Thank you thank you thank you !! I  want to thank the people that made this place happen ....you have made all my dreams come true. Imagine a delicious yogurt shop with super fun flavors like peanut butter, chocolate mint, cake batter and so many more.  I used to have to travel to  Yogurtland or Jujuberry  but not anymore , now we have one right in the hood!! Guess what?   instead of eating a normal lunch I can pig out with a healthy peanut butter yogurt smothered in chocolate chips.   Could be the perfect lunch!!  See you there!
Good Pizza and great service!!\nThe date dinner for two special is great for its value, available on Thursdays after 6:00 pm!!!\n It included an entree, two salads and one pizza of your choice!!! \nEnough food for two!!! :) The garlic french fries were bomb!!!! Deliciously seasoned. As for our friend, the birthday boy, he had pepperoni pizza and that by itself was great, better than our BBQ Chicken pizza I would say!!\n Fun place, great service, AWESOME YOUNG MAN SERVING!!! :) We came here with a group of 12 and were seated urgently and smoothly!! :) Oh and the Pomegranate Martini was Oh soo Great!!! A must try, a bit strong, but that's how I like them!! :)
"""Regency has been in Ahwatukee for as long as I can remember, and I've been here a long time!  The staff is super friendly; they recognize me as soon as I walk in the door and even know who my parents are (who have been going there forever) and tell me that they stopped in earlier in the week.  They do alterations too!\n\nThe prices are a little high, this isn't your $2/item dry cleaner.  I've used those places before and I believe you get what you pay for.  For example, they look for spots/stains before they clean my clothes, I don't have to call special attention to them.  Regency catches the stains that I miss!!  The $2 place never did that!\n\nAlso, they use earth friendly cleaning products/process.  To me that makes my money worth it and it also makes me think twice before getting something dry cleaned.  \Can I get one more wear out of those dress pants?  Its not like I went hiking in them . . . yeah, I can wait.\""""\n\nAs we've all heard before, we vote with our dollars, and I vote for the local, friendly dry cleaner that cares about the planet!"""""""
"""Service and food is excellent.  $3.99 for a good sized burrito served with rice and beans on the side is a great deal.  Or 99 cent tacos (these are the Mexico \street\"""" style ones served on a soft flat corn tortilla).  All their food is very authentic.\n\nThe Al Pastor (seasoned grilled pork and onions) is my favorite and is the best I've ever had.  Whether it's in a burrito, taco or torta, I absolutely love it.  The sodas are the kind you'd get in Mexico.. they import them in the glass bottles.  I've always liked these better than the plastic bottle type you get in the states. The Mexican ones are sweeter and less carbonated.\n\nGreat place, and they have beer too."""""""
"""Let's talk about the good things at Moto.\n\n1. Beer. The owner (who splits his time between CO and AZ) doesn't mess around with \typical\"""" beers. You won't find Budweiser, Miller, Coors, Heineken, Corona or any of their \""""lite\"""" varieties. Usual beers found on tap are from Four Peaks (local brewery), Stone Brewing (San Diego), Avery Brewing (Boulder, CO) and various other craft brewing companies. \n\nAlong with the beer comes an in-frequent \""""beer celebration\"""" held at Moto. This happens for Stone Brewing Anniversaries along with other random events. Usually advertised on tables a few weeks prior to the event. \n\n\n2. Non-sushi menu items. There is a good selection of pre-made bowls along with a make your own bowl option. I consider all of these bowls to be \""""to-go\"""" options, I can never finish a full bowl (I'm 6'3\"""" and 200+ lbs, to give you an idea of my size/appetite). Also, the buffalo burger and salmon entrees are good sized and won't break the bank.\n\nI've had every appetizer available on the menu and can say that they are all good to excellent. The spring rolls come with a wonderful sweet sauce. The chicken quesadillas are large and filling. The asian nachos are piled high.\n\n\n3. Desert - The \""""Mojos\"""" are probably one of the best frozen deserts I've ever had. Ice cream wrapped in rice crispy treats. The ice cream can change daily, the servers usually do not know what flavor it will be. The menu states this as well.\n\n\n4. The \""""Underground\"""" menu. This is the menu of specialty rolls that are made. These clock in at $12 each and are very good. The Jalapenko is spicy and very filling for an 8 piece serving. \n\n\n5. The \""""all you can eat\"""" on Saturday. This is both good and bad. The good is that yes, you can get all you can eat (of the available sushi, not everything is on this special). The bad is that once it gets busy you will need to wait for your items, Moto runs two sushi chefs max. If you expect 20 orders of 5+ sushi items to come out in 5-10 minutes, you need to come back to reality. Get there early and order in a timely manner, be prepared.\n\n\nAnd now the downside:\n\n1. Sushi - The regular menu has, in comparison to other sushi bars, a very small selection. As mentioned in earlier reviews, only smoked salmon for some items rather than regular salmon. The sushi available is of good size without the \""""rice bloat\"""" that some sushi bars have, you know what I mean, when the roll has more rice than contents (fish/veggies/seaweed or soy wrap). I recommend ordering a regular roll, such as spicy tuna and an \""""underground\"""" roll (mentioned above).\n\n\n2. Wait time and servers - This is a neighborhood restaurant, through and through this is how the owner markets the establishment and runs it. If it is very busy you will need to wait for a table. You will need to wait for your order to be prepared longer if it is busy.\n\n\n\nThat's all I have to offer you in the way of advice and opinion on Moto. Overall it is above average when factoring in the experience and goal of the restaurant. I wouldn't call it a \""""sushi experience\"""", but rather a nice sushi restaurant in a good neighborhood. Go to have a nice lunch or dinner, or to watch a game and drink some great beers."""""""
We Finlay made it to St Francis. My girlfriend and I came here for dinner New Years eve for dinner before heading to a party. We both went with the 3 course meal that night. She got the salad that had thinly slice grapefruit and a light but tasty vinaigrette. I choose the lobster bisque. This lobster bisque was so good except one thing, they put thinly sliced pecans in it. This is not a place for nuts. I had a few bites of it before I got the pecans and it was delicious. Once i chewed the nuts it coated my mouth and that was all I could taste for the rest of the bowl. Leave the nuts out next time it was so good!!! Course #2 She got the scallops. Freakin awsome and cooked to perfection! I have never had a scallop cook so perfect ever. Props to who ever was cooking the scallops that night! I ordered the fillet. I ordered it med rare and it was more like med+ and I took one bite and decided to keep it cause it was delicious and they were busy and didn't want to wait 15 min for another. I usually would have sent it back but the flavor was there and the veggies that came with were excellent. For the desserts she got pear dessert with ice cream. Freakin awsome. Great thing to have for cleansing the palate after all that great food. I got the Chocolate turtle dessert that was great but we took that home for later. The building is cool and for the firs timers the waiter gives you a little history about the building before ordering. Great service and great food. We will be back and cant wait to see whats on the menu next time we stop by!
Uncle Bear's is one of the best things about Queen Creek! \n\nThe food is actually decent pub grub. The vibe is laid back, festive, friendly, and warm. The locals that frequent the place are definitely life of the party. The dog wall of fame is very sweet. The RIP wall made me tear up for my recently lost dog. When you're in this joint, you feel dinstinctly like you're in a beach town in San Diego, rather than a tiny suburb in AZ. \n\nI recommend you swing by. If you come a few times, everyone will know you and you'll feel like you're walking into a really fun living room.
Really Nice inside... not your typical Courtyard.\n\nHad a bit of The W feel but it was bright and airy inside.\n\nThe rooms were really nice and the bed was super comfy.\nAlso, the bathroom.... the sink is outside from the shower and toilet.... which makes it easier for 2 people to use the bathroom at the same time.\n\nThey also offer complimentary WiFi which is very convenient.\n\nI didn't get to enjoy the cafe downstairs but it looked good.\n\nThe front desk folks were nice and efficient.  Got the 4 of us and our 3 rooms organized and checked-in in a matter of minutes.
"""My husband and I came here after hiking Camelback Mountain. We were hungry and wanted some hearty diner food and totally found it in Joe's.\n\nTwo eggs poached for me. Perfect, especially for $0.99. My husband had the corned beef hash covered in two fried eggs with a side of chorizo gravy and biscuts. The hash was as he puts it so well: \Tastes like it's out of a can, just like I like it.\"""" The eggs were cooked well. The only negative was the biscuit. Like good southerners, we're a little picky and it was a little doughy for our taste. But the chorizo gravy is a must. Delicious, and I know my gravy.\n\nThe service is friendly, quick, and attentive. We'd definitely come back next time we're in the area."""""""
Basically this is a place offers some real frozen yogurt, unlike so many other stores offers ice cream but titled as 'frozen yogurt' to be in the trend. Bliss's froyo actually has the sour, tart yogurt taste, and you can feel the lightness! I love the original flavor, and don't like toppings on it. I always get a big one to go, and put in the freezer when I can't finish it, and it still tastes the same on the next day, or tastes even better after you freeze them according to my roommate.\n\nAnyways, this is a great place for some real froyo. Just be sure to look to a corner store next to the Bank of America on Mill, cuz its kinda hidden in the brickyard.
WOW!  This is a beautiful Spring Training stadium!  I was able to attend the Season Opener of the D-backs and Rockies and loved this place. It did take what seemed forever to get a parking and I am sure that they have worked out the kinks.  The lawn seating covers the entire outfield and is the best place to watch a game.  The food was fantastic!  There were so many choices.  I decided to go with some fry bread and I was not disappointed.  My next visit I will have to try out Salty's or Native New Yorker.  I did get to spy on a celebrity...Gonzo was signing some autographs for some lucky fans!  I loved the selections of micro brews that are available at the stadium.  I like that this stadium has sunblock stands available courtesy of CHC.   I can't wait to watch several more games at this stadium during spring training!
This is such a nice getaway from the pretentious, overpriced Old Town places crawling with posers. \n\nHands down the best margarita in town. Nice happy hour with good drink specials. Overall, nice ambiance, good music and not too loud. \n\nThe food is pretty good too. Good soups, nice apps, (tres hummus plate is very good - veggies instead of pita is a nice, healthy touch). Arizona fire corn is unique and delicious, and the sweet potato fries are a winner.\n\nFor the entrees, if you like fish, the Pescado Veracruz is very flavorful. Also, the sonoran veggie wrap was good- but DRY, which is too bad because the sonoran sauce is delicious. Here is a hint:  you need to put it on the whole wrap, not just on the last bite! I must say I was looking forward to the Rocky Point Pizza and was a little disappointed. I expected shrimp on the pizza, not shrimp flavored puree. It was still good, but not special.\n\nFinally, this is just a nice place to chill out at the bar after a long day without obstreperous music and irritating patrons.
This is a very nice superstore for all you homemaking needs....but I think what set's it apart from stores like Hobby Lobby.....and Michaels is that they offer free classes to show you how make you home more beautiful. I mean everything from sewing your own curtains....to making arts and crafts to decorate your home....and did I mention it is all FREE. Can't be that.....so get over to Joann's and get your homemaking on people. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends
A perfect way to top of an exotic shopping experience at 99 Ranch.  The Taiwan Express has photos of many (not all) of their dishes. Very authentic.  \n\nAlso try some shaved ice for desert (brought me back to Singapore!).  My kids love the shaved ice, though they are more used to Asian foods than most kids.  \n\nNote that the Buffet section (to the left) is better than any mall food courts, and may be more tame for some taste buds.  \n\nAND - in between the buffet and Taiwan Express you can buy a whole roast duck for about $12.50, which they will cut up for you.  Be sure to buy some Plum Sauce (elsewhere in the store) for a sweet dipping sauce for the duck (yummy!).
This is a small family owned sub shop that's been in the same plaza in this older part of Mesa for over 30 years. This is the original but they've since expanded all over Mesa. You'll find them tucked next to the Dirty Drummer bar on the corner in the same plaza as Wendy's. It can be hard to spot if you're not looking for it. \n\nThey have brightly colored booth seating right when you enter. A few feet back is the counter to order. Depending on what time of day, you'll either see the owner working, his family, or your typical high school kids.\n\nI've always enjoyed their subs, whether it was as a young child or on lunch break long ago in high school. What I enjoy most is their meat selection and the fact that they have a generous helping of not too tart italian dressing and mayo on their subs. The combination is hard to describe but when it's done right, it tastes unlike any other sub.Their bread is soft and fluffy and they leave out the million and a half vegetables you'll get at other places, making it a true sandwich- not just a bunch of vegetables on bread. You can get your sandwich hot or cold and they have reasonably priced lunch specials btwn. 10 AM - 2 PM where you can get an 8 or 12 inch sub, drink, chips or pickle for between $4.63 - $5.23  They also do catering.\n\nPersonally I think the Poorboy is one of the best with Salami, Spiced Ham, Bologna, & Provolone Cheese. I would never think of putting those meats together, let alone eat them by themselves, but for some reason they make it work. I love Krazy Sub :)
I like this airport, it's huge. I usually dislike oversized hubs but I like Phoenix. It's layout is friendly and organized, the long, flat, escalators make you feel like your super-human-power-walking, love it.\n\nIt has a ton of shopping and good bars. I think there is 11 jewelry stores in the airport alone, which would suck if it were anywhere else, but when your in Arizona your in the Mecca of awesome craft jewelry masters from all the local Native American tribes. That do amazing turquoise and silver work. \n\nHighly airconditioned so bring your hoodie. Barfly is a decent bar for a cold cocktail.
For a municipal course, Dobson Ranch is tops.  This is the place to go for a good, cheap afternoon round of golf during the summer.  It's a well maintained traditional course, with large trees lining the fairways, and grass everywhere.  Dobson Ranch is great for beginners, as the ball is playable from anywhere that is not in someone's backyard.  It's slice-friendly too, with most of the out of bounds areas sitting to the left of the fairways.\n\nDobson Ranch is a standard par 72, except instead of having 4 par 3s, 10 par 4s, and 4 par 5s; it has 5 par 3s, 8 par 4s, and 5 par 5s.\n\nAt only $10 to walk on a summer afternoon, this is one of the best values in the Valley.
I used to be anti-Cold Stone, but I've changed my stance since moving nearby and getting it way too often due to my girlfriend's cravings. Yeah, that's it, I'll blame her for our weekly visits. We started going to this location about a year ago and the trend always seemed to be pissed off, teenage high school girls with neck tattoos behind the counter hatefully making your ice cream. It was especially nice when they felt the need to complain about their miserable lives to the customers. But ya know, I learned something from one of them one day. It sounds to me it was the owner or manager of this location that was the bane of these poor girls' existence. So ya know what, I'm on their side now. \n\nBut that used to be the trend. Over the past few months there seems to be a happier group of girls working who don't have neck tattoos. They are more upbeat, positive, and don't complain. They make damn good Gotta Have It sized specialty ice cream bowls. Enjoy!
McGraths in Scottsdale is CLOSED!!!!!\n\nThe wife and I actually stepped in for lunch here today and they have a pretty affordable lunch menu. We both had halibut and shrimp fried with french fries. very good stuff! The Cole Slaw is also very good, creamy and flavorful. Coming from the Pacific North West I am very particular about fish. This halibut was white, solid and flaky. I'll be trying out the Soup and Salad next time. Gotta' have good clam chowder or it just aint' a fish house!
My parents and I love Marjerle's. Their happy hour is good, love the wings. We end up going there and we all just get wings! The fried shrimp are great, and the brownie dessert is decadent and good. We've been here for trivia night and we won a $5 gift card, the emcee was funny and it was a nice way to spend a night! Great place to watch UFC or whatever game you like to see. Service is good, all the waitresses I've had have doted on us. Great sports bar, it'll always be one of our regular spots!
Mojo was delish. I had the original tart. It was very good. I didn't like the chocolate chip cookie dough topping. That was disappointing. I also tried the raspberry which was pretty good too. It was your run of the mill self serve yogurt. \n\nWhat I found interesting was how many people would serve themselves a taste and keep going back for freebies. Wow, I saw a whole family do that. It made me laugh yet I was embarrassed at the same time!
"""It had been a while since I've been to Cherry Blossom, so I didn't feel good about reviewing it until I tried it again recently.  It was just as good as I remembered.  The service is a tad slow and it is pretty smoky inside, so you run the risk of smelling like garlic and wok oil all day if you eat in.  But take out is always an option.  \n\nI had a noodle soup with \mountain vegetables\"""" and fatty udon noodles.  Mountain vegetables?  WTF?  The server didn't even know what the were but they tasted good.  \n\nTwo thumbs up."""""""
"""Are my reviews disappearing? I submitted a photo of this place back in September and it's still there, but I would swear I wrote a review too....\n\nSo add me to the mozzarella sandwich love.  I could eat the hell out of that thing every day of the week. Really wish I still lived close by so I could. The sandwich is so perfect, and so FRESH tasting unlike so many other \caprese\"""" style sandwiches I have tasted. And for $8 you get a HUGE sandwich. Go get it, you wont be disappointed.\n\nThe piece of candy/chocolate they give you is a welcome touch :)"""""""
"""I walked in the front door.  The sign said, \Wookie Wednesday! Howl like a wookie for a dollar off your meal!\""""  The guy behind the register looked down at my black tee emblazoned with a bold cartoon logo of yesteryear and exlaimed, \""""What's up Thundercat.  You hungry?\""""\n\nSold.\n\nI'm not one of Mary Jane's best boyfriends.  Oh I still think she's pretty hot.  She's just not the girl I turn to when I need some late night lovin.  So why would a fly guy who's not such a high guy be into a place with weed up in his face?\n\nSimple.  The staff are entertaining.  The food is good and not too expensive.  I enjoy watching pictures of presidents, aliens, and your mom (I swear, go check, third polaroid from the end!)  sharing a toke and a smile while my sandwich is being situated.\n\nCheba is always on my list when I'm looking for something to fulfill my late, but not too late night cravings.  Even so, I still prefer take away.  It's a fun place.. for about five minutes while my sandwich is getting made.  And then I'm ready to jet.\n\nI know I'm gonna jinx myself... but these guys have never fucked up my meal.  How cool is that?"""""""
"""Coup Des Tartes is a solid 4 stars with the potential of being 5 stars with a few menu updates.  After reading some of the Yelper reviews I was a bit perplexed about what to expect when a friend invited me to join him at Coup Des Tartes.  After h told me this is a BYO, pas de probleme ~ you can count me in!! \n\nFirst off, there are not enough fine dinning BYO places in Phoenix!  PLEASE HELP ME SPREAD THIS THROUGHOUT THE VALLEY!!  It's a \good time\"""" when you're able to bring your favorite wines with you to dine and not pay the restaurant's prices.  Especially when it's at a place that offers quality food and service at reasonable prices.  \nSure there is a \""""cork fee\"""", but I look at it this way ~ I would rather pay $9 for the \""""cork fee\"""" and $30 for a bottle of Chateau La Galiane Cabernet Sauvignon I can buy at Total Wine, which would cost $100 (plus) at any other fining dinning restaurant.  \nTheir food and drink pricing is very reasonable considering the quality and taste. This is where I think CDT has an opportunity to improve.  They have a limited menu and since they are a French restaurant, they should think about offering some of the more updated French dishes.  A stereotypical French meal is heavy in saturated fats; heavy creams and butter which are staples in many French dishes and what CDT offers is no different.  Think about offering some of the newer French style dishes that include crepes, more game meats and sea food dishes.\n\nAppetizer~ their delicious three onion Tart and it was excellent! (sweet and savory and decadent).  We also had the Mate Horn and the Mozzarella and Tomato Salad which was very good. \n\nEntrees~ the Filet Mignon, cooked mid-rare of course with sides of mashed potatoes and haricots verts.  I had their signature dish: the Lamb Shank.  It was extremely meaty, \""""fall off the bone\"""" tender. The couscous was very fresh and it had just the right amount of veggies and sauce to pull everything together.  \n\nDesert~ Pumpkin Tarte and fresh cup of French caf\u00e9.  It was also very good.  \n\nService~ exceptional.  They were extremely attentive and very friendly, but not too friendly if you know what I mean...  They brought us a wine decanter and an aerator without asking.  The place is very quaint with somewhat of a homely feel and yet very simple in d\u00e9cor. \n\nWine~ FANTASTIQUE!  Will plan to bring a second bottle next time!"""""""
Lodging - 4 Stars:\n\nI really enjoyed the historical background of the property and the rooms where each in their own one-story area (I was honestly expecting some high rise thing) and a small patio. Rooms were outfitted very nicely, they were fancy -- but not so outdone that you felt out of place. \n\nWent with a friend and the two sinks in the room were an excellent bonus. Each evening spent sitting outside, enjoying a bit of wine and the warm Arizona air. Beds were exquisite, rooms were quiet and just enough luxury to make you feel pampered without being overwhelmed by staff or extra charges for amenities.\n\nWe got a room close to the pool, and although a bit nippy in the evenings to go swimming -- it was a short shuffle away from the large hot tub which was excellent (except for the drunk couple that decided to turn it into their personal boudoir...)\n\nSpa - 3.5 Stars:\n\nI have mixed feelings about the spa. First issue was when I was trying to make my appointment and the front desk did not seem very knowledgeable about the services they offered (for skin types, etc.) Then, upon arriving we received a tour of the facilities which was not very personable and seemed so rehearsed. (Also, I think I can find the bathroom and the towels, and I also know how to open up a locker....the tour turned into 15 minutes of me not being able to be in the Jacuzzi.)\n\nIt seems that they schedule everyone at the same time for their services...because before I knew it the calm waiting room had turned into a packed holding cell for half the women of Scottsdale. One by one, they called the clients into their services...but it just felt a tad awkward. \n\nMy massage was EXCELLENT. The masseuse was extremely good, probably one of the best I've had and really enjoyed it. I'm not particularly shy, so it's easy for me to relax pretty quickly when getting a massage. Afterwards, had a facial and the Asthetician was also quite good -- my face was glowing for two days afterwards. I REALLY appreciated that she didn't try to sell me on the products she used, which after a relaxing facial -- the last thing I was is you trying to hawk your $50 face cream in a tube the size of lip gloss.
A coffee shop is good when...\n\n1. they serve delicious caffeinated beverages \n2. they offer tasty treats to soothe your hunger pains\n3. they provide sufficient room to get work done. \n\nRoyal at the Market offers all three. The coffee is creamy, and full of a caffeinated kick which is the perfect boost to the day. I like iced coffee and enjoy their iced latte here. They have plenty of pastries to munch on and more important, the Downtown Public Market is just a step through a pair of doors. Finally, they have plenty of seating where it's easy to get work done. They have community tables as well as individual high tops. They also have a back room with seating as well.  \n\nBetween the Market and Royal at the Market, this is an ideal spot to visit for a beverage and to do some work and I like to visit as often as I can.
I love it! The diviest piece of crap hole in the wall, but they make the best food! The sweet and sour pork is actually chopped pork, with a heavy breading and cooked just right. So much better than the standard deep fried pork balls at other places. The egg rolls aren't actually wrapped, but they dip them batter and fry them without any wrapping. The soups are great, and the family dinners which come with soup, egg roll, and entree are a great value. The servers are pretty old chinese women that will not bend for anything... at all. We orderd a meal for two, and then asked to order a third one and she refused, saying they already started cooking it, and we would have to order another meal for two... odd. Also odd, is they have a birdcage with a fake cardinal in the center of the dining room. This is so far the best chinese I have found in Phoenix, a city that should be known for having no good chinese restaurants.
I'm actually taking off 1 star for all the anti-Obama stickers they had by the register. Sadly I do realize we have to put up with the uneducated from time to time but that was a bit much. \n\nOk, on to the food. This was the first time I have been to Capt Bills and did not have any idea of what to expect. I did check out the reviews on Yelp and they looked pretty good. I have driving by this place for years  and never stopped in so I figured why not. \n   When I first walked in I liked the look of the place. Lots of wood and it felt like an old school joint. I walked up to order and was greeted by a rather attractive young lady and thats always a good way to start things. I ordered the 10 inch Italian and 2 10 inch pastrami subs. Price was not to bad overall. The Italian sub is dirt damn cheap for what you get. I did order to go so I picked it up and went on home to try out this new (to me) place. \n   I took a bite of the Italian first and was amazed at how good it was. Lots of flavor with a nice fresh taste. Excellent bread with good cheese. This is a winner in my book. I will be back for the Italian. \n    I then reached over and took a bite of the pastrami and again was shocked at how good it was. This is not the type of pastrami you find at places like Chompies but a bit more like lunch meat. It was however very good with no gristle at all. Great flavor and very good cheese. Another winner for me. I am now starting to think about trying more and more of what Capt Bills has to offer. \n    All in all Capt Bills gets high marks for the food but a big negative for the political B.S. on the walls. I will be back for the food but I will never start a chat about politics in this place.
This place shares with a Circle K.\nHate to say it, but get your 44oz. drink in Circle K for 86 cents to go with your chicken.\n\nBut I'm here just to deliver my Inside Skinny:\nTuesday has a leg n thigh for 99 CENTS, mild or spicy!\nIf you've had issues with freshness, go on a Tuesday, everyone knows about this deal and they're making lots of chicken all the time. LOAD UP!!! I get 5 orders and make it last a few days.\n\nMY PIG-OUT STUNT:\nTake the layer of skin from the top of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on top of the skin. Apply a really generous amount of Frank's Red Hot or Trappey's Red Devil cayenne sauce. Fold skin like a taco and shove the whole thing in your mouth!!!!\n\nNo one can top this deal.\nChurch's tried but they just couldn't hang.\nSometimes the Popeye's thighs are a little small, but hey for 99 cents, what a deal!\nAttire: Formal (Jacket Required)\nHAHAHAHA!!! I just had to.
Overall great experience... Everyone seemed to keep an eye on their pooch but the amount of dogs humping each other was not to my taste.... I would come back... The park is very large, almost too large.... My dogs like to roam but the amount of people and dogs their was almost overwhelming.... They loved it but I was a bit worried someone might leave with my very trusting dogs.... And the 15 or so little dogs yapping and running back and forth was obnoxious.... But it was still a good evening....
I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  \n\nThe best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!\n\nSeriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.\n\nThe review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.\n\nFor 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.\n\nGreat lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
I cannot pass up the opportunity to take the FTR (First To Review) on Chef Aaron May's latest creation... \n\nI stopped by for a drink during their grand opening celebration last night.  While I arrived too late to sample the food, those around me said it was fabulous... \n\nThe place was packed but I think that is just because it was the grand opening... Located right on Main Street in Old Town, I can see this place being a perfect spot to grab a drink or a light bite after work, or as a more laid back place to go with a small group of people on a weekend night.  Aaron did a fabulous job with the decor.  I will return soon and update my review then... but I encourage anyone seeking a new hot spot in Old Town to go check out Mabel's On Main!
Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.  My Order was ToGo.  The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.  Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.  The Carne asada was my least favorite.   The Chile Rellano was very nice.  The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding, not the american style but a buttery Bar/Cake style and the sweet Potatoe filled Empanada which was a sweat soft  bread filled with autumn flavored sweet potatoes.  I will return for the Tripas Taco, Chille Rellano and the Bread pudding without a doubt.   The prices are very reasonable and there is plenty of parking in this Market style Order and wait business.  Do not go if you looking for a Nueva taco bistro or fancy setting.
I went here last night with the BF to use a Groupon I had bought. I really had wanted to go to Sens back in the day, but once we moved right across the street from it, they went out of business...sad times. Anyway, this was the first time we made it out to Sochu house. The place reminds me of a club turned restaurant...the decor is very dance club. We sat in the dining room, but the bar looked a bit cooler. At the suggestion of our (awesome) server, we had mostly tapas. We started with the potstickers, which we both thought were just ok. Then we got the orange puffs...very good. Lightly fried chicken with a sweet and spicy orange sauce over some tasty cabbage slaw. We then had the soup dumplings....Oh. Em. Gee. These were awesome! I haven't found dumplings like this anywhere else in Phoenix. They are salty and savory and delicious. So good, we ordered a second plate. We finished up with the red curry. This is supposedly the spiciest thing on the menu, but I didn't find it that spicy. It really was kind of a just okay curry. Could have been a tad bit thicker and had a little more flavor. I would definitely come back, however, for those delicious soup dumplings....I have actually been thinking about them all day. Also, they have some great specials like any 4 tapas for 20$ on Tuesdays and date night specials on Thursdays....Definitely will be back.
A tale of 2 Phoenix AZ stories:\n\nPrior to Dec. 2010:\n\n'hey heather, have you ever been to phoenix before?'\n\nyeah i have long ago...all i remember was being in a motel with my dad scared to death while he watched pet cemetery. i was under the covers with my ears plugged and yet he continued watching it (wth dad?). i was probably 7 or 8.\n\n'but what else did you do?'\n\nno clue..thats the only memory ive retained O_o\n\n(this has been my answer for years)\n\n---\n\nAfter Dec. 2010:\n\n'hey heather, have you ever been to phoenix before?'\n\nyep! had a lovely time being shown around by my awesome guy...he took me up to the Compass Room where I got a panoramic view of the entire city during a full yellow moon.  It was really special :) And though more gushy a story than (previously) comical...I'm happy I now have this answer to share\n\n---\n\nAs a visitor to Phoenix, places like the Compass Room really shine to me. Beautiful, classy, iconic...this is a place to go for special occasions. Where *every* table is a good table to have a fantastic view of the entire city skyline while you slowly rotate around with good company. There are little plaques telling you what you are viewing throughout the time, which is neat.\n\nWe came around 9pm on week night during the holidays so it was fairly quiet and slightly atypical in social atmosphere, I imagine. Just for a glass of wine and a shared dessert - Bread Pudding (delicious). We were well taken care of by our professional and friendly server and had a lovely time.
Decided to pop in and get takeout for lunch today and holy cow, I'm blown away. Now I will say that the actual restaurant seemed cold and unfinished, but the food was killer! They were out of a few of the sides, but at the end of the day my meal was spectacular!!!! I went with the brisket sandwich with a side of seasonal vegetables. Now these weren't any regular vegetables, they actually cooked them in the smoker!! It was zucchini, mushrooms and peppers. Super great, perfectly cooked! My brisket sandwich was one of, if not, the best BBQ sandwich I've ever had period! The bark on the brisket was spectacular, nice spicy dry rub on the meat. The brisket itself was super tender and had that killer beef flavor you expect from a slow cooked brisket. The bbq sauce was a bit strange, but was pretty good. The sandwich didn't need it at all, super killer sandwich. Overall there were some minor things I'd change but hey, they're a new restaurant!!! Killer BBQ spot on Central Phoenix. Way to go guys!!! (now go put up some decorations will ya?)
Iowa Cafe is one of those places I always saw and wished to stop but never did. Someone from our church had told us that it had reopened under new management and in a different location. Then, we heard other friends talk about it and said that it was good with a down-home feeling. Well, one Sunday after church my whole family decided to go there for lunch. We all liked it!!\n\nMy husband ordered the meat loaf and he said that it remainded him of back home (Ohio) so I guess that's good. The food option in the kids menu is good and super affordable. I ordered a small traditional breakfast with bacon and country potatoes that was good but also ordered  a cinnamon roll to share with everybody that it was amazing!! Just make sure you ask for it to nice and warm. \n\nOverall, our first experience there has been nice. Service is great and super friendly!! We're definitely going back!!
"""Fattoush (pronounced \Fuh-too-shh\"""") is essentially one of those hole in the wall, ethnic mom-and-pop dives people always yearn for when craving something a little more authentic. After several consistent recommendations from friends, well, I finally gave in to pressure.\n\nFirst off, it is not in a \""""sketchy location,\"""" really. No more \""""sketchy\"""" than many pockets throughout central Phoenix. So it's not Chandler or Surprise? Get over it. I rather relish any hints of urban grit. It's called living in a real city.\n\nThe interior is unremarkable, there is no atmosphere, however, it's clean. After seating yourself, someone brings you a menu. After eating at Fattoush on just a few repeat occasions, you will quickly become familiar with everyone who works there, and who knows, ended up addressing many of them on a first-name basis.\n\nMinus the few noticeable, more Mediterranean and pedestrian items (read: the Greek salad), Fattoush, for the most part, serves noticeably authentic food. In fact, it's probably one of the most genuine Middle-Eastern establishments you'll find in Phoenix. From their baba ghanoush and falafel to their tabouli and lamb kebabs, the food tastes fresh, and frankly, like it should.\n\nNothing on the menu is priced unreasonably. In fact, it's fairly cheap. Serving such good food, I'd be willing to pay a lot more. The service is never overbearing. If you go expecting someone to be circling your table every few minutes, asking if everything is alright, if you wanted another drink, etc., you will be disappointed. This is not Pita Jungle or the Cheesecake Factory, and, thank god for that.\n\nI probably eat there now two or three times a month, and it's consistency comforting. If you truly love Middle Eastern food beyond hummus and lentil soup, you will truly love Fattoush. It would be worth a visit. \n\nI am truly glad I discovered it."""""""
I was on a savage hunt for some yogurt and was determined to find the perfect spot to satisfy my craving... you know when you're craving something in particular and even though you really want it you become super picky?? yeah that was me.. we must have drove by 5 yogurt spots and i was being a brat and could not make up my mind which place i wanted to go into. When we drove past this place i was intrigued by the design  and decorations. It has a old 50 classic diner feel to it which i thought was cute. Even all  the employees were in their dorky little outfits/hats.\n\nwhat is frozen custard you ask??? It is better than ice cream... it is freakin delicious! toppings are endless.. Everything from sprinkles to cap'n crunch! I got the lemon flavored custard mixed with coconut, graham crackers and butter toffee nuts.. shit was the BOMB! so effin'' good.. better than i could have though.. \n\nYou can get large pint sizes to take home... they also serve hamburgers, sandwiches, strawberry shortcakes, root bear floats, French fries ..you get the idea.\n\nJust did dessert this time.. but i will be back Nielsen's..oh yes i will be back.
My friend and I went here after a day of spring training baseball and we were indecisive on where to eat.  This was close to where we were staying and looked nice with good reviews.  Wow, I really enjoyed this place!  The service was friendly, and quite a good menu.  I decided on a pizza with meatballs on it and my friend got the pasta puglia and we shared.  The pasta puglia was AMAZING!!!  So fresh and tasty; but we got it on spagettini instead of the fusilli.  I really enjoyed the pizza too!  Good crust, not too think and the meatballs were not dried out from the oven; the garlic was a great touch!  The bread you get to start is also quite good!\n\nI would definately return!
Okay, the drive through is never really quick but the food is always hot nonetheless - which is why I guess the drive through is not quick!   I am willing to wait - the other day I was really hungry and on the road - grabbed 3 rolled tacos with guacamole - soooo YUM!  We go to  Taco Tuesday often and the carne asada taco, while not 99cents, is a worthy add-on - Cucumber Slices are a great snack while you are waiting for your number to be called.
When I lived in Phoenix, I used to frequent CB quite often as the food was reasonably priced, breakfast or lunch was always good and service was stellar. I also liked the store in front of the restaurant and would often find things to buy from seasonal items to collectibles (long ago it was Boyd's Bears) and they had good candy.\n\nWell, I have lived in the Bay Area for well over 8 years again and this was the first time I have been back to a Cracker Barrel. This time was for breakfast with my Mom and daughter. The service, as I remembered was fantastic, the menu huge but with things from reasonably sized to giant portions and all that in between. This was the first restaurant I can remember that asked me if I wanted my poached eggs soft, medium or hard (soft please) and the cheesy hashbrown casserole was still as good as I remembered. \n\nI will be back when I come back to town next and I can't wait!
I think I'm going to be biased when writing this, because the nostalgia and the atmosphere are what really keep me coming back again and again, despite the average food.\n\nI try to go here at least once a month on First Friday, since I park at Burton Barr. I remember going here with my dad when I was in 5th grade, and always wanting to sit in the train inside the restaurant, hah. But like i said above, the atmosphere is what they really exceed with, and atmosphere is one of the most important aspects of a restaurant, in my opinion. It's sporadically placed knick-knacks and odd furniture selection are all part of it's charm. \n\nThe food here is alright, and decently priced. Waiters are always friendly and you never have to wait more than 15 minutes for a table, even with large parties, because the place is so enormous. \n\nThe Old Spaghetti Factory is nothing novel or award-winning, but it's homey feeling is what attracts me more than anything else.
Best omelet ever.  The O'Pear Grenache omelet was incredible, I tasted my companions and was immediately regretting my choice of French Toast.  The French Toast was really good, but didn't compare to that omelet.\n\nThe service was incredible.  The place was absolutely packed, but my table of two never lacked for attention.  What we did lack was space!  The table we were at was TINY, our meals and drinks barely fit on the table. The restaurant itself is not large, it is actually quite cramped.  Don't go here if you are bothered by crowds and cramped quarters.  It's also quite loud on weekends, conversation was difficult.\n\nWe went on a Saturday around 10am.  We managed to get a table immediately, but it looked like most others had about a 15 minute wait.
"""so i've heard this place is \as good\"""" as bianco's....i wouldn't know because on principle alone, i absolutely, definitively REFUSE to stoke the ego and elitism of anyone req'ing me to wait 2 hours to eat their food. \n\nthe place is cute and has plenty of room to avoid a 2 hour wait....and the pizza was good. wood oven baked so it had that little burnt crispy edge. we had the mahhhhgahhhhrita pizza and it was enough to stave our pizza crave. and then we indulged in their version of the desert pizza cookie. although quite bigger than oregano's, it wasn't as sweet, but altogether still tasty! \n\nfor our pizza, half the desert, a glass of wine....20 bucks for 2 people!"""""""
"""Venti is Large. Grande is Medium. Tall is Small? Confused? You don't need a conversion chart to order a beverage at Unlimited Coffee. \n\nI am greeted upon entering with a friendly hello. After issuing my personal litmus test for any new coffee place I try out: the Americano, I am asked for my punch card. \Punch... card?\"""" I ask quizzically. I explain that this is my first visit to their fine establishment. Buy 10 and get 1 free.  At first I was hesitant to try a coffee place not adorned by a topless half-fish/half-woman person but now, I see that they have something that that other place doesn't offer. Customer loyalty apparently has a reward in this universe! I order the largest Americano they serve (a \""""large\"""" they call it) and eventually it cools to less than 200 degrees, allowing me to finally enjoy it without risk of 3rd degree face burns. The coffee is flavorful and rich and I finish it quickly. Other items on the menu include your standard lattes and mochas, but another item not on that other place's menu: gelato. I decide to reserve that treat for a future visit. \n\nThe atmosphere is not unlike that of your friendly neighborhood Pizza Hut. I don't mean this negatively. I mean... who doesn't love place mats you can color?? Yet, there seems to be the lingering vibe that this building used to be a part of said pizza conglomerate. There is a large, rectangular table in the middle of the shop surrounded by tables and the occasional love seat. The only thing I find fault with is their choice of chairs around some of the tables. They are plastic and not unlike something you'd find in Cousin Eddie's backyard. If you can secure an upholstered seat, then this becomes a non-issue. \n\nFor those of you with portable computer machines (a \""""laptop\"""" is what they call it) you can surf the 'net with ease. Power supplies dangle from the ceiling precariously (a la Tom Cruise in the first \""""Mission: Impossible\"""" film) allowing you to pretty much jack in to the matrix from any seat without fear of your \""""laptop\"""" dying.\n\nWith a very friendly staff, wifi and outdoor furniture on the inside, Unlimited Coffee is definitely a welcome change from that other coffee monster. Oh, and I can't forget to try the gelato next time."""""""
Scratch Pastries is one of the best place to get sandwiches. I love their Smoked Duck Breast w/ Walnut, moist and tender with the crunchiness from walnuts.  While salads in general are not high on my list, I really like their salad that comes with the sandwiches.  The dressing is really good and perfect for the salad.  Don't forget to try the Chicken Breast w/ Dijon Mustard Mayo & Italian Ham w/ Aged Comte Cheese sandwiches too.  \n\nI forsee myself coming back to this place everytime I have a hankering for a good sandwich.
Peeps, let's get real for a second:  when I go thrifting, I absolutely hate how dirty some places can be.  This place is like a beautiful, sparkling gem. I mean, reallllllly clean!  Off to a great start, if I do say.\n\nThe ladies working that day were all very nice and helpful, as I had several questions and needed to use the toilet.  Clothing is nicely arranged, and all items and pretty easily accessible.  The day that I shopped there, all blue tag items were a whopping dollar!  Score.\n\nWhile I didn't find anything on my first trip, I am happy to say I will be heading there soon to try and find a glorious Christmas/Hanukka/Kwanzaa/other this-time-of-year-holiday sweater.  \n\nSee you soon, Flo!
The customer service is great! they have a gym and pool that opens at 6am and closes at 11pm. They provide a complimentary continental breakfast for guests and also have a full service kitchen. they have a living area with a huge flat screen to watch games and a full bar across the way. oh, and cant forget the internet cafe area. They also have a bell hop to handle your luggage in and out of your car. \n\nthe rooms are queen size beds and have patios. i love it! \n\nalso, great tip AAA discount 15%..
Sushi Brokers is a great place for happy hour.  Myself and my friends always find ourselves here.  They have TV's in every direction to watch whatever game is on and great contemporary music keeping the place exciting.  You definitely want to make sure you get here as early as possible, because the seats fill up quickly.\n\nThe nice thing about their happy hour menu is just about every roll is on it.  You get a solid selection to choose from ranging from $4 to like $16.  \n\nThe Lollipop Roll  is by far my favorite.  Its assorted fresh fish, shrimp, avocado, and spicy krab mix rolled in cucumber and topped with masago, siracha and ponzu! MMMM  It's fun because each piece actually comes on a stick so you can eat it like a lollipop.  It's a great summer roll, both refreshing and spicy at the same time.
i think that locally-sourced, organic food done simply speaks for itself. add a charming host, an open kitchen and a welcoming atmosphere and you have a winning combination!   \n\nmy experience with FnB began with the message i received to confirm my dinner reservation.  pavle, the owner and our host for the evening, made me feel as if i'd called my uncle to say i was coming to dinner and he couldn't be more delighted!  when we arrived at the restaurant, our warm greeting from both him and his wife emily, continued the personal touch that set the tone for our experience at FnB.\n\ni am by no means a wine conniseur, but my dining partner was quick to point out that - although all the wines are locally sourced - they were all blended.  pavle let us know that they are introducing a varietal to the selection this week.\n\nmy favorites were the slivered fennel and the grilled lamb tenderloin.  however, i'm sure i could try anything on the menu without being dissappointed.  unfortunately, i was too full for dessert, but that will give me an excuse to go back!
The food, service and ambience were great.  The only bad part about it was the noise.  It was loud on a Saturday night.  The menu has many great choices.  I'd like to return to try some other things.  The bruschetta options were terrific, including fig, prosciutto, and caprese.  I had the Saturday night special which was the chicken pot pie.  It was a terrific meal with great vegetables, crust and meat.  Sean, our server, was really a great host.  The music was fun, but a little on the loud side.
I get into these wild food moods where Ill wake up and have a craving for something, its usually pretty specific, this particular morning it was corned beef. Sounds crazy but once I get it in my head I wont be satisfied until I give into my cravings. I wasn't hungry though for just any corned beef, it had to be Boar's Head brand, aside from a few grocery stores the only place you can get Boar's Head is a good delicatessen. I knew just where to go, Scott's!\n\nSituated between an Ace Hardware and a Basha's, this seems hardly the spot for a tasty sandwich. Let me tell you, they serve up massive tasty sandwiches with thick piled meat on your choice of bread and they have choices. Feeling helpless and at complete mercy to my urges I ordered Scott's Perfect Reuben-Reuben ($11.50). So tall you cant get your mouth around it, its stuffed with corned beef, swiss cheese and sauerkraut then grilled to a crispy buttery goodness.\n\nWhen the server set my sandwich in front of me my eyes widened, it was a thing of beauty and desire. As I managed my sandwich for the first bite, I felt the wafts of hot corned beef beckoning, eat me, eat me. Enjoying bite after satisfying bite, my morning craving was quickly becoming fulfilled like an ancient prophecy. Ordering a side of Russian dressing to dunk my fries into may sound slightly odd but after one dip I think you'll agree, its perfectly natural.\n\nFor the health conscious who are rolling their eyes at my delicious choices, Scott's does offer lighter fare such as salads, soup and half sandwiches. However, I for one don't go to Scott's to eat light, I go to Scott's eat well.
Liquor? Good!\n\nIce cream? Better!\n\nLiquor and ice cream TOGETHER? THE BEST!\n\nMy hubby, cousin and I were in the middle of our road trip and were on our way out of Scottsdale to get to New Mexico. But when I saw this place pop up on my Yelp app, we made a U-turn from getting onto the freeway.\n\nThis store is located in a really nice and cute part of town. I could totally spend my afternoons walking around.\n\nI tried pretty much all the flavors there. Vodka Orange Cream was one of my favorites. It totally tastes like an orange creamsicle with a kick of vodka. My absolute favorite was Long Island Butterscotch. It was super strong like a real Long Island. It was just enough to get the flavor. And it was accompanied by little nuggets of butterscotch goodness. \n\nThere are only about 15 - 20 alcoholic and non-alcoholic flavors out at a time, but the owner (who is a friendly lady) has tons of flavors that cycle. You can see the complete list of flavors on their website. \n\nBy the way, make sure you have your ID! Or else you'll be stuck with the kiddie flavors. The non-alcoholic flavors are good, but just not as fun. =) This place is a perfect finish to a night out with your friends!
"""OK, I'm adding a star to PastaBar because the food deserves it.  That and the \Jack on Mulberry Street\"""" cocktail - very tasty.  So, I've figured out what didn't strike me initially about PB.  It's not so much the art as the whole decor.  It's not bad.  It''s just not as put together as I'd hoped for a downtown local.  It's fine really, just not my style.  The food on the other hand is sublime; inventive and flavorful.  The portions are absolutely fair as is the price.  Now if I can just get them to lower the price of that great cocktail!"""""""
As promised in my initial review for Primp and Blow, I returned... and this time took advantage of more services too!\n\nSince today is my birthday, I wanted to pamper myself just a bit.  I spent my lunch hour at P and B getting a brow/lip wax from Kai and a blowout from Liz.  Wow - what a difference that makes - I feel so much better now!  Both ladies did an excellent job and were a pleasure to chat with during my pampering.\n\nIn addition, there's currently a check-in offer on Yelp where you just have to share your Yelp check-in and you get a free Rain Cosmetics gift valued at $30.  It's a limited edition collection that includes an eye pencil, lip gloss, bronzer, mascara, and make-up remover wipe.  I'm not normally so excited about freebies, but this is a great one!\n\nI ended up purchasing a hair product as well (it's my birthday - why not?!) -- excited to use it at home!\n\nSo, I'm two for two with my visits here... adult pigtails? check! wash and blow out? check! wax? check! great products and service? check!  I'm indeed a fan!
Good selection of beer.  Not as seasonal as I would have expected, but fun nonetheless.  (Also, they need to get some sours!)  Great way to taste some brews before you stop by the specialty shop and spend $10-20 on a bottle.  Food is very very good - but make no mistake, this is an alehouse, not a restaurant, so the menu is small.  Also, the menu is for foodsies, so if you're more of a burger and fries kind of person, eat before you come.  If you love creative dishes with ingredients like prosciutto or chorizo, you'll like eating here.  Will be back many times, I'm sure.
"""First of all, if you are going to have dim sum, go early during the weekend because that is when the quality and freshness are best. Also go in a large group so that the bill is less for everyone. I have been here a few times on Sunday mornings around 10 am and never have to worry about waiting for a table. They have a decent selection of dim sum dished. My usual's are the \footballs\"""", the Hau gau, and the taro cakes, all of which are decent. If you wait long enough, you might be able to get your hands on the coconut pastries called \""""snow balls\"""" which are very enjoyable. In a hungry group of 4, you can expect to pay $20-25 total as a group and not want to eat anything for the next 6-12 hours."""""""
"""I admit Im not really a fan of the college bar scene in Tempe.. but enroute to the ASU/USC game last weekend.. my boyfriend said we should get our brew suds on before hitting the stadium.. little did I realize that I like beer (just one icy one!) while watching the Sundevils take on my home states school... (maybe thats to ward off the smack talkers of those from AZ around me! \University of Spoiled Children\"""".. 'they are all spoiled beach yuppies!'... WHAT????) but my own Sundevil says there isnt a beer to be had inside the stadium.. This place was actually alot of fun... packed to the walls with , none other than big old loud frat boys.. and cute sorority girls.. The servers still remained friendly and swift.. amongst the crowd.. Daves Electric Beer was icy and hit the spot.. game on!"""""""
"""One can say an \ariline\"""" is \""""an airline\""""...this may be true however Southwest gets my attention everytime\n\nAnd here's why\n\n1) they are people movers. They have attendants walking the checkin areas to make sure you are on time and if not, they will move you up the line so you don't miss your flight. Now then, moving you up the ladder and not intefering with other passengers? Unbelieveable. They have a separate counter to deal with the late ones.\n\n2) 2 bags checked in free. What ariline does that these days\n\n3) At the gate, your boarding pass is coded to board by zones. Prevents the unorderly stampede of folks trying to get a good seat on the plane\n\n4) In flight? Attendants with humor. I've always had chuckles listening to the attendants as they annouce the comings and goings\n\nThese are just a few of their good points; solid though. Now if they upgrade their fleet, I might give them an extra star!"""""""
Heres the deal...this place really isn't that bad...definitely not worthy of one star.\n\nOur room..or condo sized apartment type thing was enormous and very clean.  There were no hairs on the bed or showers like others had seen. The kitchen was loaded with utensils/pots/pans..very awesome. The walls were pretty thin though..and we were able to hear a crying baby at ungodly hours of the morning. So that was a bummer but that only happened once in our 5 day stay.\n\nThe kids pool was actually the biggest pool I have ever seen in my life..It was also very clean and never had more than 5 people hanging out at one time. The adult pool area was much smaller and felt more like a bar area with a hot tub..also cool but we were looking for a good swim. \n\nThe tennis court was a plus.\n\nThe staff was very helpful and friendly...no attitudes or snootyness. \n\nThey do offer free wireless in the lobby.  It worked great.  If you want internet in your room..its $5 for 24 hours.  We didn't even bother with that though. \n\nThis is definitely the kind of resort where you are cooking your own meals  and cleaning your own sheets. There is no restaurant or lounge...but there are tons of restaurants and stores nearby. \n\nWe were very relaxed here and felt well taken care of. Its really not as bad as others made it out to be.
Used a Groupon coupon today for a gel manicure and spa pedicure.  My Groupon clearly stated work would be completed by a student as well as numerous signs within the establishment indicated the same.  This was clearly a teaching facility, which was no problem for me.  The area was clean and within an older building with equipment geared for teaching.  Don't expect a North Scottsdale atmosphere, this is a teaching facility.  All students were well groomed and very pleasant.  An instructor oversaw all work completed by the students, checking in frequently during the course of my visit.  My technician, Lin, did an excellent job and completed both mani & pedi within 75 mins.  There was more than ample selection of polish, both gel and regular.  I found only a handful (less than five) of bottles at half full.  I received a scrub type massage as well as a lotion massage to both hands and feet.  I would certainly recommend this establishment and I have scheduled an appointment on 9/5 to use my remaining Groupon.  My experience was better than expected from a teaching facility.
"""\Natural cut\"""" french fries are worth the visit - there's a heap of potatoes under the cutter and after you order then put one through the cutter and into the frier, and they come out piping hot and full of actual potato flavor.  So simple, I know, but so much better than just about any other place that serves french fries.\n\nSonoran root beer is available here, and you have to love a place that has a separate dedicated tap for root beer on draft.\n\nService was incredibly warm and friendly, and the atmosphere was upbeat and very, very clean.  \n\nGrilled cheese was fairly good, and the onion rings and fried 'shrooms are next on my \""""to try\"""" list for this place.  \n\nOnly minor complaint is that you're ordering a la carte and the portions could be bigger in this case.  Right now, order your dog or grilled cheese and it's pretty much \""""add a fries and drink for $4\"""" which you rarely see for just a small side of fries and drink that are paired with a main course lunch entree.  A combo would be nice, or if you're going to pay a la carte prices then I think it ought to be a larger portion."""""""
This place manages to stay pretty under the radar even though it wins awards left and right in local publications.  The reason I would guess is because it is situated right in downtown Guadalupe.  If you are not sure what Guadalupe is, it is a small community  founded by Yaqui Indians that incorporated their own town right in the middle of Tempe and Phoenix.  The town is now mainly Native American and Hispanic and is about one square mile in size.\n\nThe Farmer's Market has an amazing assortment of super fresh produce and they even make their own honey.  Right inside the door you can see some live bees hard at work making the delicious varieties.  Because this market is in an area with a lot of Hispanic residents they carry a large selection of Peppers fresh and dried.  They get a lot of their produce from local farmers and offer some organic choices.\n\nI know some people who are intimidated about going here because they fear the neighborhood it is in is 'different' than their stucco and chicken wire Stepford neighborhoods,  but I have never had a problem going here day or night.\n\nOne thing to be cautious of is the fact that this town's speed limit is 25 MPH everywhere and you better observe it.  For one thing there are a lot of dogs and people crossing the street all over the place so the slow speed is safest for everyone.  Also, Guadalupe has their own police and they will not hesitate to pull you over because you think 25 is just too slow.
Free Wifi deserves a full four stars.  \n\nThe layout, shops and restaurant choices are not world-class, it's mid-range level, architecture is plain, but I can't complain: free WiFI!\n\nFree WiFi alleviated the frustration when United Airlines delayed my flight back to SFO, not once, but twice.  I insist to fly United Airlines due to the Star Alliance partners:  Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines - so I suffer.\n\nThe airport staff is friendly, restaurant and establishment folks provide a hospitable service with a warm smile and genuine heart.  I'm really impressed by the Southwestern hospitality, I am so loving it.\n\nAlthough I wish I was stranded in a European or cosmopolitan airport hub, free WiFi sufficed to keep me busy and productive.\n\nIn addition to not being a world-class airport, less one star because of the crowd - male species - I hate it when I get these pickup lines and eager smiles from men (who I have nothing in common with) who even think I'd respond - yuk.  If I was in Europe, I'd smile back, or elsewhere international - oh please - leave me be to work - don't block my sun!\n\nBut free WiFi captivates this geek's heart!\n\nDid I say, free WiFi - you just made my Southwest Friday afternoon.
This place is a great lounge. The place was very classy. Lots of seating both indoor and out. They have a variety of liquor. Lots of high-end brands. The drink prices are a little high, but normal for a place like this. \n\nThe music in the inside area was too loud to have a conversation without yelling. But, if you were sitting outside it would have been fine. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. \n\nThis would be a great place to go with friends for drinks if you wanted a more low-key, upscale place to hang out.
"""As a \dude,\"""" or \""""bro,\"""" or \""""filthy smelly rugby player\"""" I really shouldn't like this place. \n\nAnd yet my inner case of \""""fabulous\"""" loves Nordstrom Rack.\n\nMy girlfriend, I think it is safe to say, has a bit of a shopping problem. I think if it weren't for the fact that this place is on the opposite side of the sun from us here in Phoenix that she'd be in there every weekend. I should give it zero stars for the number of times I've been subjected to \""""honey, I need to go shopping.\"""" And don't get me wrong, the first couple of times I found somewhere to camp out on the floor and settled into a good pout.\n\nThen, I think on the third or so forced Bataan death march to Nordstroms by the shopping slave master general that I live with, I found myself off of my ass, putting my phone in my pocket, and walking around trying not to be seduced by Nordstrom's very reasonably priced wares. \n\nSo here's the short and sweet of it, if you're a dude/bro/dirt ball like myself, and you are lucky enough to have someone who likes you enough to take you out in public, you might as well enjoy yourself, maybe even let your significant other show you what to buy so you're socially acceptable when you meet her friends/family/co-workers/fellow dog nuts/colleagues/people she'll claim you as hers/his in front of them. Trust old Uncle Ian on this one guys, it will help you out down the road.\n\nAlso, if you're looking to score some bonus points, drop the look of loathing and remorse when you're here. I am just as guilty, if not more so, than you are. I know that look we all give each other when we're there, sort of that \""""please Baby Jeebus, kill me now\"""" look we give to one another as guys. A hint: you lady can see it, mine has told me as much. So even if you have to \""""fake it til you make it\"""" try to look up beat when looking at the 1,324,744th pair of shoes on discount. \n\nAnd now I have a lot of new clothes that don't make me look like I robbed a homeless male prostitute for my wardrobe, which I think is a good thing."""""""
I love this little pub. I love it for it's location / proximity to the ballpark and within walking distance to other establishments. I love this place for it's quaint-ness and the fact that as soon as you walk like 4 feet through the doorway, you can order a beverage. I love this place for the simple fact that it was one of the first bars/pubs I went to with friends when I first moved here (insert nostalgia). I love the beer selection (local brew on tap) + half off burger Mondays + $3 breakfasts after 10 on Sunday (also bloody marys and mimosas for the same price).\n\nMy only complaint is directed at myself for not being available to go to the Rose and Crown every Sunday morning!!
My greatest regret about Suite 301 is not checking it out on my first dozen benders through Mill Ave. Make sure you obey their silly dress code, or you're at least charming enough to be overlooked, and make your way up the staircase. Take note of the intervals between steps.\n\nYou'll probably have trouble walking back down. \n\nMy pals had no trouble dancing the night away. I'm more of a let's-get-drunk-and-observe-people kind of nerd, so naturally I went to the bar first. $5 pints are a steal when it's Saturday night and you can drink New Belgium Somersault like water. I didn't get mixed drinks, because fuck the mixed drinks when you've got this tap selection at this price in this cool of a club. \n\nSeveral pints deep, I wandered away to the patio. Not bad at all--you get another bar, groovy furniture, and an amazing view. Hell, you can light one up if you fancy a smoke. Suite 301 combines my desire for nice crowds, good drinks, atmosphere, and friendly staff. I like.
"""An update:  I was very impressed with the owner and his responsiveness to my post.  I am happy to say that they have lowered their Drop in Price to $15.00 - Whoo Hoo.  \n\nI also would like to prop out a teacher; Todd Schuler.  I tried his class for the first time last week and LOVED IT.  He really made it fun, lots of different jumps, worked the arms, great mix between speed and hills.  My only complaint is that he only teaches Tuesday and Thursday...would love to see him teach a weekend class.  I can guarantee when I can hit up T/T I will be a regular in his class. \sprinkle of some more\"""""""""""
I've had the privilege of flying into PHX on one blissful weekend to run the 2011 P.F. Chang Rock n Roll Arizona marathon. Finding that cheap airline ticket from HNL was the challenge in itself, but it was totally worth it. PHX is about a 10 minute drive from downtown Phoenix, so it wasn't too bad, although they also have a public transportation that's pretty noteworthy too. Using Delta Airlines as my prime carrier of choice, I connected through Salt Lake City, before boarding the small regional jet to PHX. There were some direct flights to PHX, but it was on US Airways, an airline I don't know much about, or do I really want to fly with anyways. I stick with what works and makes me happy.\n\nPHX itself is a regional airport, but is large enough to support a large flux of commuters and travelers getting into Phoenix and other destinations within the surrounding region or across the USA, if not farther than that. There is not much in the way of shopping here, unless you were to do the usual snacks, restaurants, and other pickups of souvenirs you want to snag at the airport before leaving for your final destination.  Getting in and out of this airport is similar to other sized airports, just go to follow the directional arrows to the baggage claim and pick up your luggage before heading to the rental car counter or shuttle, taxi cab area, or the waiting area for your friends and family. \n\nI definitely love PHX and the city of Phoenix and Tempe. Just like most airports, the ticketing area is very much together, unless mentioned otherwise. I do love the airline DIY kiosks, since I know I can do it myself without having to do much of anything. I normally just check in on my iPhone and print out the paper boarding pass at the airport. Sometimes, I should just use my iPhone app to go through security, just to save a little bit of time. Then again, I do like to keep those boarding pass mementos of 1st class seating, just because it's just an awesome feeling to be in 1st class rather than in economy. For now, economy works right now, since airline tickets are getting to be a pain. There is free wifi connectivity here at the airport, so that's a good thing when you need it. \n\nThe baggage claim area at PHX is smaller than I thought, but it's pretty good. The only problem would be that airport prices for food and amenities do cost an arm and a leg. That's the crappy part of the entire flying experience for me. While I know they have to make money somehow, try to find some other way to gauge the flying public, please! I know I shouldn't really grumble about it, but I'm blessed to be flying when all I am doing is running marathons in every state in the United States. I probably won't come back to PHX in the future. If I do, it will just be passing through to other destinations still undiscovered by me.\n\nFly away!\n\nB+
I was here over the labor day weekend with my livingsocial deal that I got a few months ago and my family and I had a great time! The rooms were nice, well maintained and friendly staff but the perk of this place was the waterpark in the resort which was so much fun. \n\nWe literally spent our entire first day at the resort at the waterpark which has a lazy pool, a wave pool, big fun kinda scary slides and a toddler pool. Fun fun fun for the whole family! On the second day, we had breakfast buffet at the lobby grill which they had a nice tasty selection of omelet station, french toast, cereal, pastries, yummy bacon, oatmeal and fruits. After breakfast, we hung out at one of the two pools in our hotel complex and then headed over to the waterpark where in the evening they had a movie to watch while still enjoying the pool amenities. How cool!\n\nThe wife also had a facial at their spa which she said was relaxing and worth every penny. \n\nThis is definitely a place to go with the family.
I always get the Stuffed Mushroom burger when I come here, beef and toppings always seems to be super fresh, and melted all gooey with jack cheese. Nice. Last time I came here it seemed a more greasy, but I give them the benefit of the doubt, it was just a 'miss' that one time. \n\nOrdered the Brewhouse Nachos once with a gf of mine and asked them to make it half chicken and half beef. This seriously messed them up and they brought out 2 Nacho platters, one beer, the other chicken. Outdoor patio had loud music that and we couldn't hear each other talk, we kept moving around tables outside to get a quieter spot, but we couldn't find any place to sit and talk without music blasting in our ears. Oh well, might as well try to finish the 2 large appetizers that they brought out! : / This review struggles between 3-4 stars.
Mmmmm...  garlic!\n\nA recent Sunday afternoon found us wandering around the Scottsdale Quarter.  It was around 3pm, and many of the restaurants were in the lull between lunch and dinner - a great opportunity to try the newest Grimaldi's location without a crowd.  \n\nIt is no secret that I am a fan of pizza.  While I am typically a 'pepperoni and mushroom' kind of girl, having visited the Grimaldi's DC Ranch location I knew exactly what to get - the White with Garlic pizza.  It is a simple sauceless combination of flavorful cheese and garlic.  Lots of garlic.  And that is a good thing.\n\nWe ordered the large, which proved to be much bigger than expected - it nearly covered the entire high-top bar table, making it interesting to juggle plates, pizza, wine (house Montepulciano) and water glasses.  Hey, there are worse problems to have!\n\nI look forward to enjoying more of that coal-fired garlicy goodness soon!
I've never had anything but my nails done here which is why I'm giving a 4 rather than 5 since I cannot personally speak on the other services. But Dex, who did my nails for about a year while I lived in town was AMAZING and deserves 5 stars!! She was always on time, kept my appointments, worked quickly and did a great job every time. My nails had never looked better! Wish I didn't move away...I still haven't found anyone as talented as her. Miss you Dex!
Ive driven past this place on the freeway about a million times and has always vowed that one day, i will try this place! \n\nand out of complete randomness.... it became my Saturday night dinner :) \n\nAs we park the car, we could already tell this place was packed! we walked in and there were parties waiting to be seated ... lucky for us... we were seated right away... I'm sure we deemed ugly hungry stares for it to... hey its not our fault their are only two of us.... \n\nright after we were seated our drink orders were taken by a very welcoming young gentleman. :) \nand out chips and salsa were brought out promptly too! \nThe Salsa was amazing... and the chips were fresh ... and hot!! that could have been my meal i was so content.... \n\nthis place has great lighting.... not to bright or too dull... just how i like it. \nin the middle of the place there was a huge area where they cooked all the food... or at least some of it... it looked like fun.... \n\nwe shared the beef Fajitas... they were amazing!! grilled on top of bell peppers and onions... red and white... mm served with rice, beans w/cheese, guacamole and a tray of salsa, sour cream and cheese... it was SO good and they brought out your tortillas in a little bowl with a cover to keep them warm.. but they tasted more like pita bread... either way everything was hot and fresh and out in a very timely fashion.. especially since this place was packed... \n\ni like this place alot... i would love to come back again and maybe sit near the chefs area :)
I guess Phoenix is Really tired of paying top dollar for groceries. Great intro prices if you can dodge the crowds, but it is open 24 hours so go Late! Reports seems to be saying that the prices will increase after a few months of pulling people in, so continue to check the ads. The produce was super cheap and the seafood department looked interesting. Not really into the bulk foods, but for Food Preppers it must be heaven. You need to bag your own orders and NO CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED. They do take manufacturers coupons, but do not double them. As long as they keep the quality up, I think they will do great. \n\nAs a side note, they DO HAVE electric carts for disabled/elderly  people.
O. M. F'ing. Gee! \n\nIt was so good, and delivery was so fast...like faster than freaky fast...it was like Roadrunner fast...or Speedy Gonzales 'ANDALE ANDALE ARRIBA ARRIBA YEE HAW YEE HAW' rapido, or like 'Chip, I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey!' fast...and just as quickly, it was gone.\n\nTo be honest, I don't even think the italian beef sandwich, drenched and then smothered in sweet and hot peppers with provolone cheese, even knew what hit it. One moment, it's all safe, warm & cozy in its pot, skillet, oven...wherever italian beef comes from, then BAM! it's whisked off on a whirlwind adventure, delivered and not even 10 minutes later swimming in tummy acid. Happy tummy acid. \n\nTo be frank (because I guess I already used 'To Be Honest'), I have enjoyed other tamales w/ chili and cheese a *skosh* better (not bad, but not the best ever), but the italian beef sandwich today has me hooked (plus they have pink lemonade AND deliver, and that ALWAYS makes working Tygers happy). \n\nLots of delicious sounding stuff on the menu, I'm looking forward to trying the chicago dog and the buffalo bleu fries. \n\nOne note to the delivery driver/to-go order specialists/management: \n\nWhen delivering a giant mess of a sandwich, make sure to also include napkins, fork and knife. Maybe even some of those moist towelettes they give to bbq revelers. While Clinton and Lewinski may think it's cute to have a little mess on a dress, the people I work with do not appreciate it. *\n\n*Just kidding, no dresses were harmed during the scarfing down of this meal.*
"""The \new\"""" Pho Bang opened today.I was on my way to Da Vang for my weekly pho fix and I thought I'd see what was going on over there.I had a love/hate relationship with the old Pho Bang;the pho was no good,but the \ncanh chua tom and tom bo nuong vi (grill -your-own shrimp and beef) were the best in town.The shabby decor and slow service didn't put me off,and the ladies there knew me because I was a semi-regular for many\nyears.\n  The new Pho Bang is totally re-done,floor to ceiling, and now is a very modern and pleasant dining environment.I ordered my usual pho tai bo\nvien with the raw beef on the side,and an order of goi cuon (spring rolls).\n The pho exceeded my expectation and ranks with my favorites in Metro\nPhoenix(Khai Hoan,Da Vang,Dragonfly).The broth was oily and beefy like\nDa Vang,and a bit \""""oniony\"""" like Maxim.Very flavorful and well balanced.\nThe tai was above-average in both quality and quantity.Leaner and more\nthinly sliced than Da Vang,it remimded me of Khai Hoan,sliced a bit thicker.Good meatballs too,like Little Saigon.The goi cuon was solid.\nGood size, no skimping on the shrimp and great peanut sauce.They\ndo use the poached pork,which isn't as tasty as the bbq'd pork in my\nfavorite spring rolls(Little Saigon,Khai Hoan,Dragonfly).They still hit the spot,though.\n  I'm only giving 4 stars because the jury is still out on the rest of my menu favorites,yet to be tried.Oh,one more thing...this place is Da Vang cheap!I And they open at 8:30am (hello,breakfast pho!).I was very impressed with the new Pho Bang and can't wait to go back.I hope my fellow Phoenix pho addicts will check it out!"""""""
This is a hard review to right.  Again, I wish Yelp had 1/2 stars because it this review would really be at 3.5 stars.  I have been to several gyms before (golds, 24 hr fitness, tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool, jacuzzi and sauna rooms.  It kind of reminds me of the YMCA downtown Tucson.  The only problem that I have with the place is the smell in the men's locker room.  I dont know if it is because they are in the basement and the sewer pipes are old but man does it smell!  The membership is kinda pricey but it is close to my house so that saves on gas right?
This place is pretty amazing. I've been here a few times for breakfast (I have yet to try lunch) and get the white flannel hash or they're monkey cakes (I believe that's what they are called). \n\nIt is always delicious. It is usually not too crowded and I enjoy the atmosphere. They're coffee and drinks are pretty delicious too. \n\nI would have given this 5 stars, but the last time I went, the service was horrible. The few times I had been before, I had never gotten this. Perhaps they were short staffed.
"""Since moving back to Arizona from California 5 years ago, we've tried out many Chinese food restaurants in the valley.  This is one of the best that we've found so far.  \n\nThe decor is a bit tired with a little TOO teal walls.  In fact, when I eat there I find myself thinking of simple ways to update the interior to make the restaurant a bit more fresh and friendly.  Dark decor aside, the service is great, the food very tasty and the prices quite reasonable.\n\nMy husband and I often pick up take-out to eat at home and our favorites are the \Sauteed Happy Family\"""", \""""Crystal Shrimp\""""  and the \""""BBQ Sliced Pork\"""" appetizer.  The \""""Moo Shu Pork\"""" is also delicious and the PuPu Platter for 2 at $7.50 is a smokin' deal!\n\nThis spot is well worth a visit if you're in the mood for Chinese food."""""""
"""True Food Kitchen claims to not be a health-food restaurant, rather a place for great food that just so happens to be healthy. Whatever you want to call it, when you sit down, you'll be handed a card explaining nutrition guru Dr. Andrew Weil's food philosophies and explaining their ingredients and food items until you no longer have an appetite. However, give this place a chance - it's not all about health at the sacrifice of flavor. The decor perfectly highlights the culinary concept, with clean, modern lines, big open windows, and LOTS of green. Andrew's Elixir, one of their refresher drinks, was delightful. The best food item we had was the caramelized onion tart appetizer, with gorgonzola cheese, black figs, and caramelized onions on a crispy flat crust. It was the perfect balance of the sweet mild onions and sweet figs with savory cheese and light, crispy crust. Our server said this is the same crust as their pizzas, so next time I'd like to try those. Next, we had the edamame dumplings, which is basically steamed won tons filled with pureed edamame in a light miso broth. These were good, not great. For our entree, we ordered the black cod, but we had to send it back because it was so fishy (and undercooked). When I asked the server if the fish is fresh or fresh-frozen, he said, \Well, they're all fresh-frozen.\"""" Their fish entrees are $22, which seems inexpensive, but they're fairly small portions. For that kind of price in this type of restaurant, I would expect fresh fish. Perhaps the fresh-frozen fish is a cost-cutting measure in what seems to be the increasingly corporate Sam Fox empire. We went with the salmon instead, which was also undercooked but far less fishy. The roasted apples and pureed celery root were lovely, but the dish as a whole was a little overpowered by the mustard sauce, and the accompanying vegetables were weird. Prices overall are very reasonable, especially if you stick with appetizers, salads, pizzas, and sandwiches. True Food aims for the lofty goal of making great cuisine that just so happens to be extremely healthy, and occasionally misses the mark, but I give them credit for bringing Dr. Andrew Weil's philosophies on the importance of nutrition for the body and mind to the mainstream."""""""
"""Super-duper cool addition to the Biltmore!\n\nMost vendors appear to take credit cards. Pretty spendy, as one might expect, but there are some gems to be had (fairly affordable jewelry at at least one vendor.  Other than jewelry, this is a great place to get consumable gifts (candles, beauty products, foodstuffs and the like).  \n\nNot so great for the kiddos - some vendor \booths\"""" are TEENY and super cramped.  In fact, I had to make several rounds of Union as entire booths were filled up with 2 or 3 folks and I didn't want to push past.\n\nBottom line -- I'll definitely be back, but mostly to window-shop or add things to my Christmas list."""""""
"""Boy was not as impressed as I but I thought it was good and worth mentioning. \n\nWe went for restaurant week, which I have learned can either be good or bad. (During one restaurant week several years ago I was served overcooked chicken on what could only have been canned peas and corn-we never went back for the regular menu) I was impressed by Lon's.\n\nAmbiance: Excellent although next time we will request a patio seat. If it isn't 100 degrees outside, I suggest you do the same. \n\nStaff was excellent. Our server was introduced to us as \Frenchie.\"""" We immediately found out why. She was thorough and thoughtful with her recommendations.\n\nFood: Now here is where it gets complicated. I had the chilled pea soup and I thought it was really great. Flavor was good, ingredients and style were all appropriate for the weather. The roasted chicken was my next course and  thought this was great too. Overall, excellent food until I tried the boy's calamari- not so much. I know many people appreciate large portions but the law of diminishing returns applies to one's appetite as well. The calamari was large, deep fried and piled high. Bloated and uncomfortable after consuming large quantities of fried food, he wasn't even slightly hungry after he finished the first course. Now, I know, he could have stopped eating the on his own. I agree. he made a personal choice to eat the fried but I think there has to be some portion planning on the chef's part as well or at least a warning \""""Caution: you will not be interested in any other food item after consumption of the calamari\"""". Needless to say he was not impressed at all with his second course, the hanger steak. \n\nWine: lots of options- very pleased."""""""
"""My husband and I decided to visit the Joya Spa for Spa Week this year, and are we ever glad we did.  This place is an absolute dream!  \n\nUnfortunately, we were running late for our appointment, due to unforeseen construction on the roads, and I was STRESSED. However, whatever stress I had bottled up inside of me instantly disappeared once we stepped inside the Joya. The staff was extremely accommodating, and explained they just learned about the traffic delay earlier that morning, and all appointment times would be honored for the full length of the service.  Normally, spas will deduct time off your treatment to keep on schedule if you're late, so I was very happy to hear this.  Five minutes after checking in, I whipped my clothes off, threw them (literally) into a locker, and dashed out to my couples massage. \n\nWe were in a large suite off the terrace, and were immediately set at ease wtih a spritz of their signature scent at the spa to invigorate our senses.  Our massage therapists were wonderful.  They were extremely attentive, and sensitive to the pressure they were applying. By the time it was over, my husband had to pry me off the table because I didn't want to move.  I was officially jello.  This was by far, one of the best massages I've had in a long time.  Upon leaving the treatment room, we were greeted with glasses of champagne to wish us a happy anniversary.  I had casually mentioned this to the designer on the phone when I booked the appointments, so I was extremely impressed with their attention to detail.  \n\nThey led us to the co-ed lounge, which looked more like a Moroccan hideaway.  The lounge was incredibly relaxing that it almost put me to sleep, which wouldn't have been a bad thing considering the state I was in. \n\nAfter having a little alone time to bask in our new centered states, we decided to hang pool side.  \Wow\"""" is all I can say!  You walk out to this picturesque view of the mountain--truly a divine oasis.  My one qualm with the pool area, was its size.  There were definitely not enough seats for the amount of clientele they had on site that day, and you could tell people were getting frustrated.  Also, we ordered some spa fare poolside, and for two salads, a forty dollar bill was a bit much.  But, hey, we're at a resort in Paradise Valley, so what did we expect?!?\n\nWe finished off our day with a quick workout, dunk in the whirlpool, and sweating out the toxins in the steam room and sauna.  I even tried the cold deluge, which is basically is a cold shower.  Even after the steam rooms, its still freezing, but helps bring your body temperature down pretty quickly.\n\nOverall, my experience was magnificent. The staff was very pleasant, helpful, and prompt.  There was always an abundance of fresh towels, all rooms, showers, and lockers were turned over and cleaned quickly, and water/ice tea and fruit spreads were always stocked and fresh.  My husband and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. We will DEFINITELY be returning!"""""""
I have never had REAL ramen until I came here. I had been raised thinking ramen was just noodles in a package that you boil for 3 minutes and add the contents of a silver packet (predominately made of sodium), and voil\u00e0! \n\nThis place is fantastic delicious offering ramen, udon and rice dishes with fresh ingredients for about 6.50 an item. The servings are absolutely huge, but fantastic.  \n\nMy boyfriend and I tried this place out on a Saturday night a few weeks ago. It was quiet inside, but the cashier explained they just finished with their dinner rush.\n\nI ordered the miso ramen and my boyfriend got the curry rice with a side order of goyoza. There were three goyoza to an order, and to be honest, they were small for the price.  The miso ramen and the curry rice were both very good. \n\nWe went there a week later (due to a hankering of mine) and decided to share a bowl of the republic ramen along with edamame and veggie tempura. All of it was delish. \n\nThe only downside to the restaurant is that it smells like a grease fryer.  When we left, our clothes stank like grease.   \n\nOther than the smell of grease, the place is fantastic.
"""I have frequented Rula Bula for a few years now and it is hard to pin point just one thing that keeps me coming back.  The food is great as is the service and I love the authentic feel of this Irish pub with it's odd ball, mismatched tables and Guinness decor.  \n\nI typically order the corned beef sandwich on rye and it is sublime.  The three cheese grilled cheese sandwich is also very, very good.  While some feel that the beer selection leaves a lot to be desired I have never really seen it as a problem. \n\nMy only complaints about this establishment are their lack of a \true\"""" happy hour and the crowd that sometimes fills it's patio.  On a few occasions the patio bar has been occupied by some of the scummy mill crowd which is a disappointment as this is normally a great place. \n\nI would highly recommend Rula Bula to anyone looking for some great Irish grub at a reasonable price."""""""
The food at Alexi's is good.  Lunch time chicken pitas were my favorite, and at night for the occasional dinner I'd get one of the fish entrees.\n\nThe atmosphere is a bit odd, but the servers are good natured and quick.\n\nThe only reservation I'd have is the odd treatment I sometimes got by the host(ess) when I did not have a reservation.  I was a regular at this place for a long time.  Occasionally though I'd forget to call ahead to reserve a table.  Even if the place was completely empty, without a reservation the host(ess) many times will become visibly annoyed and act as if it is a big deal to find you a table and then put you in a corner somewhere.\n\nI don't know if everyone feels that way, or if it was only a way to try to condition me to call ahead next time since they knew my face.\n\nOverall however, other than that, it is a decent place to go for the occasional grub.
This place is in a great little modern-centric plaza near Camelback and Central, and the quality of the products for the home are exceptional. Haus has a beautiful bungalow-like look to it, and packs a surprising amount of furniture, home goodies and little trinkets despite its modest size. Too bad I can't afford many of the things in here (can anyone? honestly?). I'm heavily digging the new pieces in there from plusminus studio (www.plusminusstudio.com) that are on display. The reclaimed wood tables are some of the nicest I've ever seen. I recommend it highly.
Really decent pizza for the price and the flavored garlic and herb crust was just as tasty as it was a year ago. We walked in to order and as they handed us our pizza they dropped it. For our inconvenience while they remade our pizza they gave us the two they dropped plus a 2 liter free. Great customer service and the manager apologized to us again as we left. For a pizza joint: great service and tasty food.
"""Oh.\nMy.\nGod.\nI just went in here for the first time.  I live right next to Bazaar Noir, and just *had* to check out Curiouser and Curiouser because Bazaar Noir is still shut down (they had a fire about a year ago).\nThe lady who own is, Viol (?) is a HOOT!  Don't go in there thinking you are going to \just browse\"""".  She is a sales lady BEYOND sales!  \nI needed something specific - a dresser.  She didn't have one, but gave me the address of a friend of hers that has a consignment shop on Thomas.  She even called the guy for me!\nWhat will you find here?\nDay of the Dead candy (it's probably been there since November!), purses made out of dead toads (I am not kidding!), leopard lamps, purses, clothes, little books from kindergarten, dishes...vintage jewelry...just name it, it's there! (except for a dresser.  bummer).\nHere's the kicker: she has a LIVE snake living inside a coffee table."""""""
Always had good, fresh food and friendly service. Their chicken tacos are some of the best I have ever had, and I will always be a customer because one time I ordered but had lost my debit card, and they still fed me and just told  me to come back the next day and pay. There are not many resteraunts or businesses that will do that anymore, and I was impressed.\n\nThey also make a pretty good torta and the carne asada is pretty good. \n\nCheap, fast, and yummy....
Stopped in to have dinner for my brothers birthday.  Our party was a bit too large for the small dinning area, there was 8 in our group.  However, after a short wait they were able to accommodate us.  \n\nEverything I tasted was great, the only thing holding me back from giving a five star review is the small dining area.  I had two tacos and rice and beans.  The cochinita pibil taco was very good but the star of the show was the Aztec tinga.  So flavorful, so fat, so hot!  Man, good thing I had a horchata to cool the flames.  The horchata was very good but around halfway through it became nearly impossible to drink through the straw because of the fruit and nuts.  It was no big deal though.  All in all it was a great meal at a very reasonable price.
Layout of the place was a bit confusing when I first got there on my first time, since I was trying to take an order to go, but didn't know where to go..\nI ended up in the line 'for here', but they were patient enough with me to explain which area was for take-out, how I can create my own salads to go (awesome idea), and what sandwiches they offer. \n\nThe Rueben sandwich had perfectly, thin-sliced meat piled high, with plenty of sauerkraut mushed in between fresh slices of bread. Sweet sweet aroma. It was nice to go down the salad bar and choose what ever toppings I wanted..plenty of variety and the whole boiled eggs are something that I haven't seen at other salad bars. Everything is really fresh, and is very similar to a sanwich shop back in CA (called Erik's deli) for those who know what I'm talking about. But sandwiches are a bit bigger here. Bit pricey but beats me making a sandwich when I get lazy.
Been wanting to try this place out for some time and finally had the opportunity today.  I didn't expect much of a crowd on a Friday morning, however when we pulled in I was shocked to see about 10 people waiting outside.  Typical for a weekend morning breakfast joint.....but a weekday?  This place must be good.  Suprisingly, the wait was short...they obviously know how to handle a crowd at this place.  Once inside, I was impressed.  Pretty small, but we had plenty of room in our booth.  I ordered the eggs and sausage, which came with toast and potatoes. The food came out quick.  The thing that really set it apart was the meat.... this was no Jimmy Dean.  It was worthy of Abe Frohman, Sausage King of Chicago.  Needless to say, I'm looking forward to going back and trying some more items on the menu.
SkySong is fantastic if you need to rent a room for a conference.  If you need to hold a meeting or what have ya and have a speaker coming in, you can get a room for sooo cheap here.  Seriously, the room we usually get for where I work is the Innovation Room and it's not much, considering how much it can cost to get a conference room at a hotel.\n\nIt's usually around $100 bucks to book the room, then $25 for each hour you have it.  That includes your audio/visual equipment.  \n\nI can't remember the room, but one time we were upgraded to something slightly more expensive and it had a projector screen up front and in back so that our speakers didn't have to keep turning around to look at their own presentation.  Because of a super minor inconvenience, we ended up getting the room for free, too.  That was sweet.\n\nI've held two events here and have attended a couple put on by other organizations and it's always awesome.  The food spread they've got going on is awesome.\n\nIf you have a job that requires you to hold a get-together with clients, call up SkySong and talk pricing and I pretty much guarantee you'll have a very pleasant experience.
Was in Phoenix for business and had to check out this starwood property.\nI've stayed at W's before so I wanted to compare.\n\nThe goods:\nStarwood property!\nClose to airport\nGreat price\nCool room - very hip compared to most anything else you're going to stay in..  Not quite a W but not your typically Sheraton either.  \nFriendly staff\nHad this really cool video input box on the desk connected to the TV.  Allowed me to plug my laptop video into the box and have it come up on the TV.  Was able to stream netflix easily to the TV.\nThey have a bar\nEasy parking close to the door\nLocation drive-able to restaurants\nPool \nQuite\n\n\nThe not so goods\n\nBed and pillows kinda like a futon.  \nNo formal restaurant.  \nFunky frozen dinner/entries offering is more funky than useful to me and I travel a lot.\nThey do have a delivery menu from some local restaurants (A-Loft note:  Ruby Tuesday's food sucks)\n\nI would give it a 5 if it had a formal resturant.  \n\n\nWould I stay here again - yes for sure!
A ad on a the Middle East radio forum reminded me about this hidden little place.\n\nI stopped in for lunch and the options were quite unique. I had a miso base ramen with salmon in it. What a great combo for 6.95 The miso was light and the noodles were firm the salmon was poached in the broth and full of salmon flavor. \n\nThe meal came with bread and a few sweet things not a match but good non the less.\n\nGood food wide variety give it a try.