We don't have this fast food restaurant in Canada so I had to come back here after a stop in Montana three years ago. I remembered the burger to be delicious. I know its fast food but that doesn't mean it can't taste good. \nI had the original burger and the onion rings. I can say that while I ate every last ring, they were good but certainly not great. I had the burger the way it came and maybe I added bacon last time. It was good, I suppose even really good considering we are at a fast food joint. Its not going to unseat the Big Mac or even the Quarter Pounder in my mind but it was good. I think maybe i could eat here once a month, tops. \nMy wife had the Guacamole and Bacon burger. She really loved it. I don't know, not my thing but she insisted I try it. After saying no thank you at least six times I finally graciously accepted a bite. Like I said, not my thing. \nShe also had a creamsicle milkshake which tasted just like a creamsicle. Again she enjoyed it.
YES, this place has been around forever, though it isn't that great so I'm not sure why.  There are plenty of other cheap (and better) options in the area.\n\nI used to come here for takeout quite a bit a few years back and remember it being better; not sure what happened.  I went today and it was definitely below average.  \n\nThe House Fried Rice is really the only thing I've ever eaten here that was legitimately good.  Everything else is utility.
I have tried to love Sprinkles, I really have.\n\nI have been there a handful of times. Bought it for events. Bought it for myself, tempted by the sights. Im a sucker for creative marketing. It looks like it should taste good.\n\nEvery sprinkles cupcake I have ever had (and I have tried at least 3 or 4 flavors) has been LOADED with sugar. Im not talking yum, sugar. Im talking, freaking gross, so full of sugar you cant taste anything else, has no depth of flavor, JUST. SUGAR. Take a spoon, dip it into your sugar bowl, shovel it into your mouth, get the same taste, and save yourself the drive and the $4.\n\nI had read good things about the strawberry, so despite my best judgement I thought it might change my mind about Sprinkles. I bought the strawberry cupcake. The frosting had SO much sugar in it that it was still granulated. Seriously. And the cake, while moist, was so terribly tasteless. I spent $4 on this stupid cupcake and it was so nauseatingly sweet and disgusting that I threw away half of it. I have never thrown away a cupcake in my life. \n\nNever again.
I don't like this Five Guys. \n\nThe hamburgers are insanely overcooked and was a tad on the chewy side.\n\nBut my real gripe is that this place stands on the dust of the Coffee Plantation. A job that saw me through my twenties. Great memories. Reduced to chewy overcooked hamburger.\n\nI might forgive you for moving on Tempe. Maybe one day. I might even like the hockey puck texture on the over blasted meat at Five Guys. \n\nMaybe one day.\n\nMaybe one day.
I had high hopes.\n\nThen I had bites of a pastor taco, carne asada burrito and civiche tostada.\n\nMeat wise, the pastor here is incredible. If I were ever to return on another trip to town, I'll order pastor everything. The carne asada was alright as well, but nowhere near the quality of the pastor and the burrito was pretty boring. \n\nAs for the civiche.... yuck. I should have taken the advice of a coworker who recommended no seafood in the desert. Completely tasteless and overpowered with lime. The avocado chunks tasted like tofu.... gross.
I went to Daphne's today since I love their patio and wanted to leisurely dine outdoors. I ordered the Chicken Ka-bob and the double greek salad and a soft drink for $7.94 today. I love greek salad, but this came nowhere near to my expectations. I am used to a ton of tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, etc. I had two small tomatoes and cucumber slices and two or three olives and a lot of lettuce. I'm used to a greek salad having little if any lettuce. I guess I am spoiled by all the great greek restaurants in Chicago. Time to get busy and find a go to Greek Restaurant in this area.
Our first time here, after driving half an hour to try the place out. A mish mash of Asian dishes, some of which are hit and miss. We had the lettuce wraps appetizer, teriyaki chicken and Korean sizzling short ribs. The taste and sauces on all three were pretty good. The chicken was tender. But there was too little meat in the filling for the wraps - it was mostly just water chestnut. The ribs were not sizzling but lukewarm and were also the toughest I've ever had. Could not even eat half of the dish. The Chef or manager (he didn't introduce himself) made a lot of excuses when he came over to address the problem, like 'people' around here want their meat well done. Well done and overcooked are two different things. Service was below par, with only one waiter trying to keep up with dine in and take out customers. Won't be coming back here again.
This was the last valley casino i had yet to visit, should have left it alone. \n\nThe casino had a nice array of machines, but they need to clean up more oftern, or maybe the patrons need to use an ashtray more oftern.   \n\nyes there is a lot of smoke smell around, but they have a small smoke free area.  \n\nThey also have what looked to be a very nice cafe, the food looked great and the prices were very reasonable, but we were just too tired to stay. \n\nPlayed for about 2 hours and hardly saw anyone win anything, or get any bonuses on the slot machines.
Why oh why is this joint always out of ham and cheese crossaints...prepare people!!!  I really don't think theres anything special about their sandwiches, I've tried a couple of them.  The soup is usually good, the salads are o.k but the cookies are pretty good.  Service is null, I actually caught a couple of the young guys who were making the sandwiches joking about one of the guests (rude).  I never order coffee here anymore because they always find a way of screwing it up.  So why do I keep stopping in here....it must be the cookies.
Nick's is local to me and I would have loved to make this a fav as I can walk to it. \nMy first visit I sat in the bar after having sushi next door. This was o.k. and I may repeat this. \nHowever, on my next visit my friend and I tried to enjoy dinner. We were asked to sit at a smaller table outside vs. a larger table for bigger parties. Ok but when some people came in that were repeat customers and they sat at the table we wanted but there were only two, well that was somewhat rude. \nThen the waiter catered to their order and needs over ours. Such as when he did bring our food and asked us if we wanted parmesan cheese. We said yes. He then went to the kitchen and retrieved the food for his favorite customers and then brought the cheese for them and then brought it to us. Maybe they are big tippers but as someone that was looking to be a regular I may have been too. \nThe food was good but for gluten free they really do not have many choices. I have been going to another restaurant in the area and they have excellent choices with better service. Unless I am dragged here again I most likely will not return for their food.
DH and I went here with a group of about ten people for a weekday Happy Hour.  We happened to have our kiddo with us. \n\nThe ambience was nice.  It was dark inside and it was very cozy.  The bathrooms could use some work.\n\nThe food was greasy and nasty.  Stay away from the globby mess of the fundido. It is the greasiest dish I have ever seen served in a restaurant. It looked like oil inside chicken broth.  Gross!\n\nThey have nothing for young kids here. The quesadilla I ended up getting the kiddo was overpriced and she did not like it.  It was served with black on the outside, which was not appealing, and it had greasy cheese inside.\n\nThe margaritas were just okay, but even with happy hour pricing they were not worth bragging home about.\n\nOn the plus side, the servers were very nice, so I'm bumping it up to two stars.\n\nI would NEVER eat here again.
Cheuvront: oh so disappointing.  I have been to Cheuvront for dinner  twice, both times I walked away disappointed.  I've tried the many dishes including the duck, the chicken, and some appetizers.  My biggest complaint is that the food isn't that great.  It is 3 star food with 5 star prices.  The portions are small (like a tapas bar), which usually doesn't bother me as long as the food is amazing.  But this is not the case with Cheuvront.  I've tried many dishes here that are bland, with no depth of flavor.  There is no beer on tap and service takes a long time.  It's so close to where I live, that I really wanted it to be a neighborhood spot, but the utter lack of value and quality prevents it from doing so.  Either drop prices by 30% or make your food twice as good.
"""Am I taking crazy pills???!!!!! Four stars???? Really????  I think there needs to be some sort of quiz before being allowed to write reviews......  It could be as simple as: How many fingers am I holding up? Who was the first president of the United States? Or, have you ever eaten Mexican food before?\n\nSo based on its proximity to my home and the four star reviews from yelpers, we gave it a go. Was it completely terrible? No. But come on guys, call it what it is. This place is no better than an El Torito. Frankly, you are way better off to go to Baja Fresh, take it home, make your own margarita and save 50 bucks...\n\nI had the carne asada fundido. Basically its like an under-fried chimi with steak and sauteed peppers and onions inside and sour cream on top. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't shitty, but there just isn't anything to sing about. Utterly average... \n\nTraveling for work a lot, I get to eat in a lot of great cities. The only reason I mention that is that in many cities, if you open an \ok\"""" restaurant, it is closed inside a year. You just can't survive if you are this average. I have had better mexican food in Seattle for god's sake....SEATTLE!!!!!!! There are more mexican americans in this town that the entire population of Washington State.... Is it possible that the only good mexican food in this town comes from place where you have to stand in line to order?"""""""
"""Let's get some clarification right now. This is NOT A COOKING CLASS, nor is it a place you can go to learn to cook. Instead, it is simply a place where they have a production line setup with various prepared ingredients and a few select recipes that change every month. You can go in there and \make dinner\"""" for your family in their kitchen, and then take it home and cook it. Voila! A \""""home cooked\"""" meal. For me, I was greatly disappointed that I basically learned nothing about cooking, and that I couldn't do anything on my own without the prepared ingredients and special process they use here. Plus, they simply sit you at a station and you do the steps noted in their recipe. While there is someone available to answer your questions, he or she is no \""""teacher\"""" and you are not in a cooking class. Unfortunately, various coupon specials have referred to it that way."""""""
"""I came here for their friends and family event, and while I typically wouldn't write about it since it was virtually gratis and it is their start-up week, I didn't even see potential in this place (I went to Bourbon Steakhouse for a similar type of gratis event, and it fucking rocked... I refuse to review them yet because I know I'll be back when they will actually be in operation). As a matter of fact, the only recurring thought I could muster during the entire meal (which, mind you, lasted just under 3 hours) was:\n\nWhat the hell?\n\nFirst bad experience here: sitting on the toilet, as a 5'9\ woman, my feet were dangling. Bizarre. And the stalls are very looney-bin-esque... sterling silver from top to bottom with no obvious ventilation or way out if someone locks you in (yes, paranoid is the word you're searching for). \n\nSecond: The chairs are beyond uncomfortable, but wouldn't be so awful if I hadn't had to endure such a long-lasting meal (note to restaurants: this long-lasting concept? Good for relationships and, like, gum. Not so much for supper).\n\nThird: I've had better food at pretty much anywhere that charges even a fraction of what this place does. It was kind of outrageous, but I didn't begin a violent rampage because, as mentioned, they were buying.\n\nFour: Our wait time in between dishes averaged at about 15 minutes from picking up the dirty plates to dropping new ones. This isn't accounting for how long it took for them to clear our table, despite the 9842759873 servers, bussers, sommeliers, and bartenders milling around (I'm not even counting the armada of hostesses). \n\nI can see many a Scottsdale douchebag or Eurotrash enjoying this place, but it's probably because (pardon me for being caustic) they haven't recovered their taste buds from last night's coke binge.\n\nSidenote: Our server was awesome. That said, he'll probably find something better very shortly."""""""
A couple coworkers and I stopped in one day for lunch. The line was long but we got through it fairly quickly.  I was excited to try this place as I heard such good things, but when we waited over 10 minutes for our burgers, it was rather disappointing.  The burger was ok...I prefer Red Robin's thick burgers to Smash burger's thin ones.  I had their fried pickles which were covered and swimming in grease.  For almost 12 bucks for a burger, side and fries I don't know if i'll be back.
There are a few things that really can annoy a great man, and that is making me pay for a credit card fee.  I understand that you have to deal with some points on your transactions, but hey that is business and if you feel that this was hitting your bottom line I would suggest you re-evaluate your strategy on pricing. The coffee, meh it was okay but I have experienced way better, please re-consider your 25 cent credit card charge, it's tacky.
I was hankering for a good fish dish a la Vera Cruz and decided to try out Mimita's Cuban Cafe since a friend had recommended it. It's sad to say that I was very disappointed with their food. I ordered the Filete de Pescado al Ajo with Moros. Needless to say, aside from the butt load of crushed garlic enough to scare off the vampires on Halloween, the food was bland underneath all that garlic. The only thing that was enjoyable was the Maduros. But it's pretty tough to mess up fried plantain.\n\nI don't see me going back there, nor recommending it to my friends and family...and they call themselves The Best Cuban Food in Town, yuck!
"""We had such high hopes.\n\nCafe Zuzu was a huge disappointment today.  The decor was the best part of the meal.  From a lethargic, disinterested waitress to a kitchen staff that required 45 minutes to serve undercooked food to the only table waiting for service in the restaurant, it was just a sad experience for our family.  After waiting 40 minutes, we approached the hostess for help with where our food might be.  Why the hostess?  Because our waitress had become completely invisible.  We looked but could not find her.  \n\nWhen the food did arrive, it came in spurts.  With three people serving, you'd think they could get all the food out at once.  Alas, they could not.  We all had to wait another 10 minutes until the entire party was served. \n\nNow for the food.  We ordered burgers, a sliced turkey dinner and some chicken fingers.  The burgers were the best of the lot, made with an excellent quality beef patty, delicious cheese and a tender bun.  The sliced turkey was god-awful horrid.  It clearly wasn't carved from anything resembling a real bird, but was some type of formed meat buried under a half cup of salty canned gravy.  An assortment of fresh steamed vegetables were the best thing on that plate.\n\nA side serving of mashed potatoes was another miss.  Clearly reconstituted, the potatoes were tasteless and without proper texture.  I've had better when visiting Grandma in the nursing home.\n\nThe organic greens salad was excellent; not so for the torn iceberg salads which could have been made by a three year old.  The onion rings were greasy but good.  The wonderful salted dinner rolls were the hit of the night.  next time I visit Zuzu I may just buy a basket of bread.\n\nNow for the final insult, for some reason, our waitress served us room temperature water without ice.  Who does this?  Why?\n\nThe management tried to make apologies for the kitchen, and we would accept them, if it weren't obvious that the problems with the food and service were not limited to our table.  \n\nWhoever is the manager of Cafe Zuzu, please take note:  you can do so much better.  We came for the wedge salad and great burgers and got \torn\"""" iceberg (it was clearly chopped) and undercooked burgers that arrived cold.  Please, talk to your staff.  They're going to put you out of business if they keep performing like this when you're not in the building.\n\nHope you do better for us next time."""""""
So, shame on me for not taking the reviews of this place seriously and actually suggesting it for lunch today.  It happens to be in a convenient location (in chain restaurant hell off of Stapley and the 60) and we've had drinks there a couple of times.  It's really a pretty restaurant inside....too bad the food doesn't live up to the atmosphere.  They've been advertising $5.99 lunch specials via their email list, so I thought it might be worth a try.  \n\nThe large  menu seems fairly impressive and includes fresh seafood, fried specialties, pasta, salads and a long list of sandwiches and wraps.  We opted to share the Calamari Salad and the fried  Alaskan Cod/Shrimp/Chicken lunch.  We should have been forewarned when the food suddenly appears within five minutes of ordering.  To put it nicely, the salad just plain sucked.  The menu describes it as a Greek salad....NOT.  Wilted romaine lettuce tossed with some sort of sickeningly sweet poppyseed dressing (WTH?) and a few pieces of calamari on top.  I will say, however, that the tender, non-greasy pieces of calamari are the reason why I'm NOT giving this place one star.  The fried platter was OK...she ate the fish and I ate the shrimp and chicken.  The fries weren't bad...just nothing to write home about and the cole slaw was barely passable.    \n\nThe service wasn't much better than two stars as well....I mean just because we're drinking H2O with lemon and not having cocktails doesn't mean you can ignore our need for refills. On our last visit we sat at the bar and ordered martinis...I guess that doesn't count.\n\nAnyway, we didn't pay for the salad (thank God) and I left starving..it really wasn't even the equivalent of sharing two appetizers since the portions are small to begin with and we weren't inclined to finish either dish.  I'm embarressed to say it, but I'm sure Red Lobster would have been a better option, or, even Long John Silvers for that matter :(
"""I booked my birthday party here, mostly because of it's close proximity to The Duce. I was in contact with someone who said she was the Manager, Daron Harvey. She was great and said she would extend happy hour for my party. However, upon arrival, the night of my party, the manager on duty had no idea my party was coming. When I told him that I had spoken to a manager about having my party there and he snidely remarked, \that's weird, I'm the manager.\"""" Wow, way to be nice about the amount of business I am about to bring your bar. To top it off, we got there at 9pm, which is what I told the Manager I was e-mailing, just to find out they normally close at 10pm on non-Suns game nights, unless they have 20+ people. So, now I feel awkward 'cause we're keeping these servers past the time that they probably thought they were going home. \n\nThe only reason I am not giving them one star is that they were still able to accommodate my party and give us the specials. Except after 1.5 hours of being there, the server asks me if we're all on separate checks. I don't understand how you just assume these things and we had to wait a bit longer to get our tabs. Lastly, I get the rule to add gratuity for such a big party, but the gratuity added was 22%. Random. \n\nSuch a terrible experience."""""""
"""What a joke.\nIt's a \theme\""""bar gang.That's it.Nothing more.\nModeled on a crappy movie.\nAs crappy as the movie was,this is a crappier rendition of Coyote Ugly.\nTeeny tiny size less than zero waitresses with cartoonishly grotesque bolt ons and overprossessed frosted hair and that fugly candy pink lip gloss.\nIt's laughable to see some of the poseurs who stroll in in their pre-ripped cutoff denim shirts,bandanas around their heads,but with gelled and styled hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nOkay,here's a clue.\nREAL bikers don't gel their hair.\nNOT when they're riding anyway.\nMaybe for their job at the Verizon kiosk in the mall,but not for a ride or night out in a badass biker bar.\nDidn't bother waiting around for all the rafter tricks folks seem to be so fond of.\nI actually couldn't get the hell out of there fast enough.\nFor a moment I felt like calling some friends to join me just so they could get a laugh,but I didn't want the stigma of having been in there in the first place.\nSnottsdale plastic people in their fairyland playgrounds....\n\""""What did you do last weekend Miffy?\""""\n\""""Oh Bitsy,it was so cool.I went to this badass biker bar where there were badasses and bikers.It was so cool.And now I'm so cool and exotic because I hung at the badass biker bar.\""""\n\""""Gee Miffy,how will you ever top that raucious escapade?\""""\n\""""Well Bitsy,I'm going to attend a hip hop rap event this weekend and talk to some black people.It will be the shizzle\""""\n\""""Wow Miffy,I don't know a cooler trust fund princess around!I wish I was as cool and daring as you.\""""\nYep...That's about it....."""""""
One star for service.  3.5 for food.\n\nDear Revo, When a business orders lunch to be ready at a specific time, and well in advance, MAKE THE DAMN FOOD AND MAKE IT READY WHEN YOU SAY YOU WILL.\n\nSorry for yelling.  Had to vent.  They have done this to me 3 times now where we order at 11 for an 11:45 pickup only to have the person picking up wait 20 minutes.  You've lost our office's lunch business.\n\nThis is a shame because the food is quite good.  Even if you eat in they are very slow though.\n\nSO, if you have an hour or two for lunch, give it a try.  Everything I have had is good.  Solid green chili and carne asada.  Real stand out is the creamy rice that comes with the combos, YUM!
I don't mind riding the bus with crazy people and grumpy unfriendly drivers. What I do mind is the price being too high and the lack of service at. night and on the weekends. I can't afford to go anywhere. I can only afford to go to school one day a week. Even then I still have to walk a mile to the school and a mile from the school because I can't afford the all day pass. How am supposed to get on my feet if I can't even afford to take the bus to go job hunting. And now you want to raise the price another dollar? WTF!
"""I'm so confused!  I love my fellow Yelpers and so based on reviews I was so expecting more Joy from my Joya experience.  I'm writing this review in my hotel room at the Montelucia....which is the place that I wanted to escape to the minute my massage ended. Over joyed?  Not so much!  \n\nOK, my massage therapist was very good so no complaints there.  But this spa place is so cheesy!  And I'm not talking about delicious well-aged Gouda.  I'm talking pure VELVETTA.  I swear the interior decorator went to TJ Maxx and purchased the lanterns, candles, crystals and other decor that is suppose to make guests feel as if they were in the Andulasian region of Spain or in Morocco.  Maybe this place can pull the wool over the eyes of Americans that don't have a passport....just saying.\n\nThe hotel is lovely and the staff are very friendly and helpful, but as far as the spa is concerned, I won't be back.  \n\nFor my $$$, when in town and I feel like treating myself, I will go back to my #1 Willow Stream at the Scottsdale Princess or  #2 Revive at Desert Ridge.  \n\nI'm so bummed about this spa experience.  At least I have a nicely appointed bathroom.  (We got upgraded without being charged...likely due to current pool construction).  I'm gonna get myself all dolled up now, snuggle with my wonderful hubby (who couldn't stop giggling when we were giving the \grand tour\"""" of the spa...I swear!  and refused to place his hands on their 50lb crystal...the attendant was not amused!), and have a wonderful dinner at the (for now) hidden gem called Tuck Stop.  \n\nAdios mi Amigos!"""""""
After several good meals at FnB, last nights experience came up very short.  We had a 6:45 reservation and when we made the reservation were told that the next reservation for the table was at 9:00 so we would need to be finished by then.  The waiter was terrific but the food came up very short.  The food was piled in in small plates and looked very unappetizing.  While the fried green tomatoes were good there were smothered in a sauce and covered with a large handful of greens.  The waiter went to great lengths to describe the special orange appetizer with various exotic spices.  It looked and tasted like orange slices with some kind of cheese.  The ribeye looked unappetizing and was very tough.  The pink grouper was piled on a small plate with cauliflower, broccoli and confusing spices - smelled fishy and was undercooked.\n\nAt 8:40 we had paid and were finishing up a conversation when the hostess very rudely informed us that we had to leave as the next reservation had arrived, apparently 20 minutes early.\n\nAll in all an expensive and very unsatisfactory evening.  They seemed more interested in turning the tables than providing a pleasant dining experience.
We used to order from NYPD quite often, but this place has gone straight downhill in the last few years.\n\nWe called for pick-up tonight and were put on hold. No problem, it's dinnertime and they're busy. Someone comes on the line and asks if we're ordering pickup or delivery. We tell them... and get put on hold again. Okay.\n\nThe guy taking our order seemed totally clueless - probably another new high schooler they hired. He required long pauses between each item of our huge order of 3 dishes and 2 sides. Not terribly difficult, we thought.\n\nWhen we arrived, they tried to tell us that the olive oil that goes on their pasta is plain. Um, seriously? I'm paying for plain olive oil on my plain pasta? I can do that myself! I know for a fact they usually season their olive oil, as do ALL decent Italian restaurants. The fact that I had to argue with them about it was ridiculous. We had to ASK for some garlic and seasoning to be mixed in for us. Thanks.\n\nNext, we specifically ordered garlic CHEESE knots - confirmed two times over the phone - only to arrive home and discover we had plain garlic knots. If we'd known, we would've saved the money and just had the ones that came with the entrees. Most upsetting was the fact that we were, indeed, charged for the CHEESE knots, not the plain ones. How complex IS this?\n\nFinally, we had to actually request a side of sauce for our cheesecake, when this was never explained over the phone. Funny, since the website menu specifically states the dessert comes with raspberry topping. If there were options, maybe we should have been informed when ordering. If we hadn't caught the mistake, we would've left with... a slice of plain cheesecake. Fantastic. For nearly 5 bucks? I can get two slices for half that at Walmart, strawberry swirl included.\n\nAll this for overpriced, bland food, an enormous wait time, an incompetent staff, and one huge headache. The pizza is good, sure, but the hassle is NOT worth it anymore. If this is how they run the show now, then I'll take my business somewhere tastier and cheaper.
Went for lunch recently because Verde was overflowing. Cool place- liked the atmosphere and there's a lot of room. Saw a DJ set up in the corner- I bet that's for their late night service which I would be willing to check out. As far as food, there is a small selection and it's all about $9/10 a plate. Asked for a vegetable substitution but the chef refused (in a way I can respect that he protects his food, but I might have liked it better if he had just obliged me). Service was friendly, but slow. I'm not saying Sens is bad- just that I've had better.
Not sure what ladies the other raters were working with but the one that was there when I went in was borderline hostile towards me.  She reluctantly offered to help me and then gave me repeated dirty looks as I browsed through the store.   I mentioned having problems breastfeeding and she just stared at me then walked away.  Come to find out later they have classes and a lactation consultant.  Never were either of these things mentioned while I was there which I find weird, wouldn't one want to advertise these services?  Isn't making money the object of owning a business?\nI was put off by her crap attitude and the elitist feel of the store.  Pretty much everything she had could be found other places for about half to 70% less money.  Tea for 14 dollars?  Yeah. I found that same tea for 4 dollars elsewhere.  I guess it's tough for me to believe that any normal person would want a duponi silk baby sling for an annoyingly high price.  Anyone who does breastfeed knows that milk pretty much as a way of getting everywhere, even silk baby slings.  \nNot sure, maybe it was an off day for them but I would not recommend them to anyone if that is how they treat customers.  I guess I would recommend them if you like to be pretentious and spend way too much on stuff just because you can.  There are people like that in Scottsdale and this would be the place for them.
For a restaurant that supposedly prides itself on its five star service I was very disappointed. First off the waitress looked completely disheveled, messy hair too small faded black shirt and cheap looking black pants. Then when we placed out order for the mussels we were advised by her that they are very fishy this time of year. My husband had never tried them so we took a chance. We also ordered the Kobe beef sliders and the tomato salad. The Kobe sliders were so well done you could call them burnt, the salad was tiny with wilted lettuce and the mussels(surprisingly) were good. By the time we saw our waitress again we were finished with our meal. I asked her about the Kobe sliders and commented that they are always prepared well done and she quickly brushed off my comment and walked off.So much for the customer is always right. Needless to say my husband and I were very disappointed to spend a hefty amount of money for so-so food and terrible service. Needless to say we will not go to Different Pointe of View again and will NOT recommend it to our family and friends.
Eh. I've had better. Their boba was.....how do I explain? ....it was like, falling apart. They weren't that firm, the texture was just gross (and yes, I've had boba before....) Also, there wasn't a lot of ice in my drink, which also made it more gross. \n\nI think I will stick with my regular place....I like the boba at a restaurant in Mekong Plaza....I think it's called Taiwan Food Express...but I'm not sure.. It's on the North side of the Plaza and it faces the parking lot. There's a bunch of pictures of Boba Tea, ya can't miss it. (but I think I am going to give The Street a try....thanks Arlington W.)
My room smelled like B.O. every time I entered. I went into the gym and it was disgustingly hot, humid, and a bit smelly (but I worked out anyway). The water pressure in the shower sucked - like having some midget pour water on you from a bucket. But this is not what compelled me to write this review - I was going to let all this slide. What irked me was when I asked the guy behind the desk to give me a 5 AM wake up call because I had an event the next morning with three local TV channels attending. No wake up call. Good thing the alarm on my cell phone works. Next time I think the Courtyard Marriott might be in order.
"""Maybe it's just me but this store is not up to par in my opinion. I always stop here to get money orders for rent on the way home from work and I almost always have to wait at the counter for 5 or more minutes while employees constantly yell \someone will be right with you\"""" at me from all directions. The sandwich counter is good although it says sandwich in 3 minutes or its free and it always takes longer. (I never say anything because I don't care, I just don't see the point of the sign.) Their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection. The produce is almost always below my quality standards and is also lacking in selection. Last but most definitely not least they always have just one register open and no self checkout. Overall going there is a highly inconveniencing experience and I would not recommend going there for anything."""""""
"""The first time I went there was a great experience. It was the first place I ever ordered a dirty martini, and it was delicious. The prices were a little higher than other places, but not too bad. I think I paid around $7 for a pretty strong martini\n.\nThe 2nd time, however, made me decide I will never return. I know it's a \tequila bar\"""", but I'm not a fan of tequila. So I ordered a martini again. First, the bartender rolled her eyes at me. She started the drink with their \""""well\"""" vodka but, when that bottle emptied, switched to Skyy. After she hands me the drink and prints out the receipt for me to sign, she tells me they didn't have very much olive juice. I figured it would be fine, the dry vermouth should cut the flavor of the vodka enough. Then I noticed she charged me the price it would be for a skyy martini...I paid $10 for what basically turned out to be a glass of vodka with a couple olives in it. If I want straight vodka, I'll order it.\n\nI ended up going to another bartender and asking her to put a mixer in it, which she did with no problem.\n\nIn all of this, my friend had to wait 15 minutes before getting a drink (he was standing right at the bar). My boyfriend had to wait 20, and I even went and stood near him, leaning over the bar showing off cleavage, thinking maybe that would get me service quicker so I could just order his drink for him. Nope, still nothing. \n\nTried waving over bartenders multiple times, but they just kept going over to large groups of people who got there after us. We finally gave up on his drink.\n\nOn top of all of that, the boys had to pay a cover, which that place really shouldn't charge. I like Suite 301 far better, and I've never paid a cover there.\n\nMaybe that was just a one-time thing, maybe we just had a couple bad bartenders, who knows. But I didn't think they were anything special, even when I did have a good experience, so I see no point in returning, nor will I recommend it."""""""
"""I made my second visit to this place over the weekend and kept saying to myself, \why the f*ck am I here again?\""""  I guess this place appeals to certain types of people who like to overpay for \""""groceries\"""" and fight for parking, but it just isn't my style.  Sure, if you live in the immediate area and find that AJ's or Whole Foods has shut down then yes, going to Oakville Grocery may fill the void temporarily.  However, if you don't live within walking distance then the place is just stupid.  \n\nOn the plus side, they do have a decent selection of good looking pre-made dishes and some different wines, breads, olive oils, etc.  Their staff is also very helpful and friendly.  They also have wine and food samples from time to time.\n\nBoth times I visited I was fortunately not there to shop, but to get a sandwich from their deli thing.  Both times I ordered different things and both times I cannot remember what I had because the sandwiches were just blah.  Bland and blah.  Not a fan."""""""
The only reason I give this store 2 stars is because I have yet to find lower prices on groceries.\nOther than that, everything about this store annoys me. From the complaining checkers, the 3 girls that are busy sharing facebook photos and talking about dates while attempting to check me out, the terrible produce selection (I now buy all my produce at Sprouts)... ugh. My biggest complaint is how my groceries are bagged. I admit, I can be a tad ocd about things but when I unload my groceries and find soap with my eggs, it is incredibly annnoying. This store also employs 3 or 4 people with handicaps, which is fine other than when I come through with $150 worth of groceries, I expect them to come home with me in the same manner I picked them from the shelves...unharmed. I always try to avoid those lines. There is one guy that talks the entire time instead of bagging and then people behind me have to wait longer because he's so slow. I know that might sound mean but if an employee (whether handicapped or not) can't keep up, move to a line with less groceries. I don't spend $500/mo at this store to hang out and be patient with their mostly inadequate employees. I was so angry when I got home the other week, I actually took $50 worth of groceries back to make my point. Not surprising though, they don't really give a crap. Maybe it's the manager change, I'm not sure.\nLike I said before, the only reason I don't go elsewhere is because I cannot afford the other stores. But hmmm... now that I think about it, it might be worth it to pay $20/mor a week to save me the hassle of dealing with this store.
I think ownership of this place has changed hands in the last few years... I've eaten here in the past and the results were unremarkable. Back then, the staff seemed to be East Coast impatient and the food was simply average. Deli seemed to be an afterthought. \n\nIt doesn't look like much has changed... It's little more than a neighborhood quick-e-mart. It's family owned I think, but the owner was a bit bristly with me when I was in there recently. \n\nI think this place could pile up bags of garbage in one of the aisles and people would still come here - there's nothing else close by for people in the neighborhood except for the grocery store on 48th. Give the people no choice, and they will choose you regardless. \n\nI lived in the neighborhood for 10 years and only went here a few times... every visit made me remember why I didn't want to come back. I can't see people going out of their way to eat here. \n\nThe Valley is lacking in decent Deli's - unfortunately, this one doesn't qualify. I've always wanted this to be a little hidden gem, but it's simply not special.
"""My senior prom was held here some years ago and - much like the amalgammation of events that led up to my high school graduation - the Arizona Center still makes me feel socially awkward, unwanted, and uncomfortable.\n\nI don't even know the names of kitschy tourist shops here, but they definitely boast \I'll Give up Breathing Before I Give Up Beer\"""" shirts in their window displays. Ugh, really? Yeah, I so want to advertise to all the crackheads and hobos on Van Buren that I'm 100% tore up in the middle of the day. Maybe I will buy some Kachina bobbleheads and flower-printed cardstock and call it a day. Not before I stop at Hooters on my lunch break, of course.\n\nI wish this place retained some of its former charm, or at least a viable destination for my too-short weekday lunches. Unfortunately it's chock full of douchebag midday Mill-rejects who jaywalk across Van Buren just to stop in the middle of a high-traffic area and look around stupidly for the best chain bar. And not that I bother with the upper level (what the hell is even up there? anything?), but has anyone noticed the broke-ass escalator that has been chained off for two years? Am I making this up? This place really can't be that bad, right?\n\nThe movie theater is decent if you're comparing it to the massacred, always full of the guy that thinks obvious foreshadowing in movies is  a profound revelation environment at the AZ Mills Harkins, but my only faint recollection of this place was watching the ATHF movie here while day-drunk, passing out a quarter of the way through. Maybe I shouldn't advertise that here. At least no one kicked me out, which is a plus, because I snore.\n\nThis place is way more fun at night when you're 17 and no one likes you. Unless you're one of the bizarre downtown tourists that takes \""""art\"""" photos of dirty alleys and family portraits in front of the Subway, you probably have somewhere better to be."""""""
"""Who is that someone blaring KNIX? I look around. But I know that my ears don't lie. The wailing's coming straight at me from the speaker at pump #8. I can't even give anyone a dirty \turn that down\"""" glare. Not a chance for a \""""can you be more rude\"""" stare. \n\nA moment of silence, please. Please. Please. Argh!!\n\nReally, I just want a moment for me. Let me bask serenely in the glow of the circle K light. Let me enjoy in peace the sweet smell of regular unleaded. Let me, ears unassailed, savor the feeling of paying less than four bucks a gallon for this stuff!\n\nCan you tell I'm not a fan of music at the pump?"""""""
"""The giant horse scared me! I thought it was a real stuffed horse at first glance.\n\nOn a nice summer night, we weren't able to get a seat outside because there was a graduation party going on. Instead we sat inside and listened to the Michael Buble-ish croonster and his homeless sidekick. I'm not sure if he was homeless but he was rocking on the bass guitar and would add in his \oh yeahs\"""" and \""""uh huhs\"""" during an intense jam session. It was creepy and cute.\n\nMy friend bought the table a round of marachino cherries that are laced with vodka and cinnamon rum. It was interesting but way too strong for my tastes.\n\nI started with an Oak Creek Hefe which was warm so the server brought me frosty mug but that didn't help either. I ordered the Spicy Cajun Sausage appetizer and it was nothing more than a bowl of sliced sausage links floating in a cold hot sauce. It was disgusting. I had to ask the server if the appetizer was meant to be cold. I'm just not a fan of cold sausage. The best part of my meal was the sourdough bread- and it was damn good because I was starving!\n\nOh yeah- the bathroom was pretty scary. I liked the mops and brooms in there too, really made me feel like I was peeing inside a janitor's closet. Oh wait-- maybe it was!"""""""
I have been to this place a few times because friends were already there and talked me into meeting them there. I have never really thought much of the food but it was not bad enough to write a review about. How bad can you mess up mexican food? But recently I dined at Julio G's and the experience was enough to inspire me to share.  First of all the decor has always bothered me there.  Pink Neon reminds me of some 50's diner.   I always expect to see a Milk Shake on the Menu when I sit down.  Also on this must recent visit I had really poor service. It was only slightly busy but it took an inordinate about of time to get a simple combo dish out.  \n\nThey thing that stuck me most about Julio G's was how expensive it was.  Nothing on the menu was less then $11 for a combo dish.  Actually I think a 2 item combo was like $10.95 and a 3 Item was like $11.95.  Man, $12 bucks for some marginal Mexican Food? I realize prices have gone up on food and produce.  I am sort of expecting to see some price increases across the board at some of my favorite spots.  But this was what I consider to be way out of line with the quality of food, service and overall dining experience.
I came in expecting allot but it just didn't live up to what I thought the flavors would be with a name like Bombay Spice. The prices on the wine are great but the menu is a bit confusing and the food has potential but it needs allot of work. I'm a big fan of Indian culture and food but it's not terrible but there is other places that have great Indian food that I would rather go. overall I give it about a 2.3..... Save your time and money this place is not worth the trip.
I'm probably a little biased in this review because of the fact that I can't stand disorganized stores. There are about 5 long aisles of merchandise in the store and it is almost completely random of what you will find (and where you will find it). From my understanding, unknown items come in each week with very good deals. The catch is that you have to be willing to maneuver your way through the mess to get to them... almost like a second-hand store. Not my thing. \n\nI'm willing to pay a few more dollars for an item to go into a store and find it located neatly in its place; a place that I know where it is; a place that I know I will find it. (i.e. you need sheets? You know that you can go to target and they're going to have a good selection of brands, styles, and colors... and you know what section of the store you'll find them in... and they're sorted on the shelves in an order that you can quickly find the size you need).
"""Location - Interesting that this restaurant shared a space with a junky gift shop. Their signage was very small and rested on a brick wall to the entrance. Ambiance FAIL.\n\nFood - The mushroom with truffle was fantastic. The beet salad was very interesting. The fingerlings anyone could have fixed. All portions were very small. \n\nOver priced!\n\nService - There were only two other parties. The chefs visited those tables, but not mine. When I gave the server a Restaurant.com gift certificate she was very rude with no \Thank you\"""". \n\nI would not come here again for mediocre service and 1/3 dishes being good."""""""
"""I got a Groupon and was excited to try a new Indian restaurant.  We were seated right away and received our drinks not far behind.\n\nThere was one server and one guy just walking around ~ not too sure what his roll was.  \n\nMy husband and I both ordered the \naan bread tikka masala chicken\"""" sandwich.  The \""""naan bread\"""" was a tortilla and the tikka masala was out of a can (not very flavorful).  The only reason why I knew that there were veggies in the sandwich was because I saw them ~ they also didn't have any flavor.\n\nI asked for more tikka masala sauce due to the dryness of the sandwich and it arrived just two bites before I was done.  Yes, I finished my sandwich but that was because I was extremely hungary.\n\nWe went to try the restaurant due to the reviews but I was very disappointed.  Maybe the dinner menu is better."""""""
Hire a busboy! I had to say it. I had to take these pictures. This is my _third_ visit since my May update with the same result and I can't keep it to myself any longer. The staff neglects the dining room. Period. Dot. Patrons often have to move dirty plates, stacking them up on top of trays at another table, just to sit down.\n\nMy recommendation to the owners is to put up some garbage bins like all other self-busing fast-food places and make _us_ do it if you're not going to.\n\nI have to wonder what happens to all those half-filled salsa squirt bottles left on the tables unrefrigerated for so long. Do they top off and return them to service, or are they emptied and washed before refilling?\n\nIt is my sincere hope that very soon I will be able to update this review again and say that things are back to normal. Until then, I have to advise driving a bit further south to Mi Patio, or north to Sylvia's La Canasta.
"""I was hungry for a slice and my favorite place in old town was closed.  So, we'd been meaning to try Nello's anyway so we went in.  \n\nWe ordered the 14\ Numero Uno, which is homemade sausage with mushrooms, pan crust.  It looked great and it smelled great, and it had a great cheese coating, so imagine my surprise when I bite into it and find that its very bland.  The crust was good.  I can taste the cheese..  I tried putting a ton of red pepper flakes on top and then parmegan cheese, but it didn't help much at all.  \n\nVery interesting.  I kept eating it trying to figure out the problem.  I've had mushroom on pizza before by itself and it didn't taste like this.  The crust is ok, not undercooked although it kind of tastes similar to undercooked dough.  I think it might possibly be not enough sauce.  I'm still not sure...  But I will stick to Best of Italy, thank you very much."""""""
I went there the other night for dinner.  Granted, I was there early but other than two people sitting talking in the restaurant, there was nobody there.   I ordered a Chicken Arepa, Shredded Beef Empanada, and the Ground Beef Pastelito.   The kid who took my order behind the counter said it would take 15 to 20 minutes.  I couldn't figure out why it would take so long-maybe they had a lot of take out orders for pizza (they share the same kitchen with Rosati's).  Instead of taking 15 to 20 minutes, I'm waiting there around 30 minutes, the kid has disappeared, and once in awhile, I see some other guys in the back.  They must know I am waiting, but not once does anyone come out and tell me that my order will be out shortly.  Finally, some other guy who looks like he could be the boss asks me what I ordered.  I tell him, and he brings out my bag, which seemed to have been sitting there for who knows how long.  It seemed hot so I left and did not complain.\n\nAs far as the food, never having had an Arepa before, I was not too impressed.  It was somewhat bland and it tasted like a taco.  The empanada was incredibly greasy.  The Pastelito was the best-the ground beef was tasty.\n\nI might go back and try some other items on their menu but they need to improve on their customer service especially when there is virtually no one in their restaurant.
Swanky looking place inside the W Hotel --- ooooh...ahhhhh!  Let's check out the exotic cars parked outside -- ooooooh...ahhhhh! \n\nLet's try out the food............ ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... .....\n\nPretty cool place to hangout if I wanted to be seen with cool crowd I guess (my mom said I was cool....) I didn't think their sushi and rolls were to too exciting. I guess they had to please the crowd and what's hip and cool.  The only thing exotic is parked outside, not on the menu.  Pretty basic and mediocre at best. Nothing I haven't seen. \n\nService was good overall and attentive.  Ambience is like a lounge and smooth.  I felt like I back in Hollywood Blvd hanging at Katana's. - Enjoy
Food was just okay, but too pricey for what you got.  I like restaurants with the kitchen open to the dining room (Pei Wei / Arrogant Butcher) - it's fun to watch the chefs do their thing like a rehearsed dance.  What's not fun is watching the staff bicker and frustrate one another.  This made our visit more stressful than entertaining.  Wait staff was slow and not very attentive - thought about giving it another try, but it looks like this is all pretty common according to other reviews.
Another jewel in the Fox crown-read amazing look and feel but outrageous prices for food that's really nothing special.  A few of us went to lunch the other day and one of my buddies orders the prime rib french dip.  The server asks if they would like mushrooms, peppers or onions to which my friend replied yes, please.  They were kind enough to charge $2 EACH for said add-ons so $6 total additional charge.  I mean seriously, I can get ten pounds of onions for two dollars...\nI ended up splitting a chicken club and a ~1 oz. cheese 'plate' with a friend and we both got iced tea.  $24...to top it off the waiter was kind of a dick.\nI probably would never patronize a Fox restaurant again if I didn't get hooked up with gift cards on occasion.
"""Such a waste. Great little cozy Mexican restaurant for a business lunch that somehow forgot 1) how to make Mexican food and 2) how to cater to larger groups on their lunch break.\n\nYou will fall in love with its quaint, wooden interior and carafes of salsa, but the love affair will start to wain once you realize how shoddy and unorganized the service is. It's one of those serve tables by committee places where no one will claim responsibility of any table that's out there. As such, you will go through long stretches without key elements for eating your meal and either be ignored or treated rudely when you ask for help.\n\nBut the real deal-breaker for me in my one (and probably final) trip here was the food. I got a \Carne Asada Taco\"""" platter, which turned out to be a loose definition for what I got. There was a stack of four tiny, over-saturated tortillas with some carne asada on it. No guacamole, no pico, or anything else. Just some carne asada and lettuce on sticky, wet tortillas. Also came with almost tasteless beans and rice on the side.\n\nThe carne asada itself was really good and some members of my party had slightly better entrees, including the ones who got carne asada burritos which were loaded with guac and such, but we all agreed it wasn't worth the price compared to a trip to Tradiciones, La Tolteca, or even Canasta.\n\nThen we got presented with a bill that included an auto-gratuity of almost 30%. We brought it up to the woman who was running the joint for the most part and took our orders and told her to sort that out. She apologizied and said, \""""Oh, she can put on whatever gratuity she wants.\"""" \n\nSay what? Who is \""""she\""""? You are the only one running the register and taking orders. And how can any server just come up with a gratuity of 30%? Needless to say this place is trying to shakedown large business parties and should be avoided as much as possible."""""""
One time I threw up in my mouth and thought that was the most disgusting taste I ever had, but then I ate at Texas Roadhouse and I can now stand corrected. Thanks goodness we had a gift card to this place, otherwise I would've paid in toilet paper. The atmosphere is pretty baller. I like the HDTVs and the woody feeling that the place has got going on. Oh, and the service is 5 stars. I've never had so many people say hi to me - I felt as popular as my facebook page. And my water was always filled, so I do appreciate that. But when it comes down to the nitty gritty, the food tasted like boo boo. I had the portabello chicken and I ate half of it. It just tasted like I was swallowing fat and grease. The cesear salad side was pretty tasty, but you aren't coming here for a salad. My girlfriend had the sirloin steak, and that was mediocre at best. I didnt think there was enough taste to the meat. I just thought our food was bland. Only go here if you have a colonoscopy scheduled the next morning - I guarantee you'll be clean to go by morning time.
I guess I had more expectations of this place from seeing it on Food Network. The food was good but the service, decor and music was not good. I only gave 2 stars since I enjoyed my meal. My daughter had the pizza and I had the cheese ravioli. \nIf you want a smile from the wait staff...good luck. One was more interested in her phone and the guy was lacking all expressions. Thankfully our waitress (I think her name was Patty) was decent.\nThe decor is outdated and could use some color...its very drab and dark in here. \nThe music is rap...this is an Italian place and the music took away from the experience. I don't think I will be back again.
I have been here way too many times but I am officially done giving them chances. So frustrating that this place doesn't step it up! It is pretty much an overpriced bar. They have a large selection of just mediocre bar food. I love the concept and it's tons of fun for kids. But I can't bring myself to go here again because I can't bare the food. They have no healthy options on their kids menu and it's not much better on the regular menu. I consider this place a kid-friendly restaurant due to the atmosphere and concept. But the service is way too slow! The number one thing that I look for when bringing kids out to eat is fast service. It's no secret that kids have no patience for waiting 15+ minutes for a check. And happy kids equal happy customers. Crying and winy kids equal annoyed and unhappy customers. So speed it up at least please!
"""Been here a couple times and really want to love it ....but just can't.  \n\nLunch this week was just okay.  Our server Jill was very enthusiastic and efficient.  For some reason this place is noisy in a very annoying way.  We endured clinking, clacking and other such kitchen/bar distractions during most of our meal.  Try having a conversation!  \n\nWe ordered meatloaf sliders w/ fries (I know, at an Asian place no less!) and pad thai.  The sliders were okay but at $11.95 not a value.  Pad thai lunch-portion was $7.95 - a bowl of noodles w/ some chicken & shrimp and a few onions & shredded carrots.  I guess next time I want \Asian\"""" I'll go all the way to a Real Chinese restaurant.\n\nOn the upside, I counted 7 different kinds of sake on the menu.  If you're a sake drinker, maybe this makes up for the so-so food?"""""""
"""Ever go on a first date and get all starry eyed and think, \This could be it! This could be The One!\"""" and then it goes downhill from there and you can barely remember why you thought the person was so wonderful? That's my experience with Mimita's.\n\nFirst impression: Cute and clean; a good start. So many ethnic joints are plagued with decades-old spills on the carpet and dingy walls. This one, while it will win no design prize, at least got a little gussied up. I could like this, I told myself.\n\nWe started with the sampler plate, and my first bite of beef empanada was bliss. I declared, \""""I could eat ten of these!,\"""" and I should have. I should not have ingested the grease-soaked, salt-coated plantain chips. Nor should I have indulged in the deep fried yucca. Or any of the other fried bites. \n\nEver the optimist, I thought things would improve. I dug into the Cubano with reckless abandon. I really wanted this to be A Great Sandwich, but instead, I felt I could do better with my panini maker at home. The meat was chewy, the bread was insignificant and the mustard was overwhelming. Whether summing up a date or a meal, it's never a good sign when you say, \""""I can do this better by myself at home.\""""\n\nI hate to compare Mimita's to a former love, but there's no avoiding it. The ropa vieja, a favorite specialty of mine, was a letdown: Havana Cafe's is far superior.\n\nAll that said, I still would have given three stars if it weren't for how I felt later that day. A bad bout of in-di-GEST-ion crept up, with the fried sampler plate plaguing me throughout the evening. Stop calling me!, I wanted to say; I don't want to go out again! Mimita's will not get a second chance, sorry to say."""""""
The service here is abysmal.\n\nAlthough the food is pretty good, though on the pricey side for  a specialty pizza (~$26), the service level experienced is beyond atrocious. \n\nOur visit occurred on a mid-week evening. Not busy at all (in fact nearly all of the non-booth center area tables were empty). We were promptly seated but then the wheels fell off. 12+ minutes waiting for our server to finally show up and ask for a drink order.  It got worse after that. Some examples: server no where to be found to refill or ask if we wanted another round; observed him chatting with friends nearby without regard or even a glance over at his few tables; clearing our plates without asking if we were even finished, rushing out the check taking it back while waiting and then taking the paid tab while we were still seated!\n\nHey Brandon or Brendan, have some class. You were rude, classless and unprofessional. \n\nThe lack of training throughout the front of house wait staff is clearly evident at this location. This was our second time at this location and the service was even worse than opening week. \n\nOutside of the service, the smallwares are exceptionally cheap. For $26 for a specialty pizza, I would expect it to be served on a decent plate with decent silverware. The stuff used here is the cheapest plastic plates and ultra thin table ware. \n\nLike I said, the pizza and other food we had is pretty good, but the service level makes sure you don't enjoy the food or the experience.
"""This restaurant was featured in the Peoria-Glendale paper so we thought we would try it. As we walked in, we noticed the doormat said \Casa de Angelina Spanish Food.\"""" Sound interesting? If there was any Spanish food on their menu, I sure didn't see it. We were a party of 5 - 2 ordered Taco salads, 1 Chimichanga and 2 taco plates. No Spanish food there. The food we got was just OK, not up to typical Mexican restaurant standards. On the other hand, the service tonight was great. But again, the food was nothing special. We won't be back."""""""
Somewhere between and two and a three.  The food is not good.  There is a happy hour and a reverse happy hour.  the price points are good.  $6.00 dollar drinks, $5.00 apps.  Problem is, nothing tastes very good.  the presentation is beautiful.  the restaurant is beautiful.  there is even a live band that is pretty good (except everything sounds like dave matthews), its just that the food is made to be non-offensive.  the salad with green goddess dressing, tastes like iceberg with mayonnaise.  the fried calamari is crispy but needs some realy dipping sauce other than the same green goddess type dressing.  The char siu bao is just gross.  The burger is decent and comes with some sweet potato fries.  had some duck cubes that were just cubes of protein that looked like they were dipped in hoisin sauce.  the desserts and tiki drinks fared better.  Stick with Maitais or hot buttered rum.  All of the drinks are sweet concoctions, but they claim to have invented the Mai Tai, and the hot buttered rum comes in a fun tiki glass. the desserts however were great.  Pineapple upside down cake, Snowall (vailla icecream, coconut shavings and chocolate sauce) and bread pudding were all top notch.  Took us $60.00 bucks to get out of there for two for happy hour so it still adds up.  hit or miss, better off going to Hulas.
Don't order take out. There portions are so small. I was really disappointed. My chicken was literally raw inside, the service was crap, they forgot my dressing. All I ordered was sides and a piece of grilled chicken. Simple enough...I thought. Stick to the other location till they get all there kinks worked out. \n\nThe Biltmore location is much more laid back and not nearly as trendy and wannabe hollywood.  The waitstaff is much more together and the portions are consistent. Im staying with that location.
"""Some chicas and I were heading down to Phoenix to see a play on a Friday night, and needed a place close by the theater for some food and drinks prior (it is a play!)  I found District online and it looked promising and right across from the Herberger.  It is situated in the bottom of the Sheraton hotel, but is very large for a hotel bar/restaurant.  Online I learned they had a good looking happy hour with comfort type food and reasonable drinks - score!  They had a nice patio, so we asked the hostess if we could sit outside for happy hour, but she informed us we could not, only for dinner.  Hmmm, ok?  She said we could sit in the bar, but the bar was packed, not a seat to be had.  My friends and I joked that we could sit what looked like a rolling banquet cart - and try to find chairs.  I went to the bar to atleast get some cocktails while we hovered for a table.  I ordered 3 of the White Peach Sangria's, which were on happy hour for $3.75.  As great as they sound, they were not good.  It tasted like they had dumped the whole \can\"""" of cling peaches in the drink, because all I could taste was syrup.  We found a table and proceeded to order some food.  We shared the All American Cheeseburger, a huge burger a la carte, for only $6, the Sloppy Joe Sliders, 3 small sliders for $5 (manwich?.)  The Spiced Sweet Potato Fries, which were great at $3 and came in a little brown bag with a moroccan type yogurt sauce for dipping, and the Mac N Cheez with Beer Hots.  I loved the Mac N Cheez, but my friend wasn't crazy about the hot dogs in it.  The burger was by far the best deal, a huge burger and only $1 more than the 3 tiny little sloppy joe sliders.  We then ordered a round of Vodka/Sodas, and they didn't dissapoint.  Our total tab for 3 was around $46 before tip, so a pretty good deal.  DO get the burger and the sweet potato fries, but get a beer or a mixed drink instead of the white peach sangria."""""""
We were so excited to have another choice restaurant in North Central.  It has a great bar and patio, but I found the menu lacking.  I so wanted to love this place.  The hamburger I had was good, not great.  Did enjoy the fried okra, but found the mac and cheese dry and tasteless.   The wait staff was nonchalant and seemed to be more interested in each other than in waiting on tables.  Also, my daughter and her friends went there for a late dinner (they are all 24-26 years old).  They were carded but the waitress didn't believe them.  She sent the manager over who actually sat down at the table and had them each produce three more cards, which I thought was above and beyond.  After they had emptied their wallets, they did get their drinks, but the waitress, having been shown up, was rude to the girls after that.  It is a shame that this group of young women, who are all med students and law students, were subjected to this treatment and all have vowed never to return.
Mimitas Cafe  is nothing to brag about....maybe my expectations were too high because I had a friend rave about this place so I  expected a little too much...\n\nUnfortunately I was disappointed. The food was nothing out of the ordinary..the rice was a bit dry and the flavor was bland\nThey do give fresh bread but it is very limited and when I asked for more- the waitress said no and that there was not enough..... for a restaurant???!!!\n\nWe are not going back - but people should notice that for a cuban restaurant - the owner and staff are no where near cuban.........
"""It sounded like fun but fell a little short of expectations.\nLiving social sponsored the cruise. $60 a person. They had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in. \nWe heard the boat was air condioned but noticed only the bottom half of this double decker was sealed in for such. Just like Titanic, we knew only half the passengers were going to make it. So we got as close to the front of the line as possible. We made it inside and grabbed a couple seats. The poor people opposite us had seats but couldn't sit down because plastic stacking chairs were stored there. They shouldn't use precious AC space for storage!\nSoon after we shoved off they opened the front doors and hot, 107 degree air blasted through the cabin. Everyone was complaining but the crew said they had to circulate fresh air through because of the sterno candles used to keep the buffet food warm. There was nothing fresh about that air! \nWe had punch cards, wrist bands, and tickets for drinks and food control. God forbid someone got an extra cup of soda. The food was good but not $60 a person good. \nThe lake and scenery was beautiful. \nAfter dinner was music from a steel drum band and dancing. But it was only one guy on one steel drum playing with a cassette. And I don't know where there was a dance floor because it was packed like sardines. I think there was 4 square feet total.\nAnywho, It killed a couple hours and was an experience when you'r sick of the dry desert. You can try it if you're bored and don't mind parting with your money. I passed someone dismbarking and they asked if it was worth it. I said, \Meh. I've had better.\"""""""""""
This place is total Ice Palace......so it is a great place in the summer.  Really....if I lived closer, I would just sit here all day and order H2o.  I came here with a girlfriend only because she had a gift card.  It is kinda of cool you can watch hockey practice here. It is a total sports bar so the set up with TVs, I really liked.  I notice the booths had their own TVs...that is really a nice setup!  Anyhow, we had salads....not a specialty place for that kind of food......this place is all fries, onion rings and burgers.  Our salads were  bland but  for 9-10 bucks ....GET THE BURGERS!  We were out of our element but we had 50 bucks to spend!  What's a girl to do?
After reading all the reviews, I really expected more from this place.  Their pulled pork sandwich was not very good.  The meat was tough, and there was no smokey flavor whatsoever from the meat, just an incredibly sweet sauce with ketchup consistency that overpowered everything.  The other sauces on the table were just as bad.  The sides were pretty good, however.  I liked the blue cheese slaw and the cowboy beans, but sides are not enough for a BBQ place to stand on.  Normally, I like to visit a place several times and try multiple things from the menu before I can say whether I like it or not.  Because the pork was so bad, I'm reluctant to give this place another shot.  I'm from the South, and I haven't really found any place in AZ that can cook pulled pork properly (only Pork on a Fork comes close).  However, the pulled pork I had to day at the BBQ Co. was some of the worst I've had in the Phoenix area.
"""Before we even sat down to our table, my party and I sat in the bar for a glass of wine. With their extensive wine list, I assumed we could taste a glass before purchasing a $100 bottle of wine, unfortunately for us, they charge for wine tasters. (which I happen to think is CRAZY, considering I work at a similar kind of restaurant) ...But where to start?.....Broken wine glasses on the table when we first sat down. Ordered a baked brie appetizer, that was cold in the center. On several occasions our drinks were empty for 15+ minutes before someone would even walk over to our table. Our server was terrible, the bus boy did 3x the amount of work. No communication coming from the server at all. The food was \alright\"""", we ordered scallops and filet, definitely not worth another $200 or a trip back."""""""
I'm trying the places close by my temporary Tempe home... it's tough to give more than two stars after my experience here.\n\nI walked by on my way to Food Town, and I picked up a menu.  In  perusing the offerings, I was struck by the Thai Basil Chicken combination. I figured with egg roll and Lo Mein, the combination would probably work.  After picking up the Food Town items, I walked toward Gourmet Wok.\n\nOn opening the door and walking in, I was the only customer in the restaurant.  When I passed by earlier, picking up the menu, there were no customers in the restaurant.  The only people in the restaurant were a waitress, her child and another lady at the same table.  The tables and chairs...Goodwill Industries.  The menu board...with lots of prices that have not been updated, even though the prices in the paper menu have...I thought I might have found the proverbial 'hole in the wall' for take-away Chinese cuisine.\n\nI compared prices between the picture board, the written menu on the wall and the paper menu in my hands.  The prices on certain items varied based on which source you ordered from.  My Thai Basil Chicken combination cost $6.55 based on the paper menu.  With tax, I paid $7.14.  The person who took my order advised I would wait 5 minutes and my order would be ready.\n\nI walked to the local literature distribution near the front door, where I picked up the coffee-time news.  After reading my horoscope and several articles about truffles, I was called to pick up my order.  3:20 on my watch.  This was either an extremely coordinated cook or certain items were cooked before being commingled with all the ingredients.  \n\nThe person who took my order brought the bag to the counter, handles looped through one-another.  I opened the bag, took a peek and everything looked appropriate.  I asked for some pepper oil, and was provided with a container.  Out the door and 2 blocks to the homestead...I walked in, unburdened from the trip, washed my hands and prepared to open the box for dinner.  \n\nThe egg roll...it had been sitting under a heat lamp...there were no grease spots on the envelope.  Cabbage, carrots, but no seasoning...frozen, not prepared fresh.  No Lo Mein...but rice cooked in yellow broth, and it was a little hard, like it could have cooked for 2 or 3 more minutes.  As hard as I tried, I just could not enjoy the rice, either.  \n\nLast but not least, the Thai Basil Chicken with no basil.  I'm betting the cook did not read the order, or chickie who took the order wrote down chicken with broccoli, because while there was no basil, the broccoli was in large quantity and cooked to perfection.  The chicken...no.  It must have been cut and then steamed and left in a tray in the preparation area.  The pieces were very uniform, very soft (beyond tender) and flavorless.  While I could not see what the cook was doing in preparation, my bet is that he took already prepared broccoli, carrots and onion and tossed 'em with the chicken pieces, then slathered the whole thing in sauce.  \n\nFirst time, not very impressed.  I will give them one more try, because every time I go by, the place is always empty.  Maybe if they get the chance to impress, and succeed, they could grow.
"""I went here today for some coffee and maybe something to eat.  \n\nThe door was opened for me upon approaching it, and I was warmly greeted by a man who I assumed to be the owner.  That was awesome.\n\nGetting inside, there are children crawling around on the ground and on furniture, literally screaming... and it smells.\n\nI walked up to the counter and a girl said \hi,\"""" I said, \""""hi,\"""" and I looked  up at the menu to see what I wanted... I kept looking and kept thinking and she remained silent and just stared at me.... this is not the kind of service I expect at a coffee shop... maybe some suggestions, or questions... \""""so is this your first time here?\"""" would have been nice.  Just silence.\n\nI ended up just ordering a toddy, and it was okay.  I prefer the ones from Cartel most definitely though. \n\nI went to throw my straw wrapper away and the counter with forks and condiments and sugar and whatnot was visibly sticky and gross.  There was a bin with a sign over it reading \""""dirty dishes,\"""" that was indeed FILLED with dirty, smelly dishes.\n\nThe owner thanked me and said goodbye on my way out."""""""
"""Okay, I'll give them one star for selection and one star for price. Beyond that, I am unimpressed and terribly irritated. \n\nI have frequented both the Camelback and Desert Ridge locations and experienced the following: \n1. Complete and \Total\"""" absence of anything even resembling Customer Service \n2. Frustration at the a$$ backwards way the items are organized. \n\nTo the first point, I have NEVER been asked by ANY member of the staff \""""Can I help you find anything today?\"""" Even when I was shopping toward the front of the store, within sight of the cashiers who were just standing at their registers chatting to each other, and I was making a point of trying to flag someone down to answer a question, was I only met with a passing glance and a look of utter inconvenience. There were three cashiers, no on in-line, yet no one stepped forward or even acknowledged my existence. This was at the Desert Ridge location. \n\nAt the Camelback location just this passed weekend, I called ahead and spoke to Eric, inquiring as to whether they carried and had Abita or Dixie beer in-stock (it's the weekend before Mardi Gras and a week or so after the Super Bowl, so I figured Louisiana beer might be a bit slim on the ground, which is why I called ahead rather than drive all over town.) \""""Oh yeah! I've got several kinds of Abita in-stock\"""" confirmed Eric. \""""Great!\"""" But what did I behold upon arriving not an hour later? No Abita. None. Only itty bitty \""""Temporarily Out of Stock\"""" slips on the shelf label. (You may want to make those signs a tad bigger, guys. Amongst the vast sea of labels that is the entire store, a Post-It-sized afterthought of an \""""Out of Stock\"""" sticker isn't exactly an eye-catcher). So I turned to the guy stocking shelves on the other side of the aisle (who had not acknowledged my existence) and asked him about the Abita. \""""Um, uh, I dunno...I'll go check.\"""" And so he disappeared, never to return or be heard from again.  Apparently he got distracted by the inconspicuous Post-its. \n\nThe other issue I have with Total Wine is it's lay-out. I was taught to read from Left to Right. Usually the Alphabet is also presented Left to Right. However, Total Wine has decided to turn the English-speaking world on it's ear and present it's stock \""""Alphabetically\"""" from Right to Left. W...T...F? Now, I understand that the customer, when walking through the store, starts at the front of the aisle and walks backward. This is the only reason I can see for putting the A's toward the front of the store and the Z's toward the back. Sure...I get it. But here's the thing: not only is it counter-intuitive to any customer who has been schooled in English grammar and the rules of Alphabetization, but it also allows your customers to walk only the front of the store if they are looking for any brand that starts with the first few letters of the alphabet. Why not put the A's all the way at the back where, not only will the customer be visually organize the selection reading from Left to Right, but also force the customer to walk past all the entire selection to get to products whose name starts with an \""""A\""""? I'll bet my Seghesio Zin that there are more breweries and vineyards whose names start with \""""A\"""" or \""""B\"""" than those that start with \""""Y\"""" or \""""Z.\"""" \n\nThere's a reason Costco puts the soda and the toilet paper at the very back of the store: it's so you have to walk past all the other product to get to it, thereby increasing the customer's likelihood of purchasing more than just the required toilet paper and soda pop."""""""
A friend and I stopped here today for lunch. I for some reason thought it was an odd choice, but he seems to go often and enjoys it. In fact the woman taking the order said to him, no drive through today? It would looks as though he is known in the whataburger world. \n\nThe people working here are very friendly if not a little disconnected. I ordered a whataburger with cheese and onion rings and a small drink. I opted for the Hi-C. I do not like sloppy food and this burger would not have been if the bun had held up. But as it is onions lettuce and tomatoes are falling all over the place. The meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour. The onion rings were very generic and sort of soggy. I loved the Hi-C. \n\nYou know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly.
Had I written this review yesterday because I was hungry, craving pasta and eating here pretty late at 9 pm, it would have gotten one more star for coming to my rescue while driving around looking for food.  24 hours later , with a clearer mind, i can say this place is average. The bread very plain, the shrimp linguine quite bland. The service and decor are quite good though. And finally, so Not the place to go for a meal for one.The size of helpings is HUGE. I had enough left over for lunch. Which would have been a good thing had the food been tasty.
Our car's driver side window was smashed as we sadly observed when we finally made our way out of this restaurant (hours later)on this less than stellar evening..we spent yet more time cleaning glass off of the seats just to FINALLY get to drive away from the Ghetto cafe..er Barrio cafe...but I digress..\n\nI don't know.... I guess a place that consistently has between an hour and 2 hour wait on a Saturday and doesn't take reservations has got to be beyond fabulous and worth waiting for right? You think? Wow..I am actually embarrased I fell for this. This must be what the people who bought Charlie Sheen tickets felt like...  Sucker! That is what I felt like last night for sure. First off, we had swung by here a couple of different Saturdays but (smartly) decided the wait wasn't worth it...my bf really wanted to try it ( be careful what you wish for)..so we got there (early for us) around 6:45 pm last night to put our name down and do the CRAZY hour and 30 minute waiting game...did I mention the bar area and patio are tiny and you get the added experience of being packed in like cows in an unorganic dairy farm....\n\nOk..so the food portion of the review...two words...mediocre and overrated...the guacamole was salty...i didn't get to see it prepared tableside because the restaurant was so crowded and small the server (who gets 4 personal stars because she was sweet)...literally couldn't fit the preparation cart anywhere near our table...our main dishes...were just ok.....nothing tasted particulary fantastic and the dining room felt hot with no air circulation...thank goodness for the wine....\n\nThis is probably one of the loudest restaurants I have ever been to...I was thinking no way will I be returning..that idea was more than cemented when we saw the glass damage...wtf? Maybe if you took reservations Barrio.. and had a decent parking situation..people wouldn't be sans their car for 3 hours just to eat dinner in the hood.
"""Maybe my hopes were too high when I made plans to go to Sunsplash.  I was overwhelmed by the crowd.  So many people were crammed into this relatively small space.  Never in my life have I seen a line for a wave pool.  I typically think of the wave pool as a retreat from the lines.  Not at Sunsplash. The lazy river was so packed I could hardly see the \river\"""" part.  Not exactly a relaxing experience.  \n\nNot only that, but the water park seemed less than sanitary.  I saw several people with bloody noses, and I couldn't help but wonder when the last time they thoroughly sanitized the place.  The park is also open at night...I will not be venturing over to Sunsplash after dark.  You know what likes to come out at night?  Bugs.  Big ones.  (I'm a Coloradan...call me spoiled...but large bugs just aren't a part of life where I'm from.)\n\nThe slides are fun, especially the gigantic ones.  If you plan to go on the big slides, be sure to bring your friends!  Expect to carry a massive raft up several flights of stairs.  There are no mechanisms that bring the empty rafts up to the slide entrance for customers.  I got a workout just by hauling our raft around!\n\nWhatever you do, do NOT open your water bottles prior to entering the park.  They will throw them out.  Bring a few gigantic bottles and rent a locker; a large cup of ice can be purchased at the concession stand for 25 cents.  Bring cash too.  A locker is $11, but you receive $5 back when you present your receipt with the locker key.  Also, I recommend bringing some plastic flip-flops.  There's nothing worse than tromping around dirty grounds covered with strangers' hairs and other disgusting debris.  \n\nFood is quite pricey (no surprise here).  It is a fun place to spend a Saturday, just don't expect anything too elaborate."""""""
As I was surveying the places near my work to eat I was hoping that this was a different alternative to the Panda Express closeby. \n\nNot so much. I believe I paid something like $9 and everything was drenched in oil. I thought maybe I'd hit a goldmine by getting tons of sushi, but it's just mediocore and tempura coated pieces were just soggy. Hot and sour soup tasted obscenely sour. I didn't even go back to get seconds (even though I ALWAYS) do this at a buffet- not because I was full, but because my stomach could not agree with me.\n\nThey are pretty quick in cleaning up after your plates, so quick that if you accidently left food on it, they'll still take it.. so don't leave your food alone at your table if you're planning to return to eat it.\n\nPayment is due after your meal, strange but true. This is supposed to be an Asian buffet, but there's nothing Asian or authentic about the food.
This did not start out well.  I showed up for breakfast only to find I had to cool my heels in the parking lot until they opened at 7.  And they actually opened at 7:04.  And even then they really were not ready to serve customers.  I got my coffee fairly quick, then my orange juice, then my bread (muffin) and finally about 7:30 my breakfast entree.  The waitress even apologized for the excessive wait time.\n\nThe food itself was ok.  I had chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, fruit and a muffin.  The muffin was applesauce something and was really good and huge.  The gravy was sort of thin.  None of the flavors stood out.  Being a little more expensive than some other breakfast spots I expected more taste.  That and being late/slow cost it a half star and in this case I chose to round down.
Kelly's Cajun used to be my number 2 favorite fast food in the valley. I'd regularly pick up a Blackened Chicken /  Honey Lemon Chicken combo after a long night evening in the lab at ASU. It was quick, the portions were extremely generous, and the Asian family that ran it was always friendly and acted like they were old friends whenever I'd drop by. \n\nUnfortunately the family that ran it is gone and the food has suffered for it. \n\nWhat was once a delectably spicy Cajun flavor on the blackened chicken, is now scaled back severely and is mild by comparision.  The garlic noodles were once actually garlicky are now just slippery and greasy. The Honey Lemon chicken is now overcooked and has lost nearly all of it's unique sweetness. The most egregious difference is that the new ownership has entirely removed the Cajun potatoes from the selection of sides available.\n\nIf I were to write this review a year ago, I would have agreed with the other review by W. It was a hidden gem in Arizona Mills mall. It's now just meh. I'm now looking for another spot to get my Cajun fix. Any suggestions?
"""M took T and I to the brand new Tempe Marketplace.  Walking through, it's such a scene: a place to see and be seen. That's great! A social and public space.  More places need to be like this.  In fact, it reminds me of the Irvine Spectrum more or less in Orange County.\n\nWe decided on Lucille's given time and that it seemed to be a good Arizona restaurant.  The irony: we learned that eight (8) of the 10 locations were located in California. Go figure.  We looked at the menu; we looked at the decor:  Joe's Crab Shack is to seafood as Lucille's is to BBQ.\n\nWe ordered a appetizer sampler, rib sampler, tri-tip wedge salad, and a bbq chicken salad. While I enjoyed the tri-tip salad, T stated the bbq flavor was nonexistent on her chicken salad.  Go figure.\n\nSo what do you expect from a chain?  It does its job to feed you and overstimulate you with decor and witty, though nice, staff and good, live music.  Don't mind the food, but the atmosphere is entertaining.  I really don't mind such places if I'm going there for happy hour or a quick meal - but you really shouldn't expect too much, it's a \chain.\"""""""""""
"""The salad in my sandwich was a great idea.  Lettuce, tomatoes, onion, pepperoncini tossed in balsamic vinegar, oh my, and then piled onto a fresh roll with ham and salami with mayo and mustard.  Not too bad, I must say.  It is, however, too bad the salami was a cheaper kind and not a dry Italian salami.  It kind of made the sandwich a little salty, but doo-able none the less.\n\nI ordered the pasta salad as a side.  I wont make that mistake again.  It's my understanding that pasta salad will be on the acidic side, usually involving vinegar of some kind.  This pasta salad was not acidic at all.  it included cabbage, carrots, sun-flower seeds and a taste that I still cant place.  It looked like it was a \bus-tub\"""" salad.  I took two bites and gave up, no sense in wasting calories.\n\nOverall, I think this place has potential, but my experience was nothing to write home about, sorry mom.\n\nFortunately for the rest of you . . . . I'm addicted sharing my experiences: be them bad, good or just so-so, lucky you!!"""""""
"""This place gets two stars not because it sucks, but just because it's very \meh\"""". I heard alot of hype about this place from friends and my Hispanic friends as well that kept calling this place the \""""Mexicans' Mexican restaurant\"""". Well, if that's the case, then clearly Mexican cuisine leaves much to be desired.\n\nI ordered a flauta dish that was large in portion size and skim on flavor. Like most Mexican food however, I felt like I was busting at the seams after I was walking out of the restaurant. One good thing I will say about this place though is that their chips and salsa are pretty good. In the end, I really don't know what was worse: my deflated expectations or my burning intestines the next morning."""""""
"""When I am craving Thai, nothing else will satisfy.  My friend and I visited Thai Basil as it was the closest Thai destination to her home, and I ordered my favorite dish of panang curry with shrimp...\n\nAnd I'll lay it on the line... it was pretty vile.  I'm shocked at the numerous five-star reviews I read of this particular location, because really this dish tasted nothing like the millions of other panang curries that I have tasted in my life. It was just so heavy on the peanut flavor, and utterly lacking in any other... and the shrimp were rubbery and almost inedible.  I hardly ate any, so my kind friend wrapped it up, and said excitedly, \You have an awesome lunch ready for work tomorrow!\"""" And I didn't have the heart to tell her that there was no way I'd be able to warm it up.\n\nIt's too bad... they were very friendly, it was reasonably priced, and it was a cute little place.  My dining partner seemed to enjoy her dish... maybe it was just a bad night for the curry."""""""
"""I guess we had been \built-up\"""" too much for this new restaurant on Greenfield in Mesa. There was TONS of teenage help, but the service was SLOW for as many staff as they had. My son wanted something else after he tried the Pot Roast sandwich, but when he ordered, it was wrong TWICE. I had to go up and find a \""""Manager\"""" who looked to be at least one year older than the rest to try and straighten it out. It took some time to get it right, but finally they wrapped their heads around it. A LARGE amount of grab-ass was going on between the girls and boys and the young man handling our food kept throwing it in the window and then retrieving it again, just to give it a harder toss to see if he could get the lid of the contained to pop open??? If you don't expect much, you probably won't be disappointed. Very standard fast food and service. The sides on my 2 pc cod dinner were cold and not appealing at all. We didn't get ice cream, but hear that it is good. Maybe next time."""""""
I wanted to go somewhere I've never been before. Gallo Blanco or The Parlor? I read great things about both places but I decided on The Parlor. Walking in this place made me think of the Vig because the decor is very similar.  The food and drink menu looked great.  I was really hungry and started out with the bruschetta and a watermelon agua. The drink was light and refreshing, not too sweet, and you can tell that they use fresh watermelon juice instead of that pucker crap. The bruschetta mix had a sweet taste to it that I didn't like but nothing that salt and pepper couldn't fix. My sister ordered the grinder and I ordered the pepperoni pizza because our waiter suggested it. I took a bite out of my sisters sandwich and it was very plain but the french fries were awesome. My pepperoni pizza was greasy and burnt. I wasn't impressed. The Parlor didn't live up to its hype and everything here looks great but doesn't deliver.
"""Great selection offset by their terrible customer service.\n\nI've been here a few times, usually to pick up some small thing or another. The first time, I was looking for a digital caliper and a very small allen wrench. I had to track down three employees before one knew how to look for it in the computer. One actually took me back to the aisle I was in, and said \Huh, it's not here.\"""" Ya think?!\n\nAfter the last time I went in, I won't be back. When I found the hardware employee (an older gentleman) and explained what I was looking for, he laughed at me and said he couldn't help. Several other employees walked by, none of them particularly concerned about anything. One was even holding his vest instead of wearing it. \n\nGo to ACE instead."""""""
Standard scottsdale decor and house music playing.....so I knew what to expect. Had pan fried pork potstickers. The wraps were straight up rubber. The filling was like well........wet cat food. I have personally wrapped a few thousand of theese AND cooked them and this was a poor attempt at best. Our food hit the table 30 secs later. Kudos the chef for the timing. Mongolian beef was good. I like the thick slices of beef but a little overkill on the scallions. Now desert. . Ugh.....flourless chocolate cake. Staight out of the box and fridge. No bueno. Not to mention our waitress said they messed it up 3 times in back. Then dumped an astoundingly gross amount of raspberry on plate and got it out 15 mins later. Our server was nice and did her job....and thanks to the bartender for the grasshoper! They are the only reason I gave 2 stars. Wont be back for that food at $14 bucks a plate! Im goin back to totties!
"""Ok, lets be honest. Casinos are places of desperation, seedy experiences, lost dreams, and just downright hilarity. I love casinos. I am in no way a compulsive gambler, addict, or junky of any sort so I feel my reviews of casinos can be quite frank and honest from an outsiders perspective.\n\nThis place sucks!!!\n\nIt is filled with people hooked up to respirators with their filthy wigs and blue hairs. There is nothing \bling\"""" about this place and its genuinely old, dirty, and depressing. \n\nThe slot machines are a haven for old timers to pump away their social security checks and their grandchildrens inheritance. The machines don't pay out and when you win more than 200 bucks it has to be hand delivered to you. \n\nIndians casinos always suck  - this place is no exception."""""""
"""El Hefe - Macho Taqueria. Man...\n\nAt first glance it looks like every stereotype you've ever heard about Scottsdale. At second glance you realize that it is, indeed, every stereotype you've heard about Scottsdale. It's a \Mexican Restaurant\"""", so when I was there I tried a few of their tacos that were on happy hour. I'm giving two stars because the duck taco that I had was pretty good, but once the food got to the table it took me 4 minutes to figure out which tacos were mine because of the way they present the food. More on this later. \n\nEl Hefe has a cool in-table tap system, where you pay at the table and can pour your own beer. When I saw this I liked it a lot, though they only offer two beers, and it's not cheap. After the \""""cool\"""" factor wears off, you realize that you're paying extra to pour your own beer. Not so cool. The upside is the fact that I get beers for myself much faster than the servers at El Hefe did for me. \n\nThe booth seats are covered in plastic, in the style of your great grandmother. This is assuming, of course, that your great grandmother commissioned Ed Hardy to design her living room group. The ambiance isn't my style, but I'm sure that a lot of people love it...The biggest issue I had is the way the food is brought to the table. They start you with chips and salsa. It seems hard to screw up chips and salsa, but it happened here. The salsa comes in small jars that are downright weird, and they make dipping your chip absolutely impossible. You need to be a salsa MacGyver to figure out how to get the right amount of salsa on your chip...It's strange. After pushing some salsa around with a chip on a small plate for a while, our food arrived. Apparently, when you order tacos, they come 5-6 at a time, placed on wooden slabs that are roughly the size of a Las Vegas buffet. Our server couldn't remember who's tacos were who's, so we played a game of musical tacos (and wooden slabs) until we all figured out what we'd ordered. When a group of 4-5 orders 10+ tacos, you end up with 2-3 giant wooden slabs on your table and a very confusing family style presentation. \n\nLike I said before, the duck taco I had was pretty good, and I hear good things about the BeerRita. However, unless I'm dragged against my will by a large group of people, I don't see myself returning to El Hefe anytime soon."""""""
"""Groupon: Fail. New York: Fail. Deli: Fail. I am pretty sure most New Yorkers would try this place an tell you to Fugeddaboutit and leave it at that but a yelper shares.\n\nI judge a deli on a few things: the meat, the bread, the sides. Being jewish and from the east coast I hold \new york\"""" deli's to a higher standard and judge them on corned beef/pastrami, potato salad, rye bread and pickles. You get those right you have a happy camper, wrong and i'm cranky. I got the I Love New York which is Corned Beef and Pastrami with Swiss and spicy mustard on Rye, probably my favorite sandwich and potato salad anda  kosher pickle.\n\nLets start with the main course it was fair and that is being very favorable. The meats were a bit overcooked but nice and hot and had decent flavored and the pastrami had a good amount of pepper to it (which i like). However it was very greasy and soaked the bread and made it slick...not good. The bread itself wasn't bad just generic rye you would buy on the shelf at any grocery. There also wasn't enough mustard on it or much meat probably double the bread to meat on a $9 sandwich. Compared to Chompies where its a nice thin slice of rye and piles of meat. Overall edible but not that enjoyable.\n\nNow the sides where I decided this place struck out like A-rod in the playoff's. I have never had potato salad that was so bland. I am normally not a huge fan of white potato salad but i do enjoy it. This was probably less exciting to my taste buds than a baked potato with no toppings. I tried dumping on pepper to no avail. Next was the pickle which was a whole \""""kosher dill\"""" and from a new york deli i expect something a bit more more than vlassic out of a jar but that is exactly what i got.\n\nFor the money (and for the record i spent $2 on the groupon) this place just doesn't cut the mustard (pun intended). Better options exists for this stuff like Chompies or Goldman's Deli up in scottsdale."""""""
I went about 2 weekends ago for the first time with my husband and a few friends, all adults that do not have kids. I was very shocked at the price of admission and games, being that Castles N Coasters has very few rides and a so-so mini golf area. \nThe atmosphere was mixed, children playing along side adults. I would almost have peed my pants when I saw how many wonderful arcade games there were inside the two-storied gaming area, but then I got a whiff of the odor.......something of a mix of B.O. and feet? In addition, I was doing great on 2 different games, still on my first 2 credits on each, when kids literally pushed me out of the way, exclaiming it was their turn!!!! \nIf you are like me and my group, childless with little patience for kids, this is not the place for you. Splurge on the more adult friendly Jillian's and grab a beer for me there while you're at it. On the other hand the food was cheap and descent and, the kids seem to love this place. There must be something to it, right?!
"""I actually yelped this restaurant from my brunch table and my blackberry wouldn't post the review.  So, will try to capture the original intensity of the yelp.  I still love my blackberry and maintain it is better than iPhone, by the way!\n\nAnyway, anyone who knows me well appreciates the importance of toast in my life.  When I moved to Phoenix to work for a catholic hospital, my best friend bought me a \Jesus toast\"""" stamp which puts an imprint of the Mary which appears better when the bread is toasted.  I guess she wanted me to fit in.\n\nSo when I told my waiter I was having a \""""bad toast experience\"""" and he blew me off, you can imagine the impact.  I ordered the oatmeal as well as the basket of toasted willow breads served with a variety of jellies, Nutella, honey etc.  My oatmeal came out with over-buttered, grilled bruschetta-style toast; that's it--a plate with a bowl of oatmeal and 3 pieces of bread.  I asked for flatware, then brown sugar and milk, then inquired about my basket of willow bread.  The waiter said, \""""this is the toast that comes with your meal.  I reminded him of my order and he brought me some jam.  I decided to stop complaining (cus I had been making ridiculous requests like being served what I ordered and having utensils).  I put jam on the \""""toast\"""" and it literally tasted like they had grilled it in bacon grease.  Meanwhile the table next to us (the only other occupied table in the restaurant at 10 am on a beautiful Sunday) was getting their cranberry walnut and sourdough bread, perfectly toasted with all the accompaniments.  I told the waiter I wanted toast like theirs and that mine tasted like pork (still a veggie after 25 years) and he said again, \""""this is the toast that comes with your meal\"""".  My friend was getting embarrassed, so I gave it up and left.  How hard is it to bring a girl a new piece of bread?\n\nOk, now all the anger is stirred up... I must say that My florist is one of my fav weeknight spots and their pianist is first rate-amazing.  She truly plays from her soul and her personality shines through in her interpretations of classic songs.  I have been there since the \""""toast experience\"""", but make my friend arrive first to look for the waiter with the ponytail!"""""""
The BF and I went here this morning after thinking about trying this place for awhile. Let me start by saying that in order to look at their menu online you need to download adobe reader and even then, no prices are listed. That was my first semi complaint, but I figured it would be good, so I shouldn't worry too much about that. So we got there at around noon and the place is cute, big patio and all. We were seated and got water from the very nice bus boy who works there. Our waiter came by and we both ordered coffee, I got the fire island eggs and the BF got the biscuits and gravy. When we got our coffee we were assured that the food would be out shortly. Well...I don't know what shortly means to them, but we waited a good 20 minutes or so for our food. Not so awesome. The BF's coffee was empty for about 10 minutes of this time with no offer to refill and no one around to ask. We get our food and mine was alright...it's chicken in a cream cheese semi spicy sauce on 'pizza' bread (kind of thick...not really crusty, but whatever). The flavor was just very one dimensional and the dish got boring after the first few bites....it was kind of too rich, which isn't something I would generally say. The BF's biscuits and gravy were not good. He said they tasted like a pizza hut meat lover's pizza. The biscuits were not light or flaky and the gravy was just one note...spicy. Plus, the gravy tasted the same as the potatoes that came with it (kind of like peppers)....so it was a big plate of one flavor, and not even a very good flavor. Additionally, and not necessarily the restaurant's fault, there were tons of flies around....they kept landing on our cups and it was somewhat annoying...maybe the trash needs to be taken out more often? Or maybe it's because people had their dogs at this restaurant, which I think is somewhat gross...I don't know, just not so pleasant. So the waiter comes by and takes the plates away and then we sit and wait...and wait...and wait for our check. I don't really understand this because I would think that he would have wanted the check as soon as possible, but maybe he knew he did a poor job and had given up on our table. Either way, after ten more minutes or so we got the check and paid cash to avoid the inevitable long wait if paying with a credit card. The total was 27$...that's pretty pricey considering the quality of this meal...feels like a waste of money to me. So if you like having all of your food taste like peppers and that's it and over paying for that experience....this is the place for you, otherwise, I'd say skip this place.
I've been in this store several times but I've never bought a thing.  It's the kind of place you could go into and buy a cheap accessory to match your outfit, but it's not necessarily the best quality.  They have jewelry, purses, shoes, other accessories and clothing.  I have to admit, it looks kind of cheap, but could probably dress up the right outfit.\n\nI believe they have 2 other locations opening soon (perhaps Mesa and Chandler).\n\nNothing special, but lots to choose from!
As Arik mentioned in his review, this place can make some good pies. If you're looking to pick up a pie or grab some dessert, this spot can be a good option.\n\nAs far as dining here for lunch or dinner, it's nuthin special. American cuisine with no real surprises. They have an ok salad bar & can have some good soups (cheesy potato!) on hand, depending on what they made that particular day.\n\nThey have just about zero vegetarian entree options on the menu. If you're a veg head dragged along to this place for a meal, you'll probably have to custom order some pasta with veggies or get creative in another manner. I'll be trying my best to avoid the place for meals, but meat-eaters might find something enjoyable...
"""Very good margaritas (although tough to discern quality after your first one is down the hatch) and pretty nice guacamole... sorry, but I make it better. The first time I went to this place, I felt it was an amazing experience, and by far the best chicken tortilla soup I have ever had, followed by one of the best carne asada plates I have ever had as well. So I recommend it for a business outing, which gets everyone excited. Drinks are fine, orders are taken and the guacamole begins to get prepared table side. As soon as we begin to dive into the guac, the soup arrives. One of our guests was in the restroom, and his soup was served while he was away. BAD, BAD waiter. Hot, cold, warm dish... whatever, you do not serve an empty seat. \n\nWhile enjoying our soup, entrees come out and were placed right next to our arms on sizzling hot plates. No one was even half way through their soup. I was furious and felt obligated to quickly shovel my soup so I could bring the dinner plate to my front and eat. \n\nOur waiter came over to clear the soup bowls and asked how dinner was and if he could bring anything. \How about desert right now\"""" I remarked, and unfortunately, he did not get the sarcasm. \n\nFood = 4 stars \nService = 0 stars"""""""
"""Terrible service!!!! If you want to wait years for your food only to get the order messed up, please eat here.  Or, you may have items completely forgotten. Find something you love and can't live without, like one of the signature rolls or martinis? Well they won't be the same the next time you come. \n    We've eaten here several times and each time, the rolls have either gotten smaller, were missing some key element (i.e. sauce) or never showed up altogether. Martinis have been the same way. I understand this is a new restaurant and they are trying out new things, but come on.  \n     They also have this reverse happy hour where your bill is 50% off.  The food should NOT reflect this discount. We have dined here both during the reverse happy hour and at full price times, and the food definitely decreases in quality. \n     After giving it one last shot, we were once again disappointed with the service. The owner's wife has been nice up until now. They are clearly understaffed and it's difficult for them to keep orders straight. My husband had a piece of ginger in his drink, and it wasn't even comped! He was actually charged for the one she replaced!  When questioned about it, she had the nerve to ask if he was sure he hadn't had the extra drink. We were also charged for sauce that last time had come with a roll, and when he asked about it he was told it was \decoration, and what's the big deal, we are getting 50% off anyway.\"""" Upon hearing that, after having sat for half an hour waiting for food that was never on it's way in the first place, we were pretty annoyed. On our way out she was rude again. We never would recommend this place to anyone, sad since it does have good food most of the time, when they can get the orders straight and make things as described on the menu. \n     We won't be dining there again. Try Ra or Tanked Fish. The people there make the effort to please the customer, and they aren't even the owners."""""""
I was so happy to find a boba place right around the corner so I wouldn't have to drive several miles to Lee Lee's or Asiana if I didn't feel like making my own.  I requested an iced soy latte boba (like I used to get from my old fave Eba Cafe) but they couldn't make a latte.  I settled for an iced green tea with boba (brewed, not powder). \n\nThe boba had a nice, chewy texture but was totally flavorless.  They were also skimpy on the amount of boba that went in the cup.  The tea itself was bitter (my guess is that they let it brew too long).  All in all, I wasted my five bucks on that and won't be going back again.
I was very disappointed by my last 2 visits here. On one visit I was served cold beans and rice, like from the fridge cold. It took almost 20 minutes to get new beans and rice, and they were still barely warm. No apology, no nothing.\n\nWent again to get my favorite chicken mole tacos, and they were barely warm. My husband had their marinated shredded pork in a burrito and got sick after taking the first bite. This must be an acquired taste, it was gross, really gross. Then I found what looked like a gray slimy booger in my rice. When I pointed it out to the server he took my plate away and came back saying it was an onion!! No way was that an onion, or even a close relative of an onion. No apology, no asking if i want something else, he just came over, slammed the bill down and said we didn't charge you for your food, so don't worry about it, and walked away. \n\nI know mistakes happen, but own up to it, and at least TRY to make the customer feel good about the situation.
"""Really loved the Dr. but the hygenist we saw (both times with my older daughter-age 6) highly encouraged me to \wait in the waiting room\"""" while she took her away for procedures because \""""kids do better when parents aren't around\"""". I wouldn't allow it- but think some parents may not know that they can and should ask to be present during medical exams/procedures involving their children. The hygenist's here need a little training on \""""family centered care\"""" and need to put their own conveniences to the side and not act as if parents are in the way. Cute, kid friendly environment- but the staff needs to match the decor."""""""
I've never checked in at this airport, restricted entirely to layovers. What stands out, however, is how many fellow fliers I spend time with complain about the check-in service and security. I don't know what's going on from that side, but I hear it time and again.\n\nFrom my side, I can't help but notice that I have to change gates nearly every flight thru there. Since I'm usually sleeping, I've been lucky to wake up shortly before the announcement with time to make the gate-change. As has been noted in other reviews, the terminals are far apart and gate changes can be rather drastic.\n\nOne big positive is the lack of arm rests on the seats. This makes it real easy for a peep to catch up on some quality nappage. There are also a lot of places to eat or drink at, all with the standard airport mark-up but with at least some variety. This 'port makes for an acceptable layover, but I've so far been able to avoid checking in here and suggest the same.