A Humane Society store at the Biltmore?  Interesting.  I had seen an adorable chihuahua mix at the Humane Society's webpage, and headed over to check out the little dog and the store.  They sell a variety of toys, treats, leashes, collars, and foods- in short, they sell a little bit of everything.  There's no tax, and if you adopt a pet from them they will give you 10% off the price as a thank you.  When I went there were 4 dogs up for adoption, a rabbit, and a wall of cats.  The little chihuahua mix was hanging out in the store with another little dog, so we got to play with them for a little bit.  The staff were friendly, and weren't pushy or hovering.  \n\nIn the end, we did end up adopting that little chihuahua mix from here.  He's the sweetest little dog ever.  Thank you Petique!
The tire pressure light came on a day or so ago, so I had my husband fill the tire with more air. Took it down to Discount Tire this morning, and apparently I ran over a hunk of metal a few days ago. Although it was pretty busy in there, they fit me in and had my tire repaired in about 30-35 minutes. Cost = $0. Totally awesome. And they didn't try to sell me new tires! Love that. \n\nPlus one of the technicians in the garage was singing so loudly to Lady Gaga that he could be heard in the waiting area. Very entertaining. :)
Found this place looking for a taqueria on line. I wanted authentic mexican food. NOT taco bell! I found exactly what I was looking for. I got the Carne Asada burrito. It was bigger then Chipolte's for $2.00 less! The asada was very good and lean, no fat. I was staying in the area for 5 days and found myself eating here four times! Very friendly service and clean. My son said he knew it was going to be good even before we walked in because of the mexican music playing outside, and he was right! TAQUERIA MI CASITA ROCKS!  I will definately find my way back here again.
I was so excited when I saw this place opening. We moved here from California so this was yet another thing we left behind. Fortunately all our favorites are slowly following us here. Eventually California will fall into the ocean and we'll have beach front property and we'll be set. I digress. \n\nThis BevMo particularly is really well stocked and large. Larger than a lot of California ones and the people here are all really helpful. If they don't have something in stock, they can order it for you and get it in pretty quick. They used to have a great bar in it with wine and beer tastings but it's gone now. Some problem with licensing - I'm assuming liquor license. I can empathize with the bureaucracy. I just filed our quarterly taxes and its driven me to drink - hence BevMo.\n\nEven if you have nothing in particular to buy, take a walk through. It's like Disneyland for adults. Unless you're a Mormon. Then it may not be for you. But if you're not, it's great. (Special bonus - HUGE selection of tiny liquor bottles to stash for lame dry wedding or to keep on hand for general times that require tiny bottles of booze.)
"""This was also my first play, sad I know! Although I missed the first half of \The Clean House\"""" I was lucky enough to find someone that caught me up to speed! We got seated on the lower level left balcony very close as soon as I sat down I pretty much laughed thru the rest of the play, it was a great story! I had no idea there was cussing in the theatre! The cast was excellent, I am also a fan of Felicity La Fortune (Lani) she appeared in a soap I used to watch I thought she was fantastic!! I missed the Wicked Bakery & Gelato spot stuff afterward's no worry's Wicked is near by and I am planning a visit soon, like tomorrow lol! Seeing the play was a treat all by itself a good time was had! Thank you Yelp and Gabi!!"""""""
Carlsbad Tavern is my favorite Mexican restaurant. I love the dark and cozy atmosphere inside and I love that they have Hoegaarden on tap.. I've had the machaca burrito and fish tacos here and both dishes were amazing. They serve New Mexico cuisine here. The only difference I noticed is they are big on green chile and use black beans instead of refried beans. I have a lot of friends from New Mexico and they all love this restaurant. The food here is delicious and flavorful if you don't live in the neighborhood it's definitely worth the drive.
I like Chinese food. When I lived in San Francisco, I lived in the Inner Richmond (before it was run over by the Hiptards, when it was a fun Chinese neighborhood), and would go to various restaurants with a friend, Chinese, so we got taken care of all the time.\n\nNow in LA, it's more about Korean and Thai, but I still love my Chinese food.\n\nI flew in to see the parents, and we headed over to Joyful for dinner. The parents have been there a few times, and a friend of theirs is a NY'er who is fanatical about his Chinese food, and he goes once a week. \n\nSpoke to the wait staff, from Hong Kong and Macau via Vietnam and then Los Angeles. They have Cantonese and Mandarin style, as well as a few Thai and curry dishes.\n\nWe ordered egg rolls, vegetable egg rolls, vegetable egg foo young, beef chow mein and chicken moo shu. All were amazingly good, and fresh. That's the key: really, really fresh.\n\nThe chow mein noodles were homemade, nice and fresh. The beef was a nice quality, and thick pieces.\n\nThe moo shu, for me, was the best. They hand roll the crepes in the back, coming out in tightly wound roll. The chicken and vegetables were nice and fresh, white meat. And the extra hoison sauce was perfect.\n\nAnd they give you almond cookies and fortune cookies at the end, which isn't really Chinese but who cares. :)\n\nAll in all, it's a four and half star place. The fifth star, however, is to offset Lauren. Sorry you didn't get utensils, but really the food is much better than 2 stars. And, the hotel should have been able to supply you with fork, knife and spoon ... just tip the bell boy $2 and you would have been set.
AMAZING FOOD! Yes there is a long wait (2-3 Hours sometimes) but if you can't find any friends that you would like to spend a few hours with next door at the bar drinking wine and eating a cheese platter and some olives, then maybe you should just call for delivery and stay in your cave.  The ingredients are minimal on your pizza but you can' TASTE the freshness, and that beats all greasy and heavy pizza in my book! So come prepared to wait, but Bar Bianco, which is less than 20 steps away will help entertain you while you wait. Food and service are exceptional!
Last night we attended the  summer night time activities for kids held on Fridays  form 6-9 during the summer. We had a great time, the kids had water  blow up slides to play on , water play , Phoenix Youth theater acts, \nfun  family music.   They have only one more Friday left this summer, so come out and have fun. There was a lovely breeze by about 7:00  and the sun  stopped heating it up. \n\nAlways love the zoo, they seem to be getting more and more exhibits and animals.  I recommend going at the beginning of the day or end of the day. That's when many animals come out to play , feed and  water. \nLast  night we  saw the family of wild dogs playing and hanging out  also saw the cheetahs which was  a treat , they usually hide to camouflage .\n\nThe zoo is equipped with clean bathrooms, lots of places  for breaks and hanging out. We have had two birthday parties there and the kids loved it. \n\nThe kids wanted a ride on the tram which was nice in the evening , we learned new facts from the guide and a little about the Zoo's work on keeping many animals from becoming extinct.\n\nMy 9 year old and my best friends 10 year old have been coming here since they were 2 and 3 . They love coming here and never seem to tire of it\n\n We visit the zoo about every two months just to check out what the animals are doing.  You can bring in your own food, wagons, bikes and stay all day . For little ones there is a huge tree house to play in  and a water splash place for summer.
Oh...my...lanta! I can't believe I haven't visited this little gem sooner! It's nestled atop a Pei Wei and Starbucks so I wasn't sure what to expect.  But from the moment I walked up the dimly light stairway and into the bar, I knew it was going to be a great night.  So first off, they open at 4 and happy hour is until 7pm.  (20% off everything on Sundays!!). They have a huge selection of different booze and brews and their specialty cocktails are definitely something that sets them apart from other bars.  I loves me some Moscow Mule, so when I saw that they had one on the menu (in a real copper mug!!) I ordered one immediately.  It was so tastilicious that I had to order a second.  For my next drink, I tried the Retro Cooler, which in my opinion, is as cool as it gets...think Matthew McConaughey in Dazed and Confused.  It's a mix of St. Germaine (Elderflower liquer) with Champagne and a lemon twist.  It went down the ole' hatch super easy, though, so be careful!  The second time I enjoyed this bar I ordered the White Rabbit (no...it's not vegan and they don't have a milk substitute...I cheated!)  It has Godiva White Chocolate liquer, horchata, stoli vanilla and some other yumness.  This one tasted like candy and I drank it in about five seconds.  Anyway, besides the drinks, they also have a few light snacks like hummus, artichoke dip, etc.  The vibe in this place is super chill and I really dig the way the bar is set up; the backdrop has big circle cutouts with yellow lights behind. There are comfy couches and high top tables and of course seats at the bar.  I almost felt like I was going to see Shane and Alice from the L Word walk in.  On our last visit, it was pretty busy as it was a holiday weekend and there was a dj.  The people of SideBar definitely know what they're doing and I will certainly be back!
Love this place!\n\nI'm vegetarian, but my friends and family aren't. It's great that True Food has plenty of options for both, plus those who are gluten free. I highly recommend the TLT sandwich (tempeh, lettuce, tomato) with sweet potato hash or the hummus plate. The hummus plate is enough for your main meal or to be shared with 2-4 people.\n\nThe pricing is decent--it's what you're going to pay anywhere else in Scottsdale. The only time I had an issue with the service was when they first opened and had snobby hostesses, but I haven't had that problem again. The weekend wait at night can get annoying, but at least they offer free wifi to pass the time.
OHHHHHHHHHH BABY!!!! I love me some InNOut Burger.  Growing up in Arizona we didn't have InNOut Burger, so when we went to So Cal to visit family, the daily trips to InNOut were like mini vacations within our vacation.  You can imagine how happy I was when they started opening them in the Valley.\n\nI absolutely love this place.  Try something off the secret menu.  3x3, 4x4, animal style, well done fries... grilled cheese! yup!\n\nThe service is always good, the restaurants are always clean, and the food is always fresh.  Can't ask for much more.
This past weekend, I finally had a chance to try the brunch at Postino on Central. I went as part of Smunch, my monthly brunch meetup. I was really looking forward to this, as the reviews I'd read were glowing, and Postino did not disappoint!\n\nI started brunch with a delightful peach bellini, and my wife and I shared an order of walnut toast with brie and fresh berry compote. The berries and brie were a fantastic combination and the bread was yummy, toasted lightly to add a bit of crunch.\n\nI had the French toast, which I'd heard from Georgie S. was good enough to bathe in. It lived up to its reputation, as it was warm and soft inside without being too well done on the outside. It was served with creme fraiche, berry compote and sliced strawberries. It was an altogether delightful take on a breakfast classic.\n\nFinally, I finished the morning with a glass of honey cucumber lemonade and a cup of coffee. The lemonade was absolutely wonderful, light and refreshing. I'm sure it's magic during the hot summer months, but even with the winter weather I found it enjoyable. The coffee is from Lola Coffee a local coffeehouse and roaster. It was slightly more bitter than I prefer, but I accept that I'm an unrepentant coffee snob, so I rate it as perfectly acceptable for a restaurant setting.\n\nFinally, I have to commend Postino for handling the 30+ Smunch attendees very well. Troy (the manager) had set up four tables, but the group quickly expanded to seven. The staff, especially our excellent server Jenny handled everything with grace and a smile. I was also impressed that the kitchen staff was able to turn out so many simultaneous orders while keeping the quality high.\n\nThe only problem was with figuring out the bill. Instead of doing separate checks or checks per table, we had three or four checks which each contained the orders for several people, but we weren't sure whose was whose. In the end, we got it handled, and since this was a special situation, I didn't feel that it should take away from the five stars I feel Postino deserves.\n\nOverall, Postino brunch is a resounding success!
Great dim sum!  Go on Sunday for brunch/lunch!\n\nFavorites that I always order:\nShrimp dumplings\nBean curd rolls\nShrimp or beef noodle wraps\nSnow buns for dessert\n\nIf you're brave, try the chicken feet.  It's a traditional plate that is delicious as long as you can get over the fact that you're eating feet.  If you're Asian, you should have been born over it.  haha\n\nDrink tea with your dim sum!  It's not right any other way.\n\nThe owner/manager comes around during dim sum time to make sure you got all the goodies you wanted.  If not, he goes and grabs it from the cart especially for you!  How nice of him!\n\nI've been here for dim sum, with one occasion for dinner.  Everything was tasty!  There aren't as many traditional choices that would be found in the bay area or LA (California), but this is the best place in the Pheonix/Mesa area for Chinese food so far.
"""WHY did I not order a Stetson Chopped Salad for myself instead of opting to share it with my girl?! BAD BAD choice, on my part. Once again, after 2+ years of not having one, it blew my boots off.\n\nWe made reservations and they seated us as we walked in the door at our appointed time.\n\nOur server, Gabe, was extraordinary- attentive and on the ball.\n\nWe split the Stetson Chopped, had an order of \Crispy Mac N Cheese\"""" and the BBQ ribs with the cherry BBQ sauce. The mac n cheeze was okay, a little dry, though they did provide a nice salsa thingy to moisten it up. The ribs n cherry sauce, OMG!!!\n\nWish they would sell the Stetson Chopped and ship it to me in San Diego... I am sure they would for a price, eh? I'll let you know how that day goes."""""""
"""I can't believe I've lived in the East Valley for 2+ years and only just heard of this place!  My 4 year-old son and I visited today and had a fantastic 2 hours - free from whining and complaining - and FREE of charge!\n\nThis is a great spot to take kids ages 2 - 12 on a hot summer day for cheap, educational entertainment  (I'd say the sweet spot is ages 3 - 8).  There are 2 separate areas, one designed for kids under 5 and the other for 5 - 12 (but I saw kids from 2 - 12 in both areas).  The younger side features large, soft stacking blocks, bouncy horses to ride, a large & well-stocked play kitchen and living room, a play stage, and a coloring area.  \n\nThe 5+ side has at least 8 different craft areas to create different projects with tons of mixed media, glue, pipe cleaners - you name it.  There are puzzles and cutouts to stack and create art sculptures, a vet's office with lab coats, scales, and stuffed pets, animal costumes + a video screen, a sticker project, origami art room, musical instruments, and I'm sure there are things I'm forgetting.  There are also live animals in the \Extreme Pet\"""" exhibit I'm told - but the schedule wasn't posted online and they weren't there on our visit.\n\nThe first Sunday of every month is free from 12pm to 5pm and there is ample free parking on the street and in city lots.  Some of the complaints from previous reviewers don't make a lot of sense to me, but to each their own.  My son had a great time and can't wait to go back!"""""""
First time here a week ago. The atmosphere is fantastic ! We came during dinner (around 630PM) and the place was packed but everyone was friendly and so was the service.\n\nWe ordered 4 different bruschettas. I was originally intending on ordering a panini, but one of my sorority sisters suggested otherwise. A few other sisters vouched for their bruschetta, so the bf and I didn't think we'd go wrong there. All of the different kinds we tried were delicious! So much that we ordered another 4 with our 2 favorites. Can't go wrong... just pick one! Or 4... since they come served that way.\n\nI wasn't feeling wine that night for some strange reason, but their cucumber lemonade was sooooooooo refreshing. Yes, that many O's.\n\nNew favorite stop-by-when-we're-in-town place.
I don't understand anyone not loving this place.  It destroys Honey Bears and Big City BBQ.  The guy who owns the place resembles Michael Clarke Duncan and is extraordinarily friendly.  He gives us free sodas often and used to break my balls when I wasn't over-the-top gentlemanly with my girlfriend.\n\nThe food is relatively expensive, but he gives you a large volume.  You'd have to be a big boy to finish the entire thing in a sitting.  The brisket melts in your mouth.  The rib meat falls off the bone like it was never attached.  Yes, it's fairly greasy, but the food is absolutely delicious.  The sides aren't anything special, but they are good.  The meat earns this place five stars, along with the character of the guy who owns the place.\n\nThe atmosphere is somewhat minimal, but I actually like it for that.  It's just a simple bbq place.  You get jars for your drinks, and the tables have traditional picnic table cloths.
"""This is one of my very favorite stores in the Valley!  The first thing I always do, is make my way to the back to the grocery section.  They've got foods from all over the world (that you won't find at TJ's or AJ's) and delicacies that take me back to my travels.\nNext, I do the wall decor.  I've gotten some really cool iron hangings for my living room.  \nNext, the furniture!  I have been shopping for bedroom furniture for 2 months and I always make my way to Cost Plus World Market.  The prices are REALLY reasonable (and it's real wood!) and they have a delivery option.  \nI call the style of this store \funky urban\"""".  I prefer it over Pier 1."""""""
This is my all-time favorite hangout/ coffee shop/ work-out-of-the-office place in Phoenix. The coffee is fantastic (and so is the green iced tea), and everyone is super friendly. But THE thing to go to FTC for are.... \n\nthe vegan brownies. \n\n\nI'm not a vegan; I love most meaty things. But if all vegan food could taste this good, I'd plaster Phoenix in PETA stickers.\n\nOnly downsides: chairs are uncomfortable, and there aren't enough outlets. But if you get their early enough, neither are issues at all.
"""I can't add much to the great reviews, except I had to rave about Little Saigon!\n\nI've tried a few Vietnamese restaurants on the west side, then my hubby stumbled across Little Saigon on his first trip to Yelpland.  Located in charming downtown Glendale only two miles from home, we went there on a Saturday night.  There is a generous patio with lovely twinkle lights, and you can hear the music from the coffee shop across the street.  The interior is bright and cheerful, with, I think, 3 rooms.\n\nThe place was almost full - always a good sign, and a very friendly waiter seated us and took our drink orders.  The menu is generous, and the prices reasonable.  We shared spring rolls and potstickers.  Best spring roll ever, methinks: not too much lettuce as filler, delish pork and shrimp that tastes like it once swam, with a light peanut sauce that does not overwhelm.  The potstickers were also great - generously filled with tasty pork and veggies, complimented by a mild Asian BBQ sauce.  We were off to a good start.\n\nHubs, who is new to Vietnamese cuisine, and who gets props for trying, chose a pan fried rice noodle dish with meat (at least chicken and shrimp) and veggies.  He thoroughly enjoyed it, generously offering me one bite, and pretending not to notice when I stole a couple more.\n\n Just as my bench-mark dish for rating Thai restaurants is Pad Thai, my dish for Vietnamese food is Bun Thit Nuong (or Bun Thit Heo Nuong here).  My bowl had all the right stuff: tender, flavorful grilled pork (not a speck of gristle - a first in Phoenix!), lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, and julienned cukes, vermicelli and sauce.  I love the sweet, vinegary sauce that comes with Bun Thit Nuong, and my sweet server told me the ingredients.  It was simply so very good.\n\nLittle Saigon has the whole package:  clean, cute, friendly and attentive service, and excellent food.  We can't wait to go back and try some of the other things on the menu, and mentioned in Yelp reviews.  Can you say \Yum, yum\"""", Dum Dum?"""""""
Expensive. Small. Filled with talent.\n\nWalked in with a ten minute browsing mentality, on our way to the airport to head back home to CA, we stopped off to buy a cupcake next door...and spotted this ultra-cute spot. Absolutely NO intention to buy anything...but I can't pass up a boutique crawl.\n\nSo how did we rush out 15 min later with two pairs of butt-hugging William Rast jeans for him and two extremely sassy dresses for me?? \n\nThe fabulous female duo that runs this place! They got talent. Quickly dressing my hub in what looks good on him, and tossing me a pair of heels to go with the dress I was modeling in front of the 3way, they knew how to make the most of the short time we did have and make it work. \n\nDresses 50% off and jeans lookin' way too hot, my wallet lost the battle with my inner fashionista. I wish these ladies had a shop near me....they had ridiculously cute stuff and tons of it.\n\nWait, my bank account says maybe not. But anyway, Happy 5 Year Anniversary to us...we deserve a splurge!
I went to the new 'Nous' with my girlfriends a couple of weeks ago and we had a blast.  Of course there was the standard no card, and a $5 cover that Friday night, but it was well worth the ATM fee.  \n\nThis is the kind of place you can hear some blues, reggae, soul, and disco to boggie the night away.  I preferred to drink a mixed cocktail and do the twist for most of the night and had a fabulous time.  There is limited seating and it does get crowded (with good reason), so arrive early or plan on spending your night on the dance floor!  \nThe staff is straight forward and they get the job done well, music is top notch for Phoenix, the capital of non blues bar having cities..! have fun!
I wish I had tried this place earlier! It has quickly become my go-to place for pizza in the Valley. I really like Oregano's, but they are better known for their specialty pizzas and when I crave sausage pizza they aren't my number one choice. I've never actually eaten in-shop as I always pick it up and take it home, but they are prompt and I've never had to wait for it to finish. There is seriously something addicting in their sweet sauce, because you definitely start to crave it after a while. I wasn't quite sure the first time I had it, but I've quickly come to love the taste.\n\nI tend to go between the Mama's Signature, the Combo, and the Sausage and Peppo, but I've never had a bad pizza. Way better than the chains! I've found it even reheats better than most.
"""I have been wanting to go to the Phoenix Art Museum for a long time now.  I just kept showing up on days they were closed or days when they didn't open until much later than I got there!  \n\nThey're closed on Mondays and Tuesdays and their hours are longer on Wednesdays.  Also, on Wednesdays, entry is free for everyone from 3P-9P; they just ask for a donation.  Kids under 6 are always free!\n\nLuckily, I was able to make it in today with my daughter.  \n\nThere is a current Paper exhibit that is pretty cool.  There is a papier mache sculpture exhibit by a Tucson artist that is veryyyyyy spooky.  There are dresses made from newspaper and the yellow pages.  There are lithographs of pop art you may recognize.  \n\nI liked that the museum houses a good balance of fine art and modern art.  I am not too keen on pop art, but DD is.  Her favorite piece in the whole museum was \The Artist who Swallowed the World,\"""" by Erwin Wurm.  She couldn't stop talking about it and remembered it by name.  She made sure to ask me what each piece was named, though sometimes she would dart to the next piece before hearing the answer.\n\nMy favorites were mostly in the fine art area.  I especially loved looking at all the old portraits.  Sometimes I felt as if they were alive.  If only the movie Night at The Museum was nonfiction!  But, seriously, the old masters really had a gift for painting their subject's gaze.  Fascinating!\n\nI also loved seeing the old bathing suits from the 20s and 50s and the old Naval uniforms.  I would LOVE to have a vintage bathing suit.  In fact, I might scour Etsy for one now!\n\nWe both loved the museum, even though I would have preferred to spend more time there.  DD was seeking quantity over quality today.  Perhaps I will get the chance to meander here another time with another adult!"""""""
I love this place so much I would love to move to the area and volunteer. I came here to get my therapy pet which happens to be a guinea pig named Clark and while we were there we could not resist a rat named ratatouille so we snatched her up as well. I could not help but take forever looking at all of the darling pets and feel so sad that I could not take all of them home with me. The employees are very much as in love with pets as I am and you can tell that each and every one of them is an avid animal lover and not just some person who is working there because it's a job to them. \n\nThe person who helped us let us take our time petting each pig and getting a feel for each animal. He even played with the rat for what seemed like an extended amount of time. Don't expect to waltz in here and waltz on out of here in 15 minutes, you really want to make sure you feel a connection to the animal so just sit there and play and hold the animal. The employees will tell you all you need to know about the animal's history and demeanor. Plus they want to make sure that they are going to suitable homes so you will need to fill out an application and if you live in apartments make sure you go and adopt while your apartment complex office is open because they will need to call and make sure that you are allowed to have pets in your complex, no exceptions.\n\nThe staff is so friendly and we were even able to purchase an extra cage for $12! If you know small animal cages you recognize that this is a steal for a new, moderate sized animal cage. The facilities are very nice for an adoption center, there is a gift shop for your new pet so you can pick up beautiful collars and pet dishes ect. I think you even get a discount when you adopt a pet. Each animal has their own section and there are rooms where they will put in in with the pet and play with them. As I was leaving I couldn't help myself and took Clark out at the car so I could cuddle him, an employee was going home and stopped and chatted with me and was very nice as she was happy to see Clark going home. I also like that they provide you with a free vet exam and expenses paid (if needed) up to $500 for any conditions the pet might have although they are thoroughly taken care of at the shelter. The appointment just needs to be made within 5 days at any VCA hospital that they will give you a flyer for in your adoption packet. I will be back here again.
"""This place has a big sign outside that says \n\Under New Management\""""\n\nI'm not sure how new the management is, or if the old management sucked... whatever.  Don't really care.\n\nI totally dig this place.  $3.99/lb of live Fiji rock, AWESOME!\n$7.99/lb of live Tonga rock, HUZZAH!\n(I got 20lbs of live rock, and when I brought it home and set it up, all these little starfish and shrimp climbed out of the rock! )\n\nI'm new to the marine aquarium world and I like that the guys here totally love saltwater tanks, talking about them, giving advice, etc etc.\n\nThey've been very helpful, and have super cool fishies to stare at too!\nI like a lot."""""""
Yes, I know, this is my 2nd update so I'll try to make it short & sweet. \n\nI bought a Groupon about a week ago & decided to use it this past Saturday when the hubs & I were trying to think of a place to have lunch. I got the chili cheese dog this time & it was delicious! Cheese burger & onion rings were freakin yum as usual & I have to say the fries were better this time around. We went a lil crazy & got 4 additional sodas, along with the 2 we had during lunch, 2 root beers, 2 cream sodas & 2 orange sodas. I also have to add, since this was our 1st time dining in, how clean it was! They had a girl at the register this time & she was super sweet.\n\nWe love this place!!
I love this place. I have had at least 8 screws in my tires over the past 6 months and they have patched them all for me for free! I did have one instance where my tire was beyond repair and not only did they offer me a credit for the old tire, they match a competitors price for a new tire that was similar and I ended up with a new tire for only 20 dollars! \nThey are fast, understanding of my time, and reliable. I will never go anywhere else because of how great they have always been!
What can I say?  This is my favorite place in the world to eat or drink.  I don't know where to begin.\n\nAt both locations whether it's busy as all hell or dead, we are always seated pretty promptly.  \n\nThe beer is top notch.  Kiltlifter is my #1 favorite beer of all time.  I've tried them all and they are all very competitive but Kiltlifter takes the cake.\n\nOnto the foodies.  Without a doubt, any burger on the menu is going to be monstrous and delightful.  Mushroom and Swiss is my backup but I've recently fallen in love with the Jalapeno burger.  It's cream cheese, roasted jalapenos (not spicy) and onion straws.  For $9 you can't beat it.  I really haven't strayed away from my favorites (I tend to stick with what I love) but anything anyone has ordered on the menu, there has never been a complaint.\n\nWithout a doubt, if you are just visiting for a day or two in Tempe or Scottsdale, this is the place you want to go for lunch or dinner.  It will save you on the pocketbook and you'll leave with a smile on your face.\n\nThey also play wonderful music and have lots and lots of television.  I have also never had to wait longer than 5 minutes to sit at a table.
Blue Nile has great raw food.  This is important,, because there aren't too many places available to get raw food now.  Although it is bit pricey, having raw food available is important, due to the role the enzyme plays in the human body.  Raw food will cure cancer and make all other degenerative diseases go away.  It is true.  Read about it.....\n\nSince Rawsome Cafe of Tempe, which used to be in the old Coop on University, just west of Mill, I have had to go to Pomegranite which is all the way in Ahwatukee.  \n\nThank you Blue Nile.  Your Ethiopian food is good too, but I'd love to see that raw food menu expand.....
Dining at Roaring Fork was enjoyable. The decor is warm and cozy, with an upscale vibe. Our large group was accommodated for on the patio, and since it was happy hour, we were quite a demanding bunch.  The service was a little slow, but all drinks and food came out perfectly. \n\nI had trouble deciding what to order because everything looked so good! I split the Big Ass Burger (a huge ground chuck patty with cheddar cheese, peppered bacon, thick-cut tomatoes, pickles, and onions) and a kettle of fries with a couple friends. I also had the mixed greens salad (field greens with candied walnuts and feta, with some sort of vinegarette). The ahi tuna looked really good, as did the fish tacos. I also heard raves about the green pork chili. \n\nSo many amazing options & a great atmosphere--I'll definitely be back soon!!
I've been coming to Fair Trade Cafe ever since my move back to Phoenix in 2010 when I was living on Portland.  I met a friend here for coffee, at his suggestion, and have been coming here ever since.\n\nFor awhile, I spent three nights a week here either meeting about my book or writing it.  It was such a relaxed atmosphere and the employees were the nicest coffee shop employees in town.  \n\nSince moving to Ahwatukee, I have not had much occasion to visit the cafe.  Recently, I have been downtown more frequently.  I've popped in three times in the last week just to read.  \n\nThey now have the rewards terminal for Belly next to their register, which I've seen popping up at small businesses in town.  They have bigger tables.  They have gotten rid of their retail offerings (apparently they were collecting too much dust).  Their pastry case has been removed.  \n\nBut other than those basic changes, Fair Trade Cafe is essentially the same.  It is a great local cafe where you can get basic eats (today I had an egg and cheese croissant) and good drinks at a fair price.  And you can feel good doing it, too.  They support fair trade practices.  \n\nI've tried a few other local coffee shops in town and they're just not for me.  The vibe here at Fair Trade is relaxed.  I feel comfortable sipping on my soy hot cocoa or Italian soda at my own pace as I read a book.  I don't feel rushed.  I feel only the utmost relaxation.  \n\nIf you're working on a project, having a quick meeting, writing a paper (or a book) or just want a place to pop in to get away from the hustle and bustle for awhile, Fair Trade Cafe should be your place.\n\nThis place reminds me so much of SF Bay Area cafes.  It's just like home!\n\nA side note: One of the owners, Stephanie, is one of the nicest people in Phoenix.  She is such a genuine person and I really wish her every success in growing her business.
I love this place.  I have visited it a couple of times and last time was for restaurant week.  Everything is great. I love the sauteed prawns with pineapple salsa and for the sides my favorites are the jalapeno creamed corn (can't get enough) and the cheddar mashed potatoes. On a previous visit I had the Pernil Asado, really awesome.  For dessert I like the Horchata bread pudding.  The place is very cozy, just a few tables inside.  I am so happy we have nice weather now, so we can sit in the patio.  Can't wait to go back.
STAY HERE! - Truly a hidden gem!\n\nIn an age where service is gone, personality has been lost, and most everything is either overpriced, disappointing, or corporate and cold, FIRESKY is unlike anyplace else. Is it absolutely perfect? No, but it is almost perfect. Do they strive for perfection in a very sincere and personal way?- yes!\n\nThis is truly one of the best stays you could imagine - in Scottsdale or otherwise. The staff is friendly, and anything that might go wrong is addressed immediately. The management is seriously killer. They are in it to win it, and clearly they are establishing a reputation as truly personal, service oriented, while creating an intangible positivity and sense of well-being having to do with the actual human interaction that radiates through the place. You won't want to leave. Can you actually be homesick for a hotel? Yep. \n\nSpecifics- the afternoon gratis wine is a nice touch, and encourages guests to convene late in the afternoon.. Met some nice folks while getting our glasses filled. The pool areas are fantastic.. The small sand 'beach' is addictive- it's like playing in a Zen rock garden in the water. We had some local friends stop by for cocktails in the lobby bar- they brought their kids so the Wii in the lobby was heaven sent. The loungers and cabanas are appointed very well, with fantastic pillows and such. I could go on and on. But you will love the people of Firesky as much as the place itself. If you are a stuffed shirt, who demands a cookie cutter, corporate polish, stay elsewhere. If you want to feel good, really good, stay here. Special thanks to Gail and Cheryl for their professionalism and warmth.
Ok, so first for the bad: \nSo the first time I went there was when some friends invited me.\nThey were already at the restaurant, I was still in bed at home in Avondale. I showered, dressed and drove over there...they were still waiting for a table. In fact once I got there we waited another 30 minutes for a table. that means my friends were waiting over an hour and a half for a table.\nMy other complaint is that my potatoes are always too burnt, even when I tell them not to burn them.\nThey are closed on Monday (you would have thought I would remember this the first two Monday;s I came to eat here)\nSo now for the good:\nEverything else! I love the food!\nThe Chop & Chick and griddle cakes are my fave for breakfast and for lunch I love...well just about everything!\nCan't wait till I move back so I can go again!!
I have been a fan of Joes BBQ for a long time now.. so when I heard about this place my expectations and excitement was huge!'\n\nSure enough the drive over from north west mesa was worth it. Everything from the parking on the unique looking pavers from the tall trees said this place was special!\n\nThe friendly young lady at the counter tossed out a suggestion for the Buffalo chicken sandwich and I went for it. Now here is the kicker.. I firmly dislike anything that has to do with blue cheese.. So when i received my amazing looking platter and inside the burger there it was I almost took it back.\n\nI tried it anyways rather than order something else or scrape it off.. and WOW. My taste buds loved it! My girlfriend knows I talk a lot.. well I was all but quiet for once as I finished every bite lol\n\n\nWhile out side the place has a very warm, back home, family feeling, just a very positive experience! I was told this place was amazing, looks like Ill be saying the same thing to others!\n\nOne thing I was hoping for on the wonderful drink station was the red cream soda you have at the BBQ rest.. but the tea was well enough to put away my dismay.\n\nHome run for the joe's crew, this place brings it all together :)
Sat at the bar and had absolutely wonderful service. Boy does that make such a difference. Friendly and knowledgable without being intrusive. \n\n We did happy hour. I had a flight of their house beers. Really liked their Hefeweizen; crisp and tasty. \n\nWe had the wings buffalo style M with blue cheese sub for ranch. My wife didn't like them saying they were soggy. I thought they were ok but rather scrawny. They need larger ramekins to dip in too. \n\nI had the 5 meat deep dish and I was astonished how good it was. Really thick with the meat. \n\nAgain bartenders Edith and Corey were outstanding. If we lived near by I would come back just for their service.
"""I recently moved to a couple blocks away from the Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe, and naturally wanted to check them out for carry out.\n\nIn the two short months I've lived near them, I've dined in once but have gotten no less than 20 carry out meals -- they're THAT GREAT (IMHO)!  I've always loved steamed and lightly grilled dumplings, yet 99% of the time restaurants use super thick, gummy wrappings and also charge $7-8 bucks -- Cherryblossom uses the thinnest wrappers I've ever seen, and charge about half the going rate; they're absolutely first class, like everything they serve.\n\nOne may think it's kinda odd for what appears to be an Asian cafe serving Thai as well as sushi, as well as ITALIAN dishes too -- I sure scratched my head on that one!  BUT, it's like the staff says: \we serve these different dishes with our own Japanese flair\"""".  How true.  I love Pad Thai, yet their way of making it is no different than how many households make their own versions of things like meatloaf... There's always an abundance of meat, tofu (that's fried prior to tossing it in) and things like snap peas, yielding one of the best \""""non Thai\"""" versions I've ever had.  I've tried over a dozen of their dishes, and all I can say is I've never not enjoyed anything they've made for me to date.  I've yet to cross the proverbial line and order an Italian noodle/pasta dish, but that's only because in my being of Scicillian decent, I NEVER go out for Italian, simply because there's few that will ever compare to what my family made for us.\n\nAnd, the entire staff is as great as the food they serve, and the whole place speaks to quality, from cleanliness to the ambiance.  I truly believe that if you don't like the CherryBlossom, you're probably the type of person who can find fault with just about any restaurant.\n\nThey also always have loaves of blueberry banana bread for sale in the waiting area, and almost always they're still warm from the oven. I bought one to bring to a friend's house who made dinner, and it was almost as good as what my Mom would make -- and that women knew how to cook!\n\nFive stars is my rating, and I don't toss out stars like that often."""""""
Dr. Wood is an amazing dentist. He is friendly, knowledgeable and cares about his patients. He never makes me feel rushed when I am asking questions and he makes me feel at ease in the chair. I have never felt pushed into making any hasty decisions on major dental work. \n\nHis staff is just amazing as well. Everyone is friendly and they greet you by name. When they gave me a referral for an orthodontist, they provided me with all information that I needed and also offered to send any information over to save me time. Liz, the dental hygienist, has always done my cleanings and she is such a genuinely sweet person. She always takes her time and I feel great when she has completed the cleaning. \n\nThe exam rooms and front office are clean and modern. I feel very relaxed when I am in the office, either waiting or sitting in the chair. All machinery is never outdated or worn. I tell everyone how great Dr. Wood and his staff are all the time!
We visited just to see the Chihuly exhibit.  The traveling display had been to Phipps Conservatory in Pittsburgh and I thought was would be great to see it in the desert.  It was more amazing than I could have imagined.\n\nFirst off, I did not realize that there were so many different types and species of cactus.  I wish I was a local, because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this, but the different types of cactus are so beautiful!!  I must have taken a gajillion photos!  Also, we happened to go just before sunset, so it was very nice to wander around the gardens after dark.  Plus, the Chilly glass looks amazing all lit up.  A must see in Phoenix!
I needed my clutch replaced and called everyone from the dealership to chain repair shops and speciality shops. I saw Mr Mechanic and decided to call and see if he could quote me a price. I spoke to Tim who was very nice and had no problem speaking to me over the phone answering every question I had. Not only did he quote me a price over the phone (which most of the places I called refused to do), he was also by far the most reasonably priced. Tim also scheduled a Saturday appointment to work around my schedule. Once I dropped off my car I also explained that my daughter had dropped coins in my cd player and my radio and door locks no longer worked. He mentioned that he'd take a look while he was working on it. \nNot only did he replace the clutch, he also repaired the short in my electrical and removed the coins from the cd player. When I picked up my car EVERYTHING had been fixed and my oil and air filter had be changed and all for less than most of the quotes I had received to just replace my clutch. Tim really takes the time to explain everything in language you understand and is quick to do what he can to accomidate you. I was also impressed with not only the one year warranty on my new clutch, but also the 6 month warranty on his labor. Just give him a call and have a chat with him about your car. Im sure you'll feel the same way I did when I decided to use him. No more chain shops or dealerships for me, I've finally found an affordable mechanic that I can, dare I say it, TRUST! Thank you Tim, I will be back again and again! I also took 5 of his business cards to refer my friends.
So I guess I have nothing to compare my experience to, but thanks to a Groupon I got to take a peek at Circle 6 Studios for an introduction to glass blowing workshop. What a cool, random, spontaneous thing to learn! I would recommend this experience to anyone! \n\nIt is a little scary to be near a ball of melted glass that is burning hot! But the instructors are very nice and thorough in their explanations, so you will know what to do. They also keep a close watch over everyone to avoid accidents. My intro class made a glass flower. The whole process of making the flower probably took under 2 minutes, but learning the techniques and getting everyone in the class to do it took about 2 hours. Classes are usually $50 but $25 on Groupon and Living Social right now. \n\nI would recommend closed toed shoes. The studio is hot from all the glass heating so no need for a jacket! The studio is behind a house, there is a sign on the side of the road. Pull into the driveway and park in the back, you'll see it! \n\nThis was a cool thing to learn how to do!
"""Misty S, Amanda B, her friend Renee and I went here for our own little \after party\"""" after the Elite event at Sol Y Sombra. We thought the shady rockabilly dive vibe would be the perfect compliment to the sangria and tapas we enjoyed earlier. Like chasing Duck L'Orange with a jack in the box milkshake.\n\nRogue West is what happens when a Stray Cat music video pleasures itself into a petri dish. It has the checkered floor, the loud and extensive jukebox (Madonna and Nekromantix, within a span of an hour), and the pool tables (with red, uh, carpeting, very fashionable) of a rockabilly club, and all the dimly-lit shadiness and \""""I'm so bored please order something I'm not familiar with so we have a reason to talk\"""" bar staff that you would expect in a bar that grew up with a single parent. \n\nWait, what?\n\nNormally I'm hesitant to drink at bars. It's not the booze that concerns me, or even the price of the booze, it's that whole \""""yeah, I know that the gender on my ID doesn't match the gender I present but that's totally me in that picture\"""" thing that throws me. When Ruben (that's what his shirt said anyway) took my ID to swipe it, I felt a little anxious. It was a Wednesday night, after all, and the only other people at the bar other than us were the regulars. You know, the \""""I come here to get away from my nagging wife and a job that sucks my soul\"""" crowd. Those tend to be the people that give me the most static.\n\nBut Ruben was way cool about it. It took him a second to put two and two together, but once he hid he didn't make a peep. In fact, Misty claims that for the rest of the night he seemed to be in \""""tranny awe\"""". He kept coming to our table and asking if \""""us ladies\"""" needed anything.\n\nI'm going to be up and front right now about this. Any place that addresses me as \""""lady\"""" or \""""ma'am\"""" immediately gets two bonus stars. It's unfair and its biased and I'm a rotten bitch for it, but I can't help it. Nothing brightens my day like being addressed to like a proper woman.\n\nI mean, when it comes to dive bars, service is the only reasonable criterion. You can't judge their beer and liquor because they don't make it, and if the jukebox is too loud than that's probably someone else's subtle way of telling you to shut the hell up. \n\nRuben made stiff but flavorful cocktails and kept coming to our table and refilling our drink orders.\n\nWe were so impressed that Misty S left him a \""""California Tip\"""", which is what I say whenever I want to both praise her for her generosity and tease her for holding the West Side to Bay standards. \n\nI am a cruel mistress."""""""
Any of you who read this who have ever been in love will be able to relate:\n\nThere's a first pang of distress, when the knife blade pierces the skin, when you know you are in for some pain.  But the endorphins kick in and you realize that you are in for more than you ever bargained for...\n\nAt los betos, after a few (5, 10, 20?) drinks, I had the sad misfortune of ordering a carnitas burrito at 220 in the am.  And what did I receive, but the most delectable delight ever served in the pinche madrugada ( rejoice, all my spanish speaking compa\u00f1eros, a cuss word or two to titillate you).  The carnitas were cooked to a perfect crispy exterior, while the innards burst forth with a cornucopia of spices and flavors that made my very synapses fire indiscriminately with glee.\n\nBut, not to be outdone, heartburn would make its own dastardly play for my overwhelmed nerve endings, tearing me from neck to knave with pain.  Did I stop, even for one excruciating second?  Yes, but only long enough to pour on more green sauce, villainously spicy in a way that no beto, be it fili, rol, or eri, has ever been.  Nay, I succumbed to the sweet agony of picante and used that to goad me forth into the foxhole against the onslaught of acid reflux.\n\nEach bite brought both more pain, acute, dire, and relentless, but also a sweet symphony of flavors that can only mean guacamole and green sauce replete with all the accoutrements.  I fought, and fought back hard, and what I can tell you is this:\n\nNo burrito has ever caused me such pain and yet no burrito has ever granted me such pleasure.  Like a sine curve, plunging predictably from zenith to nadir and back again, los betos has given me the pleasure--nay, the honor, of feeling every physical sensation known to sentient vertebrates.\n\nFive glorious, painful, resonating stars.  Five harrowing yet riveting stars.  Five supernovas, five black holes, five big bangs of taste.  The world has never known anything like what I have just experienced.  You too can have what I had... all it takes is intestinal fortitude enough to jump in the car with a beer bong and head straight to thomas and hayden.  Oh, and leave the zantac at home, puss.
I love TJs!  They have so many great products at fair prices (not Wal-Mart cheap, but fair and much better quality foods).  Nearly everything in the store is organic or, at least, a better choice than the usual junk you find at Safeway or Fry's.  Although I suppose it's possible, you'd have to look long and hard to find high fructose corn syrup or transfats here.  What you will find is a ton of great dry goods (TJs is my trail-mix supplier), a reliable house brand, a limited variety of affordable organic produce, great frozen goods with real ingredients rather than chemicals, tons of great snacks, protein powder, vitamins and supplements, great teas (I love their Earl Grey!), and their famous affordable wines.  \n\nYou'll spend more here than you would at Wal-Mart but way less than you would at Whole Foods and you'll feel a lot better.
Nobuo combines unique, delectable dishes with an intimate, historic atmosphere. The setting is an old turn-of-the-century wooden house called the Teeter House. It's small, but there's darkness and mystery added to the atmosphere. The izakaya style of dining means that the dishes are tapas and are meant to be shared between those in your dining party. The experience at Nobuo is unlike any other dining experience I've ever had. The fact that it was a flawless experience with an atypical meal in an atypical setting makes me happy to award Nobuo with 5 stars.\n\nI had late reservations at 9PM and wandered through Heritage Square to get to the Teeter House. I love the fact that the area is surrounded by historic houses built over a century ago. I love going to places with history, which is probably why I love New York and Boston so much. Heritage Square in Downtown Phoenix has converted historic houses into popular eateries. Our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived so we waited outside on some comfy seats on the porch. To be honest, I wouldn't have minded eating our dinner out on the porch looking out into the square, but the tables and rooms inside enhance your experience here at Nobuo. When our table was ready, they came out to get us and they sat us inside right next to the front door with a window to the porch where we were just sitting. Since the restaurant is in a house, there were different rooms that diners could be seated in. The house had the one original restroom, which had a large sink and a new toilet that I'm sure isn't from the 1800's. \n\nOur server was friendly and explained to us about the style of dining, izakaya, and that two people typically order 6 dishes. When we finally decided on what we wanted to order, we went with the following dishes:\n\n-Kimchi ($6) - By no means was this traditional kimchi... it was even better! More like a salad than anything, but the taste was similar to kimchi. I think the sesame oil made the taste of traditional kimchi less intense, but at the same time even more delicious.\n\n-Grapefruit & Hamachi ($14) - An interesting combination of sashimi, grapefruit, and avocado on four separate spoons. The white truffle ponzu oil and grapefruit gave this tasty treat its' bite. Our server told us that the dish was meant to eaten by the spoonful, as in, taken in one bite. The combination was so delicious that I wish they gave us more than four spoons.\n\n-Yellowtail Ceviche ($14) - Boy, I feel dumb actually thinking that they would give us traditional ceviche. This dish was much like the Grapefruit & Hamachi in the way they were meant to be eaten. Four separate spoons with yellowtail, myouga, sesame seed, with shredded taro on top. It was amazingly exquisite and I can't even tell you whether the yellowtail ceviche or grapefruit & hamachi was better. They were both put together so well, each of them had their own creative and unique taste.\n\n-Seabass & Mushroom ($14) - It came steamed in a neat little paper boat. The seabass was steamed to perfection and was surrounded by enoki mushrooms (I think) in a sake soy sauce. The seabass was good, but the mushrooms in the sake soy sauce made the dish even better.\n\n-Pork Belly Wrapped in Banana Leaf ($14) - The Pork Belly and Rice came out baked inside the banana leaf. The rice was sticky and had a great flavor to it. It was the typical white rice and the pork belly wasn't typical either. It was good, but this wasn't my favorite dish of the night.\n\nI must say that Nobuo is an experience I'll remember for a long time. I can't even remember that last time I was completely blown away by cuisine and atmosphere. The dishes are pricey, but expect to get a wonderful experience of divine cuisine with an unbeatable ambiance. If you're ever in Phoenix, you must try Nobuo at Teeter House.
"""This was one delicious and festive event!  I don't know if I could pick the \highlight\"""" of the evening, because the entire thing was amazing.  We were served so much food we were fighting off a food coma by the end of the night.  Every bit was delicious... the house made mozzarella, short rib, calamari, Brussels sprouts, beef carpaccio, filet mignon, red velvet bread pudding, champagne, a selection of wines... I could go on.  We sat across from Jessica, the sales manager of Tanzy, and she was a wealth of information about the foods we were tasting.  We failed to heed her warning to pace ourselves, but I regret nothing.  \n\nIt was a lot of fun to see everybody enjoying themselves wearing Christmassy hats, and later we had a good time with the White Elephant gift exchange.  All-in-all, it was a wonderful Christmas party.\n\nI can't wait to go back and see a movie at iPic!  We took a quick tour of the theater, and I promise you, there will be a review about the experience to come.\n\nThank you Lindsey, Tanzy and iPic for the top-notch night!"""""""
while in AZ visiting friends i was introduced to the yard house. wow! i wish there was one in michigan. this place was amazing. i couldn't stop staring at the bar. i wanted to try them all!\n\nthe beer menu is slightly overwhelming however i managed. i chose a flight to start out and because i have never 'tasted' beer before. it was quite fun and there were some interesting brews. i was not a fan of the apricot beer and the apple cider was ok at first but then got to be too much. \n\nthe one beer i did enjoy was the breckenridge agave wheat (i'm pretty sure that's what it was called i had to google it). it was excellent. \n\ni ordered the avocado swiss burger which was amazing and the fries were killer. i tasted some sweet potato fries which really really good, i will have to order my own next time!
My wife and I live in Prescott and were down for the weekend. We decided to go to the Chandler Mall and found this great frozen yogurt place right there in the mall. \nIt is really good stuff. If you are in for a great treat that is healthy and refreshing, you will want to hit this place. It is located near the food court as you are walking into the mall. You can't miss it. \nThe flavors are awesome and lots of variety to choose from and toppings galore!\nOcean Blue is smooth and creamy and I love the self serve design.\nThe staff there are friendly and helpful too! You will love it if you are looking for the healthy alternative for a ice cream styled treat!!
OM Heavenly G!!!  Who knew fried chicken and waffles went so well together!!!  My daughter was in heaven!!  She loved her chicken and she doesn't eat much meat at all but the crispy fried chicken had her knawing on the bone.  I ate my entire plate and so did my daughter.  And she has been asking to go back ever since.  And the sweet tea....YUM!!  It was just right, not overly sweet.  I don't know that a place like this exists anywhere in the Northern CA/Bay Area but someone should open one!  For now this is one reason I'm glad I live in Phoenix.....I will be a frequent customer.  \n\nThe inside feels like you walked into someone's house and I never would have known it was there since it's in a non descript part of town...kind of industrial.  We got there pretty early and by the time we left, the place was packed!  \n\nI have been craving this chicken since we went there...I know we will be back!!!  And often!
I used these guys to put in some French doors to replace some aging sliding-glass doors at our home.  They did a great job, and you can tell the doors are of good quality material.\n\n-- Updated: They were really cool about coming back out to help with a crazy scorpion problem we were having.  They helped seal the doors extra-tight, which is great.  At least I know the little beasts won't be getting in through the new doors.  GREAT service after the sale.
Good food at good prices. This place has been our favorite local Greek food restaurant for a few years now. It has recently changed management. I've been here twice since the change and the chicken pita seems about the same. The previous management was good, but it appears to still be family-run and the service is still great. I wouldn't be surprised to find out the new owners were previous customers that liked it the way it was. They have only made a few minor changes here and I think they are improvements (i.e., real plates and silverware). Give them a try. We want to keep them in business!
"""I was down in Arizona for a dental seminar. After a long day,, My friends and I decided to hit the mall(Mekong Plaza), Luckily, We ran into a newly opened Filipino/Hawaiian Resto. This place is a \MUST\"""" try.  The food was EXCELLENT, YUMMY and the servings were HUGE!!!!  But most of all \""""GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE\""""  I can only wish we have something like this kind of \""""Mom and Pop\"""" resto in northern cali.  We had a great experience and I \""""HIGHLY\"""" recommend it.  I promise you will keep coming back for more.  :-)"""""""
"""What's not to love about Chick-Fil-A? The original chicken sandwich and waffle fries is the best combo and compared to other fast food options, its not terribly horrible for you.  But,if you are really trying to be good, the grilled chicken sandwich is good.  You can ask for no butter on the bun and order a side salad. If you really want to be bad, they have yummy brownies and ice cream.  \n\nAlso, the people who work at Chick Fil A are so nice and friendly!  They always say, \my pleasure\"""" instead of \""""your welcome.\"""" See for yourself!  They will refill your drink and clear your table and ask you you're doing.  Its like fast food with sit down style courtesy.\n\nWe all complain that Chick Fil A is closed on Sundays, but I like it because it makes the other 6 days  that you can go to Chick Fil A even more special!  Haha!"""""""
"""Nooooca... na na na na Nooooca. The Kinks... that's what I was going for. It was was the song I was singing in my head when Cookie and I stopped in the other night for a first time in a long time. It was so frickin good. I told Cookie that I felt like a Noca virgin again. Eliot contributed to that sentimental feeling by forgetting our names (that look of \I know I should know your names\"""" was priceless), but we can forgive him even if we did bring him chocolate and macaroons from Pierre Herme in Paris. Did you detect the sarcasm? Anyway, I kid. The dinner was fabulous and is one of the few restaurants (maybe 3 in Phoenix) where I don't ever think \""""I can make this at home\"""". Not that I am a chef either. I'm just an arrogant jerkface sometimes.\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca.\n\nImpeccable ingredients, complexity of dishes and unique flavor matches make creations that are really unmatched. As the French might say, \""""Muchas gracias!\""""\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca.\n\nLike some reviews say, the adult beverages are not cheap. The lists lean towards the high-end, but this is a high-end restaurant. I never mind the food prices and accept that wine is pricy, but like any other restaurant, the prices creep closer to retail as you go up in quality and price. Yes, I know that high price does not mean better quality.\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca.\n\np.s. The website still needs help... My computer, phone and I hate PDFs.\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca."""""""
I have been waiting for this place to open. The decor is really nice comparing to those Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix. Finally good service at a Vietnamese restaurant also. The food is great. I had the shrimp and pork springrolls. The dipping sauce was perfect with it. My hubby had the eggrolls.He enjoyed it as well. Happy hour was great. I had the bbq pork vermicelli and my hubby had the Pho. We both enjoyed our dinner. We definitely will return back.
"""Since the early days of TCBY to today's self serve shops, I am a huge frozen yogurt fan.  I'll be honest, the yogurt itself doesn't stand out at any particular yogurt place, but there are a few differences that I think make Yogurt Builderz my top choice. \n\n1. Flavor Availability - YB offers 10 flavors at all times and typically keeps all the really popular ones (Oreo & Oatmeal Cookie) in the rotation consistently.  \n\n2. Freeze factor - yes, I said it.  At some shops, the yogurt is too melted, others it's too frozen.  YB's consistency is usually great!\n\n3. Neighborhood hangout - YB has created more than a yogurt shop,  people want to be there to hang out with their family and friends.  I think that's because the owners treat people like they  want to be treated.  Free Wi-fi and ample seating are great perks too!\n\n4. Giving back  - YB does community nights to support locals schools and organizations.  \n\n5. The crew - Many are students who are friendly, polite and regularly talk to customers.  They keep the store nice and clean and have speedy, helpful service.  \n\nI love Yogurt Builderz so much I go there up to 4 times a week.  I think it's a great store and I wish it much success.  If I was signing their yearbook I'd write \Don't ever change\""""!"""""""
Such a beautiful venue. Since October 2012, I have been 3 times: once for the Day of the Day performance and twice for the Nutcracker. Every time, I am wowed by this place. The performances are beautiful, engaging and well done, employees are friendly, and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. \n\nThere is a gift shop, couple of bars, and bakery that serves coffee, as well. I also like that there is a desk where you can check out a booster seat for small children. Very helpful.
"""Went here with a group of five.  We called ahead to reserve a table outside just because the weather was so nice, I assumed it would be packed.  It was packed, but our table was waiting.  We had beer, wine, bruschetta, and a few paninis to split.  The food was great, but the ambiance is really what this place is all about.  There were adults, children (but no screaming), dogs, and just happy people involved in their own conversations.  The setup of the place is great, from the lighting, to the layout of the tables, to the friendly service.  I can see that this will quickly become my new \hangout\""""."""""""
My favorite breakfast spot, by far! You can't go wrong with anything you order, but my favorites are their eggs benedict, their english harvest omelet and their breakfast salad. It's a good family restaurant, but if you are bringing a group on a weekend morning, call ahead so you don't have a long wait! The staff is always great, and usually the owner is there, seating guests himself! \n\nTip: You can order reduced portions of their omelets and a half order of the breakfast salad!
Lombardo's Gelato is no longer in the Fiesta Mall.  They are in Arizona Mills Mall and Metro Center Mall.  Their gelato is absolutely amazing.  When they say that it is a certain flavor, you can guarantee that it will be that flavor.  It is all natural, no preservatives.  If you have an opportunity to be where they have a location, I highly recommend you trying a sample.  Try as many as you like, you will not be disappointed.  My favorite is the pink grapefruit, but coconut and pineapple are wonderful as well.
Five stars for a fast food place? Hell yea. This is pretty much the only fast food place (other than In-N-Out) that people actually like instead of eating at strictly for convenience. (That said, it's still fast food.)\nYou can either drive thru, order in your car, or eat outside on picnic style tables. The kids meals make for a great snack (who doesn't like a free toy?) and the coneys are ahead of their time as far as AZ is concerned.\nThe real killer, of course, is the huge variety of drinks, slushies, etc. If you go during happy hour you can get a whole crowd of people large drinks for just a couple of bucks.\nDon't go expecting fantastic food, but do go in lieu of just about any other fast food place.
I LOVE Kincaids! Especially with the updated decor and menu, you just can't go wrong. Not to mention they have an incredible happy hour. Half off all appetizers, $4 drafts (including Guinness, WHAT?!) $4 glasses of wine and select specialty drinks. This is a great place to go if you're looking for a different spot before a game or concert, even just a night out Downtown. The regular dining menu definitely doesn't dissapoint either - some of the freshest seafood and perfectly seared steaks! Clam chowder, French Onion Soup, even the salads. This place just knows how to do it. Can't wait to head back for happy hour soon. :)
Get your passport, we're going to Mexico.\n\nCan't find your passport?  Still waiting for it from the State Department?  No worries, pack your bag and head to the Ranch Market!\n\nThis place is the best!  The food court is wonderful with so many tasty dishes.  And the produce department is crazy!  2 lbs of grapes for 99 cents, 8 cucumbers for a dollar, 17 cents for a bunch of cilantro, 7 -- YES, SEVEN pounds of watermelon for 99 cents.  You can go crazy with produce and not break the bank.  \n\nThe tamales are huge and the tortillas, oh the tortillas. \n\nDon't be frightened, don't get intimidated, it's just a grocery store people!
Went to Cafe Bink for lunch on Saturday, and it was one of the best lunches I have had in a long time!  We had a bottle of chanpagne and a sandwich each.  My friend had the White cheddar grilled cheese and I had the Corned Beef sandwich.  His grilled cheese was full of flavor and I cannot tell you how great my corned beef was....We also had the french fries which have to be the best french fries I have ever had!  They are cooked 3 times before arriving at your table and served with three dipping sauces.  With our lunch we split a bottle of Baumard which was perfect with both sandwiches.  Also, the service was great.  Highly recommend Cafe Bink!
My son bought a remote control car online and immediately broke it. Since it was under warranty, we sent it to the manufacturer for repair. They fixed it, but it took MONTHS. He got it back and immediately broke it again. We sent it back to the manufacturer, and they sat on it for MONTHS. When they did send it back, it was out of warranty. He immediately broke it yet AGAIN. We couldn't send it back to the manufacturer so it sat in his closet for over a year, a sad testament against the 'unbreakable' and 'manufacturer's warranty' claimed when we bought his RC car. \n\nRecently, my wife took my son and the broken car down to Hobby Bench. She did have the owner's manual, which made things easier. The guy in the back diagnosed the issue right away. He told my wife which part to purchase. After purchase, the part was installed right on the spot. As in IMMEDIATELY!\n\nIt's been a week or two since then. My son has been having a real blast with his RC car. I know it's just a matter of time before he breaks it again. But I know that when that happens, we can take it down to Hobby Bench to fix it. No expensive shipping. No waiting MONTHS for the car to ship there and back. \n\nMy hats off to Hobby Bench for taking care of my wife and son, and fixing the issue so quickly!
"""We used to shop at the other big baby store, but we had so many bad experiences that we decided to drive the extra distance and try out \buybuy Baby.\"""" Since that time we have been lured back into the other store by gift cards and great coupons, but found that even with those attractive offers we still regretted going back.\n\n\""""buybuy Baby's\"""" service is top notch. Their staff are very knowledgeable about the safety products. Everyone is over the top helpful and nice.  We have also found that we like the products at \""""buybuy Baby\"""" better."""""""
An amazing section of light bulbs for just about anything you need. Most are in stock, reasonably priced and ready to take home. I have brought in several odd bulbs that I needed to have replaced with no markings on them - They always come through like champs. \n\nTake my advice and covert your old bulbs to LED - Well worth the cost for me just to not have to replace burnt out bulbs all the time - some of my lighting is very hard to get to and Halogens are so damn hot!
I lived in the Phoenix area for two and a half years and any time I go back, I always demand to go to Pita Jungle. Saying demand sounds like a bad thing but I don't joke around when it comes to the Pita Jungle.\n\nIt's a funky, artsy place with healthy food that tastes good and a huge selection of food and drink. Most of the time I take service into thought when rating a  place and while the service could be better, I still give this place 5 stars b/c I've never had a bad meal there. From their black bean burgers to their amazing hummus, they got it all!
"""This dinner was in everyday one of the best I've had at any restaurant.  The service is exceptionally attentive and prompt. Also they do a great job at anticipating what your needs are and meeting them before you have to ask.  I don't want to give to many details because it'll be even more special when you aren't expecting it.\nThe theme of the restaurant is very fitting for the locale. They combine ingredients and artistic expressions from the Pima and Maricopa Native American tribes, so being from they east coast this was a new experience for me but very enjoyable.   The meal started out with a creamy soup for our amuse bouche, and then I had the duo duck appetizer (they call it \the birth\""""), which included duck confit and duck foie gras. First impressions are definitely lasting because after those dishes I was very impressed and eagerly anticipating the next course, \""""the beginning\"""".  I had the suckling pig, which didn't disappoint. It was amazingly savory and tender, and it was well complimented with a fig/date side. For \""""the journey\"""" I had the pecan encrusted lamb, and for dessert the chocolate souffl\u00e9. Both I highly recommend."""""""
Let me start by saying that this is a 5 STAR REVIEW for a Sports Bar, not to be confused for a 5 star review for Ruth's Chris, or the like.\n\nAs far as sport's bars go, this is one I'm happy to go to to.  It's really big, with a room filled with pool tables, 4-6top tables where you can sit, eat, visit, and watch some games, and seats around the bar, where you can sit and watch games.\n\nAll the food is consistently satisfying. The environment is friendly and many of the folks are regulars, who have been seeing each other for years.  Great burgers and steak fries.
Wow ...have been hesitant to come back since under new management. (I new old owner, Anthony,  from high school and live sooooo close) But stopped n real fast for my green T fix, since I didn't have time to drive to my fav..xtreme bean. New owner is so nice,he took time and told me all about new menu and different.L Evening events they have started like BYOB and open mic. also live music some weekends....I will b back with my Hubbie to check out new grub offerings soon
NOT CLOSED THANK GOODNESS THAT IS A YELP ERROR! Still in biz at a faaabulous new location bigger and better than before - still the BEST Zumba classes in town - if you haven't had a Zumba class from Serina or Ryan, you haven;t had a Zumba class! And check out the Real Ryder classes if you like to spin - a whole new slant (pun intended - the bikes actually move from side to side giving you a whole body and core workout all at once.) And now they have room for retail so you can get your wardrobe workout in too! Love this place and cannot say enough great things about it!
"""No, but seriously, I love this place. I would eat here everyday if I could. \n\nEither eating in, or taking it to go, the food and service is stellar. I've had a couple different appetizers and entrees and I've narrowed it down to two favorites. The Siamese Kisses app is fricken delicious and the Pad Thai is :drool: amazing. \n\nThey do their spice level from 1 to 5. 1 being no spice at all and 5 being Thai hot. Ive ordered the Pad Thai at a 3 and a 4 and I think I prefer the 3. Level 4 is definitely manageable but it kind of burns the tummy afterward.. Which is just slightly unpleasant. \n\nI absolutely love eating here and consider them my \go to\"""" for dining out. They also have a rewards card, which for every 200 points, you get a gift card. They also send you stuff for your birthday and anniversary. \n\nYummmmmmm!"""""""
I love this place, when I visit Az I visit a lot of thrift shops on the same block but this is my fave stop. LOTS to look at! And there is something for everyone. JEWELRY GALORE, Glass, furniture, toys, clothing, sports, epherma, military, you name it, they probably have it. I was on a hunt for vintage clothing and was happy to see a few booths even though I couldnt find anything my size it was fun to look. Their postcards, stamps, paper, old photo section is very organized with chairs to sit down in to browse as long as you need. The staff is great there, its very secure and watched also so a good place to sell your items with good security. And not too mention there is another huge antique mall next door. This is a fun place to spend on a hot day.
Casey's is always one of our stops when out drinking on Mill. Love the bar staff, most of them have been there for years.\n\nA great place to day drink (when the weathers nice of course).\n\nIf youve only ever drank at Casey's, you NEED to come back for lunch/dinner one day. Their food is stellar. \n\nFaves include: Hippie sandwich (I love that they use pesto as mayo), Potato salad, Fried Zucchini, Chipotle hummus, Reuben, Classic club, Croissant sandwich, and finally their New England clam chowder.
MOJO sets itself apart from other yogurt places in a major way.\n\nthe space- it is so pretty! i love it in there. \nthe hands-free sanitizer- thank you\nthe EASE of getting a sample- amen \nmaking your dream smoothie- what a genius concept. haven't done it yet but today is tuesday. \nTwitter Tuesdays- that's whats up. \nThe ingredients are so fresh- in fact the last time I was there I saw them slicing fruit. \nand most importantly, the employees. SERIOUSLY! how in the world did you find such awesome people?!?! other yogurt shops need a lesson from yall.\n\n$.42 an oz is a bit higher than other stops but i never feel ripped off. in fact, i am now questioning how legit the other shops scales are. either way, if you go on Tuesday there is no way you will find a better deal. \n\nI always leave happy and you will too.
I've been using this branch of Molly Made for around 3 years. They are very polite, show up on time, and do a great job. I have tried two other services (as I have never had a cleaning service before, I wanted something to compare to) and they didn't do anywhere near as thorough of a job as Molly Maid.\n\nBeing a 30 year old bachelor, I only use the service when absolutely necessary to do those cleaning jobs I don't feel equipped to handle. You know, like, everything and anything involving cleaning.\n\nEven if you only use them twice a year for a little bit of an extra thorough cleaning to go along with your normal routine, I highly recommend using Molly Maid.\n\nps. All of the ladies have been very friendly and always seem to be in great moods. Unfortunately, they are usually quite a bit older than me. I keep hoping that a trio of girls my age will show up! I guess that only happens in the movies and in imaginations.
"""Don't be fooled into thinking the Arizona Science Center is just for kids. I've been both with my nephew and with fellow \big kids\"""" aka adults. Every time I go, I have a blast and it's not necessary to borrow your friend's child in order to find an excuse to go. The Science Center is equivalent to some of finest science centers across the nation with their state of the art technology, interactive exhibits and activities for all ages. \n\nDuring past visits, I've enjoyed traveling exhibits like the Titanic exhibit years ago. As you entered, they gave you a piece of paper with a name on it. As you walked through the exhibit you looked for the name and learned about who the person was. Then at the very end, there was a wall full of names and you got to see if the name they gave you survived or not. Even though I was a history major in college, I learned several new facts in this exhibit and it was extremely interactive and educational with fun mixed in! \n\nCurrently, they have an exhibit called \""""Forces of Nature\"""" where you can learn about different weather patterns, climates and how weather happens. In the middle of the exhibit you can walk up onto a stage-like area where you experience different weather patterns interactively. I won't give it away, but you could get stuck in some rainy weather! \n\nJust recently, I was giving a super secret sneak peak into the brand new exhibit launching on 9/27 called \""""All About Me.\"""" They've been working on this exhibit for at least a year if not longer and it certainly shows! The amount of thought and energy they put into each exhibit is incredible and it's an extremely dynamic experience. Throughout the exhibit, I \""""x-rayed\"""" a body and learned about different body parts, I entered a stomach and discovered the ins and outs of the digestive system (no pun intended) and there was even an intestine slide to take a ride down. I placed my hands hands on a censored area and a drum beat to the rate of my heart! Needless to say, the exhibit excited me and while I definitely am still a kid at heart, it was the adult in me who couldn't wait to come back and explore some more. \n\nBefore I go, I want to share some other favorites that the Science Center offers...the Imax and Adults Night Out! They have a state of the art, full size Imax theater on site and they show movies like Under the Sea. I am a big fan of the Imax and have been swept away into different worlds many times here. Adults Night Out is just that, where you can explore the exhibits, attend an Imax show and have a fun night out sans any children! I also heard a rumor that they might be bringing alcohol back during these nights! Let's wait and see. :)"""""""
The series of 1 star reviews below is unfair, they place only has like 30 chairs in it total, in order to serve 30 people at one sitting, they would have to close the restaurant down.  I wish there was a civil service requirement where everyone would have to work in a restaurant.  The fact that these people assume they are the judges of east valley taste is ridiculous, I would hate to be around a table of 30 people all scheming to write bad reviews of the place their still in...\n\nEnough ranting.  The service here is very nice, the staff knows the place backwards and forwards and the decor is well kept and very Northern New Mexican.  It's a little disconcerting from the outside, par for many great places in Mesa.\n\nThe food is spectacular.  This is food that it takes time to make.  Pecan wood smoked shrimp, pork abodova all take time and good ingredients to get right.\n\nWe did it right here.  Had the New Mexican Corn Chowder to start, creamy and delicious.  Margaritas are huge and very good.\n\nFor dinner I had the Taos platter, Tenderloin Rejeno, Shrimp Enchilada and smoked pork tamale.  All of which were great.  I am a huge eater and could not finish my plate.\n\nWe did have room for a glass of port, nice liquor selection btw and an order of their banana creme brule which was a nice end to a nice meal.\n\nGreat place, great way to ditch the sonoran mexican food blues.  Unless you like Sonoran cheese and grease on a plate.  These chips and salsa were great, verde salsa and multicolored corn chips.  Yes!\n\nOh yeah, also very affordable, no dish is over $20, including the great steak my gf had.
"""LOVE Trader Joe's...any of them! This one is pretty off the beaten path of \Surprise\"""" AZ, but well worth the trek as its not that busy and the customer service is personal. \n\nThe manager stopped and talked to us for a while as he noticed the HPU (Hawaii Pacific University) shirt my hubby was wearing and come to find out we had some states in common. Super nice guy.\n\nBut yeah, the products are great, cheap and as everyone knows the best thing about Trader Joe's? Awesome 2 buck chuck. =) \n\nPros:\n-Prices, Quality of products, selection\n-Seems the staff love working here OR they hire very intelligently. \n\nCons:\nThere's no Trader Joe's in Hawaii....boooo!!!!"""""""
The guys at this location are awesome!  They are very friendly and helpful.  The prices are great!  Our serpentine belt had cracks and it was $129 to replace.  I checked around on prices, and this was the cheapest.  They even allowed us to drop the car off and come back for it.  They give us a $5 discount every time we go in.  I would recommend this location.  If they think you can get it done cheaper somewhere else, they will tell you and let you know where to go.
I am sad that Lucky's is so far from where we live.  I worked near Lucky's last year and just happened to walk in for lunch.  My lunch was so good I took a huge meat lovers pie home, which was so good my husband proposed all over again!\n\nThe employees were so friendly and explained that their pizza might take a little longer than normal, but they want to make sure it's right.  I loved everything about my visit there, and was able to stop in a couple more times throughout the year.  It's about an hour drive from where I live, but the more I think about it, I think we're going to have to go get some more Lucky's pizza.  Great neighborhood pizza place!
What can you say - Cracker Barrel serves consistent southern comfort food.  All I need to drive across country are gas stations and Cracker Barrel restaurants.  \n\nThe Goodyear location is often full during popular dining times and days (Nascar in town or not) .  6:30 Saturday morning is easy to get a table.  Wait until 8:00 in the morning and you will probably get on a half hour wait list.  They have plenty of outdoor rocking chairs to enjoy the usual awesome Arizona weather while you wait.  They aren't so popular to rock away the time in July though.  \n\nI love their fried okra and turnip greens.  Not as good as my grandmother made but still worth my money.
The first time I had a pasty was while I was in Bath, not far from Stonehenge. Fast forward a few years, I'm told of Cornish Pasty Co. Dang, these things are the best! I typically call in my order and by the time I arrive (10-15 mins.) it is all ready for me to take home. Oddly, I usually do this on days when I'm hurting from a terrible hangover. Their menu, which is available online, has so many options and they all seem freaking incredible. However, when I'm hungover I usually want something very filling and comforting. So the very first pasty I called in was a shepherd's pie, then I'm asked if I want lamb (a true shepherd's pie) or beef (a cottage pie). Lamb, of course! It was so delicious it's the only one I've ever gotten. I just can't seem to bring myself to deviate and that's not really like me, especially when everyone raves about all the others. Someday. I'll surely be going back, maybe one day I'll actually eat there and enjoy the ambiance and maybe, just maybe I'll try something new. This place rocks! The service is great and they're all so friendly!
Last Saturday we left our house at 5:30pm with the house nice and cool.  When we got home later that night it was hot inside.  We have animals so we couldn't just do nothing.  So in a panic I got online to see what  we could do. That is when I cam across Empire.  When I called I was really afraid of what the price was going to be given, a service call at midnight on a Saturday.  I asked the very polite girl that answered the phone what there emergency service fee was.  Her reply made me giggle, only $69 for them to come out and diagnose my a/c.  I asked her to send someone out, they where at the house within 5 minutes of the time she gave me and had my a/c blowing cold in less than an hour.   \n\nI couldn't be happier with the level of treatment that I received. The operator and the tech where both super professional and courteous. I highly recommend this company.
Sure it's a chain, but Kona Grill is a step above the rest, IMHO.  I always start with the Tuna Wasabi appetizer.  Their fried rice is just awesome, some of the best I've had.  This appetizer combines sushi (sort of) and fried rice.  I could stop there...it's so yummy.  I've had their pizza, sushi, and desserts as well and I can't say I'm ever disappointed.  \n\nIf you are looking for an authentic sushi experience, you won't find it here.  Most of the sushi is pretty mainstream.  But it you want to get a great meal and look at a ton of hotties, you can't beat it.  Go for happy hour!  Most cost effective and pretty generous.
Oh Scratch, you have my heart. I love your delicious fresh ingredients. Your mouth watering little desserts, and that coffee is to die for. Your customer service is always great. My only issue with you, I need to be rich to eat you :( Thats okay though, this is one local business I will be happy to support no matter what the price is. The bread is always fresh, nom nom nom. I love eating chicken that actually tastes like chicken! No overprocessed chicken here. This place is definitely worth trying out. My favorite thing to get here is a vanilla latte with soy milk, and the chicken/mozzarella/pesto/tomato sandwich.. it is quite possibly the best sammich I've ever tasted. And a bit of a warning, it can sometimes take awhile for your food but the wait is well worth it.
Hula's is bringing a needed island flare to the valle of the sun.  The staff are incredible, the architecture and layout is amazing and then the food and drinks.  Oh man.  Start off with a Pink Bikini or a Painkiller to get you going.  They are perfect.  Every time I drink the painkillers it brings me back to Jost van Dyke where the drink was invented - the Soggy Dollar Bar.\n\nThen on to food.  From incredible barbecued pork tacos to juicy burgers and even vegetarian fare you will not be disappointed with the menu here.  Try the sweet potato fries at the bar while watching old Gilligan's Island re-runs on the plasma TV.  It's always a treat to go and very close to the light rail.  Phoenix could use more restaurants like this, bringing good friends together for casual dining.
I don't think much more can be said that hasn't already been said about this place. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I was sad to move from the desert solely because I couldn't come here every week. \n\nThe bruschetta is amazing. Tomato jam is hands down my favorite...sounds weird, but extremely good. You really can't go wrong with any of them. If you go on Monday or Tuesday night after 8pm, a bottle of wine and board of this gloriousness is only $20 bucks. Get on that. If you're not in the mood for bruschetta, the Tuna Melt is out of this world...order it with a side of Sierra Nevada mustard and you won't go wrong. \n\nThe brunch here on the weekends is incredible, too. Central is the only one that offers it so don't try going to the other ones and ordering the BELT sandwich, because you won't get it....but come here and you'll experience the fantastic brunch\n\nFree valet, too.
If you like spring rolls, you have to go to Rice Paper. For those of you who don't know, spring rolls are the non deep-fried type, rather, they have fresh lettuce, mint, cilantro and such inside a rice paper shell. Think of it as a Vietnamese Burrito. At Rice Paper they have it set up almost like a sushi bar. You have your choice of about 20 different spring rolls (all priced under $4). You check what you want and they make it in front of you. The spring rolls come in all types from sushi grade tuna, to fried crab, to shrimp and vietnamese sausage. Each comes with a special dipping sauce catered to the roll. If you don't like spring rolls, I recommend the Bahn Mi, which is a Vietnamese sandwich that you'll never forget served with sweet potato fries. Or try the Pho noodle soup, or even (I can't believe I'm saying this since I hate salads) the salads are great. They make cocktails infused with lychee fruit like the Lycheejito (a twist on the mojito). You can't go wrong here, and the great thing is is that everything is so refreshing and healthy, you feel great afterwords, especially on a hot Phoenix summer day.
I just went to my first show at the Mesa Arts Center, in the Ikeda Theatre. It is a beautiful venue with great acoustics. It clearly a great mix of technology and architectural style. I was very impressed. What is best to me is that it wasn't elbow to elbow with pretentious types of people which you would expect to be herded with in these types of venues. \nThis is clearly a place to see great musicians and artists. \nThe grounds and classrooms are very nice to walk and observe on a cool October evening. Look to see what they have coming, and go out and enjoy.
I've been going to VK Elle nails on Camelback since I moved here 3 years ago. I've tried a few other salons along the way but keep going back. Yes, its likely that you'll wait a few minutes for your service due to the large following they have but I can assure you that the wait is worth it. And once in the chair, you'll never feel rushed. It's the only salon I know where you'll get a 15-20 minute foot and leg massage. Try going at the beginning of the week to get in faster. Enjoy!
I called about 2 weeks before our 1 year anniversary, regarding the top tier of our cake. Kevin said no problem & that we could pick it up Saturday, our anniversary was on Sunday & they're closed. We couldn't decide which flavor to chose so I told him to pick it for us. I also asked if it could just be covered in buttercream instead of fondant.\n\nThe top tier looked so cute! They chose the white cake infused with almond flavor with almond cream cheese & strawberry fillings & it was AMAZING! The random dots of fondant were a nice touch & the cake was so moist & delicious. Can't wait to get our 5th anniversary top tier!
Stumbled upon this place last night (during First Friday) and couldn't find a sign or the name until we saw a poster hanging inside. Cool house that was built in the 20's, with the DJ up top in the loft (music was great), lots of great art on the walls and the bar has been built into where the kitchen of the house was. \n\nThey were totally packed and coudn't even get out to the back but it was really fun. Everyone  was friendly and having fun. The website says they offer 80+ beers, we had Blue Moons and some others I'd never seen before (which is always cool!). Highly recommended, especially for First Friday- the artists selling their works, jewelry, handmade goods, purses, sunglasses and more are lined up down the street near the Lost Leaf, and you can walk a short distance to galleries and the AZ Center (great place to park if you don't get downtown early).
Great food, great service! I've never been a Vietnamese restaurant as clean as this one. We were seated promptly and our waiter even helped us with our order with recommendations and making slight changes to our items as we requested. We each had an order of spring rolls and a bowl of pho with drinks. The shrimp spring roll was delicious filled with lots and lots of veggies just the way I like it. My brisket pho was absolutely delicious. I don't like rare pho meat so I got the brisket and it was cooked well with the tenderness still intact. The Vietnamese iced coffee also perfect. Never had a coffee quite as good and creamy, even better than the powder packets that so many of my friends swear by. Love it!
Cheers to Cost Plus!!!! I love coming here to pick up candles and little knick-knacks for our new home. If you're into fragrance candles check out Indonesian Teak, Tahitian Vanilla and China Pear-basically their whole candle line is amazing. I also pick up ALL of my coffee here since they have unique and strong flavors such as Italian Roast. Every 6 bags of coffee purchased earns you a free one. :D  Cost Plus is even my go-to place for last-minute gifts like photo frames and wine. As a rewards member (sign up for free) I occasionally get emails advertising awesome specials in-store and online. The cool thing about these coupons is I don't even have to print them out, the cashiers are happy to scan then from my cell.
I had lunch there on Wednesday, and I still cannot believe it was as amazing as it was. Justin Y is dead on, it is by far the freshest sushi I've ever had, and I used to live 20 minutes from San Francisco! The rolls are fun inspired and unique. The seaweed isn't overpowering. The portions are perfect! Their lunch menu is awesome! 4 pcs Hamachi, 4 pcs Salmon, 1 philly roll, a daquari and edamame, 27.00 out the door.  Great value in my book, especially for something so fresh! The guys at the bar are men of few words, but they crank out quality! I'm still beside myself with joy!
This is the best grocery store ever!  I went there today to buy one thing- mini meatballs and left after spending $50.  There are just to many good things to buy.  I love the shepherd bread.  My whole family eats meat except me so it is great to buy all the marinated raw meats or the precooked meats.  I love all the cheese... cheap eggs... organic carrot juice, greek yogurt, the pizzas are awsome, the bruschetta sauce, creamy tomatoe soup is TO DIE FOR.... frozen vegetables in a balsamic butter sauce, the white corn is mmmmmm, edamame, shelled pomegranate seeds, nuts, wasabi peas, fruit leather, wines (some really good ones for just $3!!!), non alcoholic mojito, great teas, ect ect ect. I highly reccommend checking out traderjoesfan.com and reading the reviews of the food.  You'll find new things to try no matter how many times you have been there before, I promise.
My wife and I went here on a whim after hearing about them from the car wash next door. The place was incredibly quiet...one person at the bar, no one in the dining room. We were promptly seated, and looked over the menu, settling on satay and littleneck clams to start with, then the mussaman and curry for entrees. The littleneck clams were very tasty, and the broth lively and sweet. The chicken for the satay was moist and tender, perfectly seasoned with a peanut sauce with a surprisingly light texture. I ordered my mussamon hot, but not Thai hot, and the spice gave me a workout. We finished it off with a mango mousse cake that had my wife and I fighting for the last bite. Nettie's service was friendly and warm, and definitely gave us a good reason to go back.
So you think you have no need for a professional portrait eh? I'm sorry. That's the wrong answer. Please try again. \n\nOne day I was out at a local event being overly ridiculous and crazy as usual. Tyson was there and taking a few shots here and there. The next thing I know there's a candid of me from the event where I am obviously finding something extremely hilarious because I am crazy laughing. It was such a fantastic candid that it made me want to have my picture taken and see what other magic could happen. I started thinking about not only professional photos to put in various bio pages and what not, but a photo shoot for the fun of it. I hadn't had one since my senior pictures. \n\nThe first shoot was pretty good. Something was missing though. It could have been that I gave Tyson some really ridiculous words, and it could've been that I wasn't having the best of days. Either way, Tyson recognized this and asked if minded if we gave it another try. How courteous and amazing is that? This alone is enough to give it 5 stars, but it only gets better. \n\nI think both of us came into the shoot better prepared. He realized I really was that crazy and I was having a much better day. I had talked with him a few times before the second shoot and could see how much he had been thinking about ways to improve and to really capture me. The second shoot was amazing. There were balloons, rainbows, hearts, it was truly a masterpiece.\n\nThe soft edit process is truly incredible. It allowed me to see how others view me and what draws their attention first. It also made me very excited about the shoot all over again. I finally ended up choosing three as I couldn't possible just stick to one. One of them is my yelp avatar and the other two you can see on my blog or floating around the internets.\n\ni cannot thank Tyson enough for not only inviting me back for another session but finding a great way to capture me, my personality, and what I was ultimately looking for. He truly nailed it on the spot. The shoot was so genuine, so real. Being able to play with balloons and have a decent conversation completely distracted me from the shoot and it ended up just being me, and that's what worked. I would recommend him in a heartbeat. It's not often you see someone so passionate and excited about their work as I experienced this entire time with Tyson. I also have to admit, I don't think I've ever looked this good.\n\nIt is now that I truly realize why professional portraits are a necessity. Go get some.
Place is awesome.\n\nWas in town on business for two days a couple months back and looked for a breakfast spot for the first day. Found D'lish on Yelp and ended up going there both days because the Breakfast Buzz drink was out of this world good.\n\nIt's a combination of peanut butter, bananas, espresso, chocolate, milk, proteins and vitamins, blended cold. Got it with soymilk and it was still great.\n\nSandwiches are solid, four-star worthy. But the Breakfast Buzz is six-star caliber. And the service was great. Fun, relaxing place to get some work done and they also have an unusual drive-thru, which could be convenient.
"""I just stayed here last week, and it was amazing. I had a suite (living room, dining area (with full table), fireplace, separate bedroom, and separate bathroom (full bowl of bath salts provided). I also had a patio/balcony. When I say \balcony,\"""" I do not mean a place with only enough room to stand or sit. I truly mean a patio table (with chairs) as well as a lounge chair. If I opened the little french doors next to my bathtub and opened the drapes to my bedroom, I can see the mountains as I take a bath.\n\nThe bellman drive you around on golf carts, which I thought was cute. I came to appreciate the golf carts because walking up the hill was tiresome. The bellman were utterly friendly, and the service from the concierge and front desk was wonderful.\n\nI voted four $$$$ because no hotel chain seems to match the price. The cheapest suite is over $500/night. In Scottsdale, the Sheraton resort's most expensive suite doesn't even come close to this place. Enjoy!"""""""
This place is awesome.  I was walking back to Dillard's, yes, shocker alert, when I noticed this new store.  I knew I had to bring my hubby back.  He loves anything spicy, that's why he chose me, haha.   They have a great set up.  I usually don't taste stuff that is open for the general public, but I can appreciate that they offer tasting for so many of their products.  With so many spicy products, I am sure it will kill any germs.  They few I tasted, really burned, but were delicious.  We ended up buying 7 bottles, some salsas, barbecue sauces, dipping sauce, hot sauces, all of them were great, can't wait to make stuff with them.  I will come back for the Frostbite, I tasted it combined with Margarita mix and it gives drinks a great kick.
If your car is worth less than $3-4k, there is no reason to put $600-700 worth of new tires on it. With that said, find a good used tire shop that is trustworthy, which is what Bob's is. For $80 I got two tires for my SUV and the owner Genaro took me back into the tire corral and let me choose the two I wanted.\nAfter driving it for 2 days I noticed it was pulling a little, and went back and this time let Genaro do his magic and he put on a different set = problem solved. This is where the trustworthy-ness really showed, didn't expect that type of service but Genaro knew what it would take to make a customer for life, and will be going back when I need to replace my rear tires.\nOne note, a little bit of a language barrier, but if you have a problem with that you should probably should go pay $600 for tires and vote for Sheriff Joe.
Paws down the best kennel I have boarded my dog at! I've left Max at various kennels while on vacation and he has never come home so happy as he did from the Foothill Per Resort. I could tell he was given a lot of attention and exercised enough since he wasn't out of control and needy when I picked him up.\n\nSome of the other places I've taken him (ex: Canine Country Club near the airport) have been a terrible experience  for him  and he's come home a total wreck losing hair and seriously needy and anxious. Not this time! It's worth a few extra bucks a night to know he'll be as happy and loved and when he's at home.
I was in Phoenix for MLB All-Star game and was looking for a place to eat after a HOT day at the ballpark. We stumbled into the Tilted Kilt for a bite to eat. Our waitress Erica was very fast with every request!\n\nBeing from San Antonio, wasn't expecting much from the Chips and Salsa but was surprised at how good they were! Very chunky with great seasoning and flavor. Another appetizer that I highly recommend is the garlic fries. Possibly the most antisocial thing to eat but as long as everyone in your party has a few, it's all good! ;)\n\nEveryone seems to focus on the girls in kilts but there is something for female customers too. All the male staff members are wearing kilts too. LOL
Richardson's was a staple for me when I lived in Phoenix plus it was walking distance for me. Beware if you plan on going after 6pm any night of the week you will be waiting for a table, but don't forget to check dick's hideaway right around the corner, same menu, different spot. All the drinks are great, the prickly pear marg is a must. The food is delicious. I have had everything on the menu and I swear for the garlic platter, the crusted Chilean sea bass (when they have it), The trio plate( pork tenderloin, fillet, and rack of lamb, the relleno platter, the rack of lamb. The burger is great, the chimayo chicken, in all reality you can order anything on the menu and it will be great. The only thing I have had that I wouldn't order again was the tamales but I make my own so I am biased. The atmosphere is dark and sexy. It is a nice comfy place, very small and packed but nice. The service is always good. They have great deals on wine before 4pm. And let us not forget they serve the best breakfast in town on the weekends!
"""Drinking coffee and Espresso has become my new hobby (or dare I say obsession) due in large part to the opening of this funky and original coffee Lab.  The passion of the owner, to stay true to traditional barista ways, is nothing short of extraordinary.  While enjoying one of their amazing drinks, the thought comes to mind, this is what coffee is supposed to taste like!!  Darn the behemoths of the coffee industry for herding us like cattle through their identical shops while shoving expensive sub par coffee our way.  I say no more!  I want to sip a perfectly made drink in a place that feels like home.  Cartel Coffee Lab is that place.  The sweet and fragrant smell of the freshly roasted beans lingers in the air.  I almost feel like the owner should charge for the smell alone.  Because the beans are roasted on site, you truly can not get a fresher cup of coffee anywhere.  There are no old pots of coffee hanging out indefinitely on their warmers.  Every cup of coffee is brewed fresh for around $1.  I know, don't even get me started on the prices!  Your buck is definitely getting \banged\"""" at this place.  This place will not disappoint!!"""""""
I had tried many nail salon in the valley and haven't been able to find one that I am willing to go back to ...\nBut I am becoming a regular at this place ... I think the difference of this place is that it gives you a very clean feeling and look very organized in comparison to many .... and the ladies there actually pay attention to your nail instead of just going thru the motion ... \n\nEvery time I went, my nail came out beautifully .... Michelle made my nail so pretty that I had stopped biting my nail all together ....\nTry the gel nail, it lasts forever. Seriously it doesn't chip and look as nice as day 1 even after a month \n\ncash tips only though
I really don't understand all the complaints about this place.  I've been going here for years, and the food has always been solid, cheap, quick and really tasty.  The menu is huge, and I have no complaints about the service or cleanliness of the place, either.  \n\nI usually get the fried tofu with garlic sauce.  It's transcendent.  Crispy, delicious triangles of fried tofu and a fantastic mushroom-garlic-onion sauce with some brown rice....I have dreams about it.  If I have the cash, I'll get some spring rolls with spicy mustard, which are a hot, crispy delight.\n\nHaters gonna hate, I guess.  I just wish it was open all night!
I absolutely love this place.  When you pull up and valet, does not feel like you are in AZ anymore.  It feels like you are somewhere exotic (Mediterranean).  The rich earthy colors are just so warm and welcoming.  Love it!  I ordered the Pan roasted halibut for dinner.  It is served with a fine herb potato gallette, saut\u00e9ed mushrooms & vegetables with red wine butter sauce.  Too yummy for words to explains.  You need to try it out for yourself.  Just too terrific!!  I picked the Chocolate Fantasy (French chocolate silk on a decadent chocolate cake with chocolate sauce served with vanilla gelato) for my after dinner pleasure.  Again, too yummy for words.  This is the perfect place for the perfect date, anniversary dinners, and any romantic event.  Just one of the best dinner experiences that I have had.
3rd Thursday....WOOHOO!  what a concept!! I really love it, I just wish I know more local streets to figure out and plan better for the game, but it's tough for out of towner like me. \n\nStill, I had awesome time running, boozing, and chillin with likeminded folks in Tempe. \n\nI agree with other Yelpers, BEST to buy the shirt & beer mug kit before the race.  \n\nOh and store workers were great, very knowledgeable and had good selection of shoes & items to empty out my wallet before my flight home, thx. \n\nGet some!!
Went to @eatverde for my first #smunch with @smunchphoenix.\n\nRight off the bat, this is a combined review, as I'm including my experience tasting Verde's red and green pork from the @GetYourPHX event at @CoHootsPHX.\n\nThe layout, and interior decor of Verde is simple, minimalist, but perfect for the image they seem to want to present; don't get caught up thinking about the seats, or the tables, or the art, just enjoy the incredible food we make.\n\nAnd they do.\n\nThe green chile pork is simply the best I've had, ever. The red chile pork is fantastic, and I would die a happy man if I never ate anything else.\n\nYes, it is that good.\n\nBut wait, it gets better; they make their own tortillas, by hand, from scratch ingredients.\n\nAnd how are the tortillas, you ask.\n\nLet me just say that I probably ate about 2 dozen, when Joe brought his product to Co+Hoots.\n\nThis morning, for Smunch, I opted for a chorizo and egg burrito, because morning + Mexican food = chorizo.\n(I think that's actually what it means in Spanish)\n\nHonestly, I was slightly disappointed by the chorizo.\nI know most people dislike chorizo because it is so greasy. But what they don't understand, and I do, is that the oil is where the flavor is. The spices permeate the oil, not the meat. Sure, the meat has flavor, but when the meat is too dry, it certainly has a decreased presence.\n\nAdmittedly, I may have had too-high expectations for all things Verde, after experiencing the bliss of their green chile pork.\n\nRegardless, the burrito was tasty, and a sizable portion, for a really good price. There was a good amount of egg, as well.\nI will likely get it again, simply because chorizo is my go-to for breakfast.\n\nOne more thing; the coffee. I was informed that it was merely a generic coffee brand, but the flavor was considerably better than Denny's or Carrow's, or even the Circle K coffee. I didn't just appreciate the coffee, I enjoyed it.\n\nFor the burrito alone, I would have only given 4 stars. But the combination of the previous pork experience, the pleasant coffee experience, and the interior that I definitely appreciate, I will give them five.\n\nI will, without question, return to Verde, time and again.
Best Italian restaurant in the valley, as far as I'm concerned. Totally unassuming from the outside since it's in a strip center on 64th St. & Greenway (in the same center as Fry's and McDonalds). But this family run restaurant that has been here for years. Same friendly staff every time...especially love being in the bar area. A little on the pricey side, but definitely worth it. Must try the ravioli (either as an appetizer or main dish) and chicken Marsala with fettuccine Alfredo on the side. All entrees come with soup or salad.
I was incredibly excited to learn about the opening of this establishment. I'm a fan of Wurstkuche in LA and try to go there when I'm in town (which isn't often, considering my total distaste for that entire city) and was happy to hear that there would be something similar in my neck of the words (albeit in Scottsdale--who sort of wants to be LA but just....isn't). \n\nThis place blows Wurstkuche out of the water.\n\n1) The patio, even though it was 105 on a Saturday evening, was extremely comfortable due to the huge mister they've installed. Feel free to sit out on it..you'll be comfortable enough.\n\n2) The service was fantastic the entire night. I was sure that the evening would be a total cluster**** because it was the first Saturday night they would be open. I expected long food and drink waits and general order and ticketing screw ups. None of that happened, even though there were 9 of us on 4 different checks and we were there for three hours. The servers and the food runners were all extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the beer, the food, and what toppings/mustards went well with what. I don't know who Payton has doing his front of the house training (it's probably him, anyway), but kudos to educating your team.\n\n3) The ingredients are fresh and the food is all crafted in house. All sausages are made in house (and they're for sale at the front counter if you want to take them to go). The kraut is handmade. The pickles are handmade. I believe they bake their own bread. The pretzels are handmade. The fries are hand cut. All of the sauces are handmade (the hush hush sauce, a very close variant to Thousand Island dressing, had their chopped homemade pickles in it). Anything they don't make in house is purchased from local vendors/farms. \n\n4) The beer selection rules. Belgian prices, as stated, are a bit overpriced if you ask me. However, they have some great American-made Belgian Style options (finally got around to trying a Green Flash Le Freak and it did NOT disappoint). Don't be an ahole and order a Bud Light--which they don't have. (Although, I did see they have PBR in the can there...guess it's for the hipsters).\n\n5) The food is just really really good. Strong flavors, perfectly seasoned good. Everyone at the table had something different and everyone raved about how good their sausages were. We were also lucky enough to sample a just-crafted recipe that wasn't on the menu yet--a beer cheese fondue served with their house made pretzels. Even though we were all stuffed, we managed to devour it. Dessert was also fantastic; that drunken date cake is a must try. \n\nRumors abound that there will be other locations--I'm keeping my fingers crossed for a downtown location as it's closer to my house. Until then, I can't imagine we won't be making regular treks to this new place. Congrats, Payton.
I just wanted to give an update on this company. I tried to do some different programming on my pool pump. Needless  to say I screwed it up. I called and spoke to the owner, he sent Geoff out the next day to redo the programming. I have found that Companies that are established want to keep customers happy. I will only use  companies that have established reputation. There prices are fair. There work is excellent. Just remember you get what you pay for. I am happy they are close by. And willing to help. Just to let readers know that new pump has already saved me at least 25.00 a month on electric.
This afternoon Rand H. and I stopped in for an early dinner. It was nice and cool inside. There was a booth available to our left as we stepped in the door. We were greeted with chips and each our own little bowl of spicy good salsa. No more than 3 min later we were greeted by our hostess Crystal and asked what we would like to drink. One minute later as we wet our whistles we ordered our din din. Rand ordered a #14 Chile Relleno & shredded beef taco, and I ordered a # 36 Pescado Relleno (Fish) plate.\n\nNo more than 7 min. later I was looking at my meal and it was looking at me. (The fish was served flayed open with head and tail still attached.)\nONE WORD:  Yummy! It was tasty as can be, and I was glad, as I normally order a Carne Asada Burrito when I eat Mexican food. I highly recommend this spot and It's a shame Alexander and Nader had such a soggy humid experience here. It seems to have been fixed as this was not the case on my first visit here this evening. \n\nOh, and I liked the old photos of things like Poncho Villa's Wanted poster and other early 1900's historical Mexican events.
Just got back from a little trip to Sweet Republic, and I'm just happy like a kid after the sweet treats. This place is awesome! Great atmosphere, clean and cute deco, very friendly staff, delicious ice cream and sorbet and other sweets, and even board games for you to play while enjoying the treats! \n\nThe pineapple sorbet and Cashew Turtle ice cream are my fav, definitely have a try! Yes, they've got some very creative names on their ice cream, e.g. I Love Bacon; Salty Butter Swirl?
"""Talking about authentic filipino food! Coming from SoCal where there is a filipino restaurant in every \kanto\""""/corner, their food is really good. We had the sinigang na baboy, bistek tagalog, binagoongan and pinakbet, for desert we ordered the halo-halo and chocolate cake. They are delicious and the kids loved the halo-halo. Couldn't help eating too much rice with all those food. While eating we were entertained by a live band and you could even jam with the band and sing to your hearts content. The owners Tony and Tess are doing a great job catering to the filipinos there in Arizona. Too bad I missed the line dancing, that would have been fun! Oh, did I mention that they have a good selection of filipino pastries and bread? Wish I could come back there soon and try their ube cheese cake, it looks yummy!"""""""
I love everything about Pita Jungle.  They have big portions, a big menu, and delicious food every time.  I've been a loyal Pit Jungle Junkie for a while now and I have never once left being unsatisfied.  I can't say what is my favorite dish [they're all delicious!] but I will say that they have a Raspberry Mango Cheesecake you HAVE to try!\n\nThe atmosphere of this place during the nighttime is great for a date, the staff is super friendly, and everything about this place screams ARTSY!
Amazing selection of beers that i have never heard of with in my opinion the best music section in scottsdale! The place is very comfortable and the food is great. How to go about getting a beer was confusing and then became a process but if you are chill enough to wait for a server to realize that you are there then they pretty much stay on top of you all night. Its definitely a cool place to check out if you're in the area!
"""I am a bit apprehensive being the first to review Pearls.  That being said, I am not going to miss the opportunity to be the first to give this place 5 stars.\n\nThe owner is phenomenal.  I cannot say enough about her \radar\"""" for when to talk to you, when to leave you alone, and when to just be AWESOME.  She is a lot of fun to chat with (for both the husband and I) and we get a kick out of her.\n\nThe items in her store are always in great condition.  It is impossible to leave without finding some little treasure, or big treasure, actually.\n\nThe location, admittedly, can be a trick to find.  However, driving by and then turning around is no big deal - just do it!!!\n\nPearls is organized like a department store.  You have hats, jewelry, knick-knacks, dresses, skirts, shoes, pants, an entire mens department, a kitchen/household area, nice fitting rooms, seating...\n\nCan I gush any more?  \n\nBasically if you are into retro/vintage or just having a good time shopping... you need to check this place out.\n\n\n\nAnd on a side note:  I would like to see a lot of tourists in here.  Locals + tourists = great business."""""""
Very nice, clean, modern facility\n\nDuring a trip with the family, one of my kids came down with a bad cold.  Base on my relative's recommendation I took my son to this facility.\n\nDr Cohen did a thorough examination to ensure the symptoms were not serious, prescribed some medicine and made some recommendations to ensure his coughing would not worsen.\n\nAll in all a very pleasant experience, no one expects to get sick during a vacation/trip but when it happens, it's good to know that facilities & staff like Healthy Outlook are there to help & understand
I have to whole heartedly disagree with the other diners here. I think this place is fantastic! We had reservations and did not have to wait at all. The service was prompt and our waiter was attentive, although he could have been a bit friendlier. \n\nWe had the spaghetti and meatballs, the pork chop, and the scotch beef. The meatballs were some of the best I've ever tasted and the pork chop was definitely in the top three pork chops I've ever had. The scotch beef was very good too, although it could have been seasoned a bit more. We had the bourbon bread pudding for dessert. Heaven! Absolute heaven! \n\nWe will definitely be back every time we are in the Phoenix area!
Giddy up boys and girls!\n\nThis is a fun, casual evening spot to grab drinks (& food) with your friends. From hanging out at the bar, the spacious patio with stone fire pit, or at any of the oversized wooden tables... you will recieve prompt and friendly service.  Drinks are well poured. Had a few too many drinks and want to ride the bull? It makes for great entertainment for those like me who love people watching anyways.\n\nThis place is definitely a 'high energy, rock-western experience'.\n\n*please note, this is a review of Saddle Ranch as a spot to hang out, the food has not been tested by yours truley*
Perfect hole in the wall Mexican food restaurant! Quint,authentic, family owned, just the perfect atmosphere.Great Margaritas! which is always what breaks or makes a Mexican restaurant for me. My friends and I split some awesome oysters which i was apprehensive about at first, just because this place really is the definition of 'hole in the wall,' but they turned out to be great... then again it was my first experience eating oysters... We all ordered burritos which were also very good, I love a place that isn't afraid to use dark meat chicken. I mean why do restaurants always advertise white meat chicken anyways?  that's what usually steers me away from ever ordering chicken in the first place! For sure gotta come back to try more of their menu!
I could not be happier with this preschool. My first child is going to graduate to kindergarten this year and my second will be in the 3's class next year.  The teachers are outstanding.  After researching so many other preschools the thing about this preschool that makes it stand out is the community and the parent education.  As a first time parent not only was I not ready to send my child off to school and not be part of it but there was so much I didn't know.  Since this school is a co-op I was able to carry through with what my son learned at school and reinforce it at home.  I learned so much from the expert teachers.  In addition, I have formed close bonds to the other co-oping parents.  I can't think of a better way to model a sense of community to my children than to actually live it.  The school offers a developmentally appropriate curriculum and allows children to learn through play.  I could go on and on about this school and it's community!
Went there last night with a group of 32, for a special family celebration. I heard through Facebook of the excellent food and great selection of beers, gotta tell you we were not disappointed the food was soooo good that several members of our party requested to meet the chef, our waiter went to the kitchen and soon we were speaking with chef Diego, what a true professional who took the time to explain the dishes and their origins. A great experience and I look forward to returning.
Went here yesterday with the family to celebrate a birthday and it was amazing. This is my second time to City Hall and we will definitely be back! The service is outstanding and they do a great job accommodating and helping you make your way around the menu, etc. We started with cocktails and our server recommended a drink not listed on the menu; a cherry lemon drop. It was delicious and the presentation was great, too. It comes out similar to the seafood tower and is so cold the drink bubbles when they put it in the glass. Very cool. We got the seafood tower where they will give you almost any number you like for each option, which is certainly helpful when you have a table of people who can't decide! \n\nFor the meal we got a variety of their steaks: ribeye, porterhouse, KC strip and all were perfectly cooked and seasoned. Absolutely delicious! Our family is in the meat business and my dad said it was one of the best steaks he had ever had. We shared the lobster mashed potatoes (amazing!) and some mushrooms. All in all it was a great place to have a celebration!
I had a problem with a pc that I purchased from the Microsoft store. Worst case scenario, or so I thought. I contacted customer support. I spoke with a few people who were all very helpful and pleasant but could not fix the problem. I  was the put in contact with William Zollicoffer a support  agent. I was able to return my pc with out incident. The agent followed my problem start to finish via telephone and email.  After having many customer support problems with other companies this was a great breath of fresh air. Microsoft seems to hire employees who care about the customer. I will use the Microsoft store in the future and recommend the store to my friends and family.
Anytime I can't hitch a ride to the airport I always park at PreFlight.  Why?  Because it takes much less time than parking at the airport itself, it's cheaper (check out the coupons on the website!) and they have a Frequent Parker Program so I earn a free day for every five days parked.  Now, I always liked PreFlight but last week I decided that I love them because after returning from an awesome weekend in Vegas I hopped on the PreFlight shuttle bus (which comes every few minutes) and arrived at the lot to find a sad car with a dead battery.\n\nIt was hot and I was in no mood to play games with my car.  I tried and tried but I couldn't get her to come to life.  Within seconds a PreFlight staffer drove up out of nowhere in a golfcart with a portable jumper cable box and revived my car so I could get a move on.  Talk about service!  Had I parked at the airport I'm not sure how long I would have been stranded!
I've been here a couple of times and just haven't had the chance to review it.\n\nI always thought the food was great. I normally get the carne asada burrito and it is definitely good. My girlfriend gets two carne asada tacos and she loves it! Everything comes out nice and hot. The beef is seasoned well and the dish itself, at least for the burrito, looks very appetizing (the tacos come out wrapped in foil). The service is decent and not great because they are usually very crowded. The margarita is apparently very strong. I only took a sip of my girlfriend's just to try it and thought $5 was well worth the price. She was buzzing by the end of the night even though she ate.\n\nI have yet to try their other dishes and drinks but I will be back, that's for sure!
Awesome steaks. This place has certainly changed over the years. It has recently been updated and given a face lift, but the top rate service and food has remained a constant. Ryan, if you are looking for cheap, tough meat Monti's in Tempe is fine, but if you are looking for something a bit more refined this is the place. The Prime Rib is one of the best in town. Some people are dressed up and others are in Jeans or nice shorts.
This is by far one of our favorite parks.  Have you seen the covered jungle gym?  It is awesome!\n\nWe love coming here.  My son could play here for hours.  We also ride our bikes along the path.  You can stay on the paved walkway or follow the dirt trail that would lead you along the perimeter of the park.  \n\nThere are several huge ramadas and smaller ramadas around the playground to reserve for parties.\n\nThe recreation center is beautiful.  So many classes are offered here.  They even do family events several evenings a week!  All kinds of activities for toddlers, children, teenagers and adults!  Check out the website for more info on this.\n\nCome summertime, if your kid is bouncing still off the walls in the eve, take them here to tire them out!  \n\nI highly recommend this place.  Just don't tell too many people!
Ok I say this every time, but I do not like to make a habit of giving a place 5 stars in my first try, but at Fate I can't help myself. Everything from the ambiance, food, happy hour, beer, and even cake pops were simply amazing!!,\n\nI'll start with my favorite, beer. We got here early during happy hour and thought that my wife and I would order 2 beers each. So I ordered the Smoked Porter and she had Imperial IPA. Trying these I would say the imperial IPA was really good. 8.5 100lbu. Very tasty! The smoked porter was great too. Not really my thing but with food it tasted good. A little on the over smoked flavor but I respect that. After we had the pale ale and Irish Red. The pale ale was 6.0 and it was more on par of average IPA.  The Irish Red was amazing! A strong but refreshing red. This was my wife's favorite beer. Mine has to be the imperial IPA. \n\nDuring HH we ordered the pizza bread very good. Basically cheese bread on their pizza dough. It came with a side of marinara. I would total order it again next time we are at HH\n\nWe then decided to order a pizza to share. We chose the rustic pizza which including artichoke hearts, fennel,sausage, gorgonzola cheese. I thought it was excellent pizza! Even better with a craft beer next to you. \n\nAnyways our experience at Fate was excellent. Id like to add that the service was excellent and liked the layout of the restaurant and the small brew tanks. This place is small but seems like a lot of room at the bar and a decent sized patio.  \n\nOh one more thing, when we were walking out, my wife spotted the cake pop display. We had to turn around and ordered 2! 2 bucks each and well worth it!! We tried the sinker doodle and peppermint red velvet. The red velvet was the best! A little harder shell but once you ate more they were very moist. Do your self a favor and order at least one on your way out!!
Best. Frozen. Yogurt. Place. Ever. Period.\n\nLove that they change up the flavors every now and then. The seasonal oatmeal raisin and pumpkin flavors are amazing. They let you control all your toppings (NOT like that other place). They also have seasonal toppings too. Right now they have Cracker Jacks as toppings to celebrate baseball spring training Cactus League.  If the number of flavors overwhelms you, there are free sample cups that you can pick up at the register upon entering the shop.  The price per ounce is also very reasonable. I love this place and I always try to think of excuses to come here :) \n\nI can't wait to take my sister here when she comes to visit me!
This place is right down the street from my new office, and thank goodness! They have a wide range of baked goods, including gourmet breads and pastries, cookies, and other goodies (even fresh hummus!), as well as great iced tea and other drinks. I walked down there today and got a wonderfully delicious sandwich on their fresh 9-grain bread, along with chips and a drink for under $8. The staff and owner are all friendly, the place is charming and has dine-in seating indoors or on the patio, and they make it fast and fresh. Thanks, Bread Basket! You guys are awesome. I'll be coming in more often for sure.
Rosati's is a Chicagoland staple. I used to order from Rosati's about every week around the mid 80's until they went downhill. Twenty years later I find out that the owner's from the Rosati's I used to patronize moved to Arizona. Ok - that explains everything.\n\nWe ordered a couple of large pizzas for delivery yesterday when we had some friends over. We ordered a thin crust sausage, onion and greenpepper which was delicious and a half pepperoni and half vegetarian which I was told was excellent. They even delivered on time, we asked for a 6pm delivery and they delivered. Best pizza in the Biltmore area.
"""I have to give props to Chef Beau McMillan for doing \fusion\""""  right. \""""Fusion\"""" is a dime a dozen nowadays, and only a few can do it well. For dinner, I highly suggest the salmon with the udon noodles, if it is available (menu changes depending on what's in season). And for dessert, please try the banana concoction. It is just divine! So, yes, I'm a big fan of Chef Beau (he is not pretentious and seems fun). Afterall, he did beat Bobby Flay on Iron Chef."""""""
This is easily my favorite cafe in all of Tempe - and perhaps the Valley - for lunch and baked goods.  The atmosphere is charming and understated from the way you order to the friendly service you wouldn't expect from a counter service kind of place.\n\nI'm always torn on whether to order the croque monseiur or the warm open faced steak sandwich.  Both of the sandwiches are superbly prepared and presented.  You can't go wrong with either.  I always opt for the dijon potato side salad garnished with mustard seed.\n\nThe warm open faced steak sandwich is tastefully done with tender grilled ribeye with a cabernet butter and sauteed mushrooms and bleu cheese.  Rich, sinful and bad but in a good way, kind of like sex with an old ex.  Similarly the croque monseiur has me hooked, but their use of de-seeded jalapenos adds a distinctive Arizona touch that I just love.\n\nWhile waiting for my lunch I can never resist their outstanding macarons (I prefer the chocolate, but both are delicious), cakes and cookies (go for the chocolate truffle) displayed so innocently behind the glass case where you order.\n\nSince I am friends with someone who works here, she doesn't serve us (company policy), so service is usually by the manager, and once we even got the chef, which was a nice surprise because I was able to ask her details on the sandwiches.\n\nAnd finally, because they use organic and locally grown ingredients you can leave feeling like not-so much of an asshat.
"""My family and I have been eating at Spinatos for over 20 years.  We've followed them all over town, to each location.  I would say with 100% certainty that this is the best pizza ever.  We love the family who owns and runs the restaurants.  They are great people.\n\nWe were excited to see the new Ahwatukee location open.  We were loyal to the Tempe location, but this new one is closer.  I love what they did with the old Chili's.  It is beautiful!  They really did a great job. \n\nWhile my review of 5 stars is for the Company as a whole, I have to say that this new location is not my favorite and I probably won't return. \n\nThe food is amazing, that is not a problem.  I could eat Spinatos pizza and food everyday for the rest of my life.\n\nBut this location lacks the family feel that I'm used to.  On both occasions that I've gone here, I've received poor service.  The wait times for a table are grossly underestimated.  I was told 30 minutes (at an off peak time), and it was 65 minutes later that I got a table.  Our waters were never refilled and we didn't see our server until we flagged her down to get our check.  \n\nWhile this location is beautiful and I'm so happy for the family, I won't be back there.  I'll keep going to the \hole in the wall\"""" Smith location in Tempe where I'll actually see some of the Family, and get the amazing food and service that I've grown to love over the last many years.  \n\nI"""""""
This is a hidden jem that is not to be missed.\n\nWe were greeted quickly and with a smile when we walked through the door from a young lady in the bar.  Another lady greeted us and took us to our table.  A gentleman brought us hot tea and cold water to our table right away, and then we were greeted by our waitress Rose.  Good team work going on at this place.  \n\nI have never been to a nice Chinese place before.  This was a really nice one and I was super excited to see how the food would taste.  While enjoying my hot tea (BEST TEA EVER!  it was PERFECT), I glanced over the menu.  The prices are very decent and they have many different dishes to choose from.  \n\nWe started with an order of fried wantons.  These were light, airy, slightly crispy, delicate and filled with a little bit of cream cheese.  They came with sweet and sour sauce, which was the best sweet and sour sauce I've ever had.  Nice bright red orange color, sweet and tangy and not thick or to thin, just right.  Very good start to a grand meal that I had no idea was about to come.\n\nRose moved our fried wantons' plate out of the way and put two large plates in front of us.  She then started bringing out our food.  We had sweet and sour pork, pan fried noodles, fried rice, and sesame chicken.  Sesame chicken was at least two large oh so TENDER chicken breasts crisped to perfection in thick dark onion sauce that I soaked my rice and noodles in.  Pan fried noodles were lightly oiled and tasted like they were fried in a wok, very tasty.  The fried rice was fresh, soft and fluffy.  The sweet and sour pork was smothered (NOT soggy) in their yummy sweet and sour sauce.  It included large chunks of pineapples, green bell peppers and onions.\n\nEvery portion was enough for two to three people to share or even save for the next day (see photos), BUT it is going to be so hard from stopping yourself enjoying your hot fresh food in such a romantic dark setting (music overhead was a love song station).  \n\nWe had so much to pack up, Rose came by and put it all up for us in boxes.  She was awesome, very sweet, and always came by to check on us to see how we were doing.  \n\nFor everything we got -not- including tip was ONLY $34.  Forget the buffets, this is the place to go.\n\nI highly recommend this place for large groups, couples, events, and anyone else who loves Chinese Food.  It's the BEST I EVER HAD!
"""I love to sit and spin! Here, on top on the Hyatt, you can do JUST THAT... and eat while your spinning.  Its a multi-tasker's dream!!!!\n\nThis place is pretty amazing.  I have only been here for evening dinners and drinks, but I can tell you that it is a great venue for a special occasion.  I took my lovely lady here for a birthday and for an anniversary, so I pretty much played this out. However, you can still go!!!\n\nIf you are a fan of Prime Rib, you have GOT to try the Compass Room's version.  It is cooked in a Merlot which makes it taste uber-fancy and your significant other will want to strip you down right there and thank you properly. For desert, try the Tiramasu.  It has thick chocolate walls printed with the signature 'Compass Room' and will put everyone in the mood for a party!\n\nThe price is pretty high.  Like Amy said, about $80 per head. But definitely worth it.\n\nFor this, I believe the Compass Room's logo should be \Sit, Spin, Go Home and Get Some\""""\n\nDo it. Do it."""""""
I have just experience food heaven and a food coma all in one! I have always wanted to try this place because I have heard such good things. Their sunset menu before a show at the Gammage Theater was the perfect excuse. Honestly it was such a good deal for so much food and such tasty options. I went with my sister and we each tried something different off the menu and shared. For starters we got the edamame hummus and garden salad. The wonton chips with the hummus were so good and the salad was so light and refreshing. \n\nFor the second course I got the vegetable tempura and popcorn shrimp. Both of which were good, but I would go with the shrimp. The vegetable tempura was good but a bit heavy before the final course. \n\nI got the salmon as my main course and my sister got the filet. The salmon was perfectly cooked, but I didn't need the rice and the sauce was slightly too sweet for me. The filet was so good with a great teriyaki sweet sauce and perfectly smooth mashed potatoes. Our waitress was very knowledgeable and helpful in our selections and the ambiance was nice. Not super crowded but we had an early reservation. I want to go back and try the rest of the menu.
"""I was never excited about bagels before in my life until Big City.  Now I look forward to sneaking over there a few times a week for one of their freshly made delicacies.  BCB is family owned and family run and the kids are just wonderful, hard working people.  \n\nI know that they have specials after two for a dozen bagels and they look like they wonderful sandwiches.  All that I know thus far is that the quality of their bagels is second to none.  They are larger than the competitors and prepared better.  The coffee is great, and is self serve.  The store is clean and has about 5 or 6 tables outside so you may enjoy your day or take your dog along for a bite.\n\nI never thought I'd be raving about something as \blah\"""" as a bagel.  But BCB is so much more than that.  Enjoy!"""""""
Considering the price and city, this hotel totally deserves 5 stars for it's interesting styling and great design choices. The exterior of the hotel rooms has a retro feeling, while the interiors are furnished with modern furniture and decorations. The extra large tub (cornered by 2 frosted glass walls) even has a mood light shining down on it. You probably won't find another hotel this chic in all of Arizona.\n\nIf I ever come back to the Phoenix area again, I will be sure to book at this hotel again. It gets my highest recommendation.\n\nPrice Tip: Smartphone users should use the HotelTonight App, which will run last minute deals for this hotel.
Wondering where to go to dinner tonight, we followed our senses and the cyber sensations coming from the deli's e-mail blast of tonight's menu. We made the long drive to Queen Creek from NE Mesa (on a week night!) and were rewarded handsomely with the usual amazing fare. My wife had the Panko Crusted Pork Schnitzel w/ Lemon Butter Sauce and I had the Slow Roasted Chicken Breast w/ Romesco Sauce.  As usual, the meats were a cut well above and the sides (Pearl Couscous w/ Roasted Tomatoes in my case) were inventive and came in generous portions (too bad I'm on a low carb diet!).  Don't let the butcher paper tablecloths and casual attitude fool you. the deli serves serious food! Blake and his staff know how to please!  Make the drive one time and you'll end up investing in a hybrid so you can afford to come back again and again and again.
"""Best Feature: Bento\n\nFujiya is noticeably different from most Japanese establishments in Arizona in that it's owned and run completely by Japanese.  As such, they run the place like a real \conbini\"""" in Japan.  As you enter, all of the workers great you with an \""""Irraishaimase\"""" and you can peruse the isles filled with certain things you can't find in the Japanese section of LeeLee (Like Gabunomi and Qoo).\n\nThe place reminds me of the Nijiya chain in CA.  The Bentos are pretty much the best in the area.  A welcome addition to the neighborhood."""""""
I can't say much about this place because I do the same damned thing every time.  Pull up to the drive through window, smile at the nice lady, order a teriyaki combo or two and some rolls, and peel out with my food in two minutes or less.\n\nI can't imagine it's the toughest thing in the world to make consistently good teriyaki, but I'll tell you what, those people are friendly every damned time I roll through.  And the food is always still hot and delicious when I plop down on my sofa to dig in.  Oh, and the salad dressing for the combo salad is yum.  God, I think this place might have been around back when I was in high school.  Way to keep it rolling!  Five stars, baby!
Best body piercing shop I have EVER been to.  It was a little busy when I walked in but the guy at the counter, Chris,  greeted me right away and asked what I wanted to get done. I told him and he got all the paperwork started and showed me which jewelry I could choose from for each piercing (nostril and helix). Once I picked them out I still had to wait a little while but he kept a conversation going with everyone so that we were occupied.\n\nThe piercer I got was Dana and he was awesome. He's really funny and down to earth which took away any nervousness I had. He showed me a couple different options as far as placement for each of the piercings and didn't waste any time getting to it which I like. He was very quick actually doing the piercings and kept me talking the whole time so that I wasn't thinking about the fact that he was sticking needles into me.  After both piercings were done he made sure I was actually okay and wasn't just saying that to try and look tough.\n\nHe walked me out to pay and made sure I understood the care instructions and to feel free to stop by or call if I had any questions.  Chris emphasized that again while he was taking my payment and gave me Dana's card with their contact information and also the sizing of the jewelry I got. I left trying to think of what else I want to get pierced just because I had such a great experience there. I will definately be going back soon!
Our family has been huge Filiberto's fans for many years, most particularly this location.\n\nNo matter how busy this location is, the staff really hops to get all orders prepared and served as quickly as possible without sacrificing quality. This evening's stop at Filiberto's proved my point yet again.\n\nWith long lines both at the walk-up window and drive-thru, the food was prepared quickly and promptly served to the customers all by staff members who were still smiling and very polite. \n\nThis location is very convenient and easy to enter and exit. Located on the north side of Main Street, east of Stapley Drive.\n\nEnjoy!
I used to come here strictly for the pizookie... It's the most delicious dessert and I can never find the strength to pass it up.\n\nThen I came to realize that their food is equally as amazing as the pizookie.  I don't eat wings, but their sauce is so good, I'd love to buy a bottle of that stuff.  I've been ordering their Veggie Wedgie sandwich or the barbecue pizza when I'm with my cousin.. She adds all kinds of toppings to the pizza and I would recommend ordering a pizza w/ bbq sauce and then whatever else appeals to you.. (Thin crust of course, it's the best PLUS their thick crust usually takes a little less than an hour to make)  I guarantee you'll love it!
I was recently blessed with a little getaway that included a stay at Firesky Resort & Spa.  I have had my fair share of hotel experiences, and I have to say I was so pleasantly surprised by this venue.\n\nThe staff at the front desk and at the restaurant were very nice and helpful.  The cleaning crew did a great job tidying up the room and replacing all the amenities (shampoo, conditioner, and lotion from Aveda!).\n\nThe room was beautiful - great decor, comfy bed, nice flat screen tv, plenty of vanity space, super high water pressure in the shower, and complimentary cheetah-patterned robes for the duration of the stay.\n\nThe pool area is amazing!  Small waterfalls, one pool included a beach area complete with sand, perfect temperature for all hours of the day, and plenty of chairs and towels to accommodate any guests.\n\nI have to admit I was a little sad leaving the hotel.  I wish I could have stayed a little longer.  I definitely want to return, and next time I will take advantage of the spa services, and spend more time at the pool.
"""This place is just amazing! I first found myself here on a late night seriously craving Pho & a buzz, & my oh my, they do it right! I have since become a regular... \n\nThe staff is entertaining & fun, the drinks are awesome, the food is fun & delicious! Great place for a date, to hang out, to have get to-gethers, to come alone & end up w/ good conversation & new friends & a satisfied tummy. \n\nWide variety of spring rolls & appetizers. The main thing, PHO, is to swoon over. I've had the beef, the chicken & the vegan, all 3 are satisfying. Ask for the Grandma Sauce, but be warned, be sparing in adding this to your Pho.\n\nThe Firecracker Shimp is a personal favorite as well. \n\nSafe place for Vegans & meat-heads alike! \n\nI've seen some reviews where others say they feel RP is too expensive & you can get good Pho much cheaper at the other Vietnamese places... true, however, this is \Modern Vietnamese\"""" ... Great food, Great place to hang out for a few hours, Great environment!"""""""
From the ambiance, to the staff, to the wine list, this place has got it figured out.  I LOVE wine, but I usually feel like I'm being tested when I go into wine bars.  This place is so unpretentious, it's a breath of fresh air.  If you don't know exactly what to ask for, the staff will ask you about what you've liked in the past, what flavor profiles you prefer, and a ton of other questions to narrow down exactly what you'll like.  3 times out of 3 they've nailed it on the head!\nThey just recently added a happy hour menu and expanded their food menu as well...you have to try the smoked salmon bruschetta best I've had in the valley (even beats out postino's smoked salmon!)\nTo top it off, this place even offers wine 101 classes, grape varietal classes, and even a book club!  \nI think you get it by now: This place rules.
Well, I am starting the year with JUVE AUTO CLINIC doing right by me as usual!!  I needed new brakes front and back on my 2006 Toyota Avalon and of course took my car to JUVE AUTO CLINIC.  Their waiting area is comfortable and when they know you are staying on site for the work to be completed are as accommodating as possible.  What made me really feel like family on this visit is that I had the wrong credit card with me and no problem - I could just call back with the right card when I got home.  That kind of trust to a loyal customer is what generates rave reviews. I was treated with respect with no upset because of a delay in payment.  Always friendly and always courteous and always doing a quality job is why I recommend JUVE AUTO CLINIC to anyone who wants great car repair at a reasonable price.
"""This place deserves 6 stars (seriously)!  \n\nLet me start off by saying I am a HUGE breakfast fan.  Always have been, always will be.  Trust me when I tell you this place deserves 6+ stars from the food alone, but it doesn't stop there!  \n\nMy order:  Red Flannel Hash - if you like beets you have to try this, it is superb.  If you are not a fan of beets (my girlfriend is not and she still loved it) don't worry, there are at least 5 other Hash / Flannel options to choose from and they all sound amazing.  I am coming back every weekend until I try them all and curb my Homemade Corned Beef Hash Fix!!!\n\nGF's order:  Standard Bacon, Egg, Potato combo - Eggs: Cooked to pefection.  Bacon: also cooked to perfection with a very nice smoke to it.  Potatos:  Best I have ever had by far!\n\nBTW, the breads that come with each plate are outstanding (I recommend the olive bread)\n\nAt the end of our breakfast I told my date it was the best I had ever had.  She looked shocked to hear that coming from me (critical breakfast guy)!\n\nI know most people are on here to hear about the food.  But I must say the service was also top notch!  The owner was there working up a sweat as he ran around and when he heard us raving about the food, he brought out a french toast plate called \Bananas Foster\"""".  Once again, Best Damn French Toast I Have Ever Eaten!\n\nSide Note:  this place is a little hard to find the first time you visit, but once you find it you won't ever have trouble finding it again!  (It's in the Scottsdale Civic Center)..."""""""
I'm shocked by the bad reviews of this place.  You don't go to a place like this to have truffles in your waffles, or creme brulee: it's a BREAKFAST JOINT!  And here's what makes it great:\n\nFood:  Generous portions of tasty food.  The french toast is great, and I love the variety available in their breakfast bowls.  They used to have Cuban salsa, which was a fantastic secret... they ought to bring that back.\n\nPrices: Very reasonable, just bring cash!\n\nStaff:  There's a kid who sings your order to you, and he's awesome.  Everyone else there is friendly, talkative, and happy to throw some more coffee in your cup.\n\nLocation:  Convenient spot, lots of parking, clean tables, fun decor.\n\nSupport your local businesses.
I make sure to stop in here every time i am in the Phoenix area.  Great music and excellent service make this a place worth checking out for a few of their cheap drinks.  Tuesday evenings a great house band called Chocolate Fountain will keep you grooving!  Great local bands take turns filling the stage through out the rest of the week and weekend.  Venus is one of the nicest bartenders in the valley and she will pour you an honest drink as will all the staff behind this bar.  Oh yeah bar shuffleboard on hand for the sporty types.
My first and only experience there was excellent. The service was exemplary - the server knew the menu, was enthusiastic about it, and assisted us in choosing our items without being pushy. The food was exceptionally prepared and tasted excellent. The tzatziki was the best I've had. Nice and thick, with cucumber and spiced well with herbs and garlic. The spanikopita was also exceptionally with fresh clean tasting spinach and delicately textured phyllo dough. The pan fried calamari reminded me of Europe, fresh tasting, delicately fried in olive oil and not in the least bit chewy. The pita bread was warm and fresh and for dessert, the baklava had a complex flavor and tasted home made. \n\nThe environment was tasteful, old world European and exceptionally clean and organized. I will be back!
This is a review for the pizza take out.\n\nThere are a few levels of pizza in the 602.\n\nTop tier is Pizzia Bianco, Cibo, Federal PIzza, et al. Those are NOT daily pizza choices, to me they are special occasions. \n\nEveryday kind of awesome pizza is Red Devil! Light years ahead of NYPD, Streets, etc. this place is legit! I highly recommend trying the pizza 'well done' which gets you more char on the crust. It's super good. This place also has really great wings, which surprised me. I ask for all drums, as those little wings aren't worth the trouble.\n\nKeep up the good work Red Devil. You are an oldie but a goodie.
I've been to the Wy-Knot Cafe twice.  Each time I've walked away feeling full, satisfied, and inspired.  The full, satisfied part came from eating healthy, delicious, freshly-cooked foods.  The inspiration came from talking with Jackie.  She's a dynamo!  I love the creative energy of the place.  There's something special going on there, and I recommend it to anyone who is tired of the same old restaurants, the same old foods, the same old.  I wish there were more places like this one in the valley.  You go, Jackie!
If there's German food or beer in the Phoenix area, you better bet your bottom dollar I'll know about it. \n\nI came here the day after it had opened and it was pretty slammed but we only had to wait about 20 minutes for a seat. While we waited, we were able to go over to the bar area and get ourselves a beer. The beer list is so great, it took me 5 minutes to decide which one to get first. I started with a Bell's draft for the wait (I know, I know - getting an American beer at this place? But Bell's is the bees knees and not many places have them on draft so Brat Haus gets a big star for that). \n\nOnce we got seated, the waiter came over and was extremely friendly and attentive. Every time I go to a restaurant shortly after they open, there's usually always some hiccups - spotty service, out of certain menu items, etc., but that wasn't the case at all! Everything seemed to be running smooth like they'd been open for months already. \n\nI got the spicy brat and the #5 Hefe for dinner. We also split fries and the pretzel. Hands down best pretzel I've ever had! \n\nThe ambiance is great, they have a beer menu to make even the most decisive person become an indecisive little girl, and the menu makes me want to keep coming back until I try everything. \n\nGo here.
I have been going to Sassy Glasses since I moved out here, about 4 or 5 years.\n\nI originally went for their frame selection - which is FANTASTIC!\nI think of eyeglass frames as jewelry, and since I need them on my face 24/7, I always have a few pairs. (You wouldn't wear the same pair of earrings every day, would you? Well, ok, I wouldn't).\n\nThey definitely have the coolest frames in town - not necessarily the trendy boring 'names'; these are mostly European & Japanese cutting-edge style, but with enough 'interesting' basics for your everyday pair.\n\nThey are locally-owned, unlike most other shops in the Valley.\nAnd to the previous reviewer who said they do not make their own lenses - well, I have news for you, I don't think I've EVER been to a shop that DID - even when I lived in NYC and Boston - at least for my prescription, which is a VERY complicated one, prisms and astigmatism and progressives and diopters. No matter where I've lived, my lenses ALWAYS take a week to order and receive.\n\nWhich brings me to - Ouida & Dan take the TIME to make sure they have my prescription and measurements CORRECT, unlike another nameless chain place I went to here in the Valley once (and will never return to).  They KNOW what they are doing. \n\nAnd they are really really nice, unlike some of the snobby shops so prevalent in the Valley. Have been in a few of those places to browse and I felt like I was being scoped out as to whether I could afford the frames or something! (and I try not to dress like a schlump). And I have no confidence that those places would get my lens correct, anyway.\n\nS.G. even made me a special pair of glasses to wear for when, as I normally do, sit with my laptop in my lap with the TV on, with the progressive line moved way up so I could see both.\n\nSassy Glasses IS a bit pricey, but I've discovered (see above) that you get what you pay for, at least on the lenses.\nWhich is why I am a long-term customer.
"""We used to live right by the Tempe location and were spoiled by our proximity to great food and beer.  Now that we live out of state, Four Peaks is but a happy dream.....until this past weekend, when we found ourselves back in the PHX for work reasons.  Got a great deal on a hotel near the Scottsdale 4Peaks and dropped by to indulge ourselves for old times' sake.  The food and service are consistently good and the atmosphere is always fun.  Our dinner that night consisted of the Hopknot IPA ($4.50 I think), soup and sandwich combo (Santa Fe chicken soup and roast beef sandwich, $7) and Garden burger ($9).  All were fabulous.  The soup was nice and spicy and the burger was delightfully moist and juicy, just like a \real\"""" burger.  :)  \n\nWe raise a glass to ya, Four Peaks.  Cheers!"""""""
WHAT!? First off, why have I not left a review for this place. After all, it was Yelp that helped me find this supa-dupa-awesome office. Secondly, if you are looking for a new dentist, I HIGHLY suggest this award winning (litterally) dental office!\n\nMy history: My experience with the dentist hasn't been bad. I don't have many-to-any dental problems besides the fact that, like everyone else, I don't floss enough. I come from Ohio, where the waiting list always seems long to get in. Maybe, that was just one office.\n\nIn the middle of the Summer of 2011 I started having bleeding gums. Not just when brushing, but just gushing out (I know, graphic). I tried to tough it out, especially since I had an appointment with them about a week later. I woke up with massive blood clots in my mouth and so I called them at like 2am asking them to see if they could fit me in that same day.\n\nThey called me back as soon as they got into the office and said they had a cancelation for later that day to which I agreed to. I went in and it was quick and easy. I remember my mother filing out tons of paperwork but this was easy. Maybe times have changed a lot since then?\n\nIn any case, they got me in, and out, quickly when I arrived. They did a smal little clean for the area (I had a popcorn hull that had seriously impaled my gums) and signed me back up for a deeper and more extensive clean a few weeks after that. I did that, and even though they did a deep clean, they did a normal clean because I didn't need a deep clean.\n\nSince then I've had one other routine cleaning and I love it here. It is effortless.\n\nBonuses - they give you nice little shades to wear so that you're not blinded by the lights. Secondly, if there is an issue, they will take pictures of it and show you on the TV screen in full glory. You REALLY get the message then.\n\nI've dealth with Amber, Mary, Kathy, Kaysie, and Dr. Tom.
Nobody told these guys, You get what you pay for. \n-----------\nBecause otherwise, they wouldn't offer free high speed Internet, free hot breakfast, clean and spacious rooms - for such a stupendous price!\n\nI think this place was meant for people whose family come here to the Mayo clinic for medical care. \nIt is a true residential inn, with a full sized coffee pot, induction stovetop, dishwasher. They also offer laundry services as well as a computer room and free printing of airline boarding passes. \n\nIt looks like a new, clean property with contemporary interior design. Definitely worth the price, since other high end hotels would charge you three times as much for the same amenities. \n\nThe only weird thing is that the induction stovetop was rotated 90 degrees to save counter space (think of a photo that is rotated into portrait mode, rather than the landscape mode it was meant to be in).\n\nBut again, this place completely exceeded my expectations. Will definitely check this chain out next time I'm on travel.
I don't ever write reviews on Yelp or reviews in general for that matter BUT I promised myself I would do this when I got home from vacation. \n\nMy boyfriend and I stayed at Orange Tree Golf Resort for our anniversary. We didn't golf, we only stayed at the resort but this review isn't for the lodging; it's for the customer service. \n\nMy boyfriend's car battery died when we were on our way to dinner for our anniversary so he asked one of the staff members if they could help jump his car. Not only did the staff members help but when they realized the battery was completely dead, they helped remove the battery from the car, called Wal-Mart to make sure they had the same car battery so we could exchange it, shuttled us to Wal-Mart to pick up a new one, waited for us to exchange it, shuttled us back and installed the new battery for us. We didn't ask them to do anything other than help jump the car and it wasn't part of their job description to do any of the things they did but they did it and we couldn't have been more grateful. \n\nI'm so glad to see that there are still nice, genuine people around when others need a helping hand and I'm glad that they work at Orange Tree. Awesome experience with their staff. I would definitely stay here again and the customer service alone makes me want to recommend Orange Tree to anyone who is looking to visit Scottsdale.
This is the best BBQ and pulled pork I have had since Virginia! I was told it was good but could not fathom it until the first bite, then the second and third.......... The flavor carried over to all of their meats served and everything else at the buffet was worth the 20 minute lunch wait. I got the buffet not because I actually eat enough to get a lot of food but so I could try a little of everything. Too bad only open for lunch but in today's economy that tells you something if they can make it only serving lunch.\nNOT greasy as some have tried to say - I cannot stand greasy food and it's a BBQ joint of course the meats got sauce........\nNow GO!!!!
This is one of my favorite restaurants, and I seek them out any time I travel, hoping upon hope that this city has one.  It was just as good as I remembered.\n\nWe had lobster lollipops and cocktails for a starter.  My Chopin-Vodka Dirty Martini was perfect.\n\nAs usual, the Macademia Encrusted Mahi Mahi with a side of rice and the Chocolate Lava Cake (that you have to order at the beginning of the meal) were the stars of the menu...to me anyway.  They're just so damn good, I can rarely bring myself to order anything else...although I have before, and it's all good!\n\nBeautiful view and friendly service.  1 Appetizer, 4 meals, 1 Dessert, and 2 rounds of drinks cost around $250 so prepare for about ~$60/pp or maybe $40pp w/o drinks, appetizer, and dessert.\n\nI would also recommend the Award Winning Clam Chowder and the Mixed Grill.
"""Ok, let's start with what this hotel IS NOT:\n\nIt was officially NOT designed by Frank Lloyd Wright. The architect of record is Albert McArthur, though he sought advice from FLW on the \block system\"""" that was stylishly used on the place to great effect. \n\nBut...there are obvious FLW influences throughout the property (especially in the main building lobby), and  (because FLW was a true ****) he said in public that this is McArthur's design while privately trying to take credit. That being said, I am an FLW fan and was lucky enough to spend a lot of time in one of his Paradise Valley homes...and this place has just enough \""""vibe\"""" to it to make anyone seeking the FLW feel be happy. Ok, I digress...\n\nIf you are looking for a sparkly clean, no cracks, built in 2012, all amenities resort...don't come here. This property is old school charm and elegance to the max. The thing it doesn't (and shouldn't) have is that extra \""""something\"""" preferred by 30-ish middle America d-bags that only comes with a hip spa that paints \""""your lady's\"""" toenails with American flags. Gross. \n\nThis property is for anyone who appreciates old school luxury. The main building's \""""classic rooms\"""" are throwbacks. They aren't huge, the windows aren't perfectly sealed, you can hear a bit of your posh neighbors' conversations...but in this setting, wouldn't you want to?\n\nThe grounds are stunning and gorgeous and the staff was impeccable. \n\nI checked in and, after being asked twice if I was there for a special occasion, was given a free upgrade (to my already discounted December rate) to a suite overlooking the hills with a near private swimming pool. Problem was: it was TOO BIG for the two of us and we didn't want to be by the lovely tennis courts...we wanted the action. So they seamlessly transitioned us into one of the much smaller main building rooms. Bliss. \n\nWithin an hour of checking in to our new room, a knock came...behind the knock was a man delivering a bottle of sparkling wine, two flutes and a plate of six huge chocolate covered strawberries. Also on the tray was a note from the front desk guy (Frankie - you rock!) congratulating us on our celebration and expressing his hope that we liked the new room. Come on, that's a class move. \n\nAnyway, we immediately went downstairs, ordered a Monte Carlo and a perfect Manhattan, sat by the fire pit and watched the sun go down behind the gorgeous Camelback Mountain - all the time feeling more and more like Spencer Tracey and Katherine Hepburn than a regular LA couple out to visit the 'rents. \n\nOld school luxe, charm and hospitality...low d-bag quotient. I love you, Biltmore, even if Frank Lloyd Wright wasn't your principal architect..."""""""
Have only eaten here once, but man...it was incredible!  Perfect for a romantic evening or with family and friends. Wait staff attentive, personable, and efficient. \n\nOlive oil to die for with the bread, amazing wine selection, mouth watering food. Daniel's has it all! I had a grilled veal chop, with an arrugula salad. Washed it down with a chianti reserve. Ended with a classic tirimisou and coffee. Perfect!\n\nWant to try something new? Want to try someplace that impresses without even trying? Daniel's is it.
I had the worst of all things to do today.....put my beautiful old, dying pit bull...Miss Peaches down. I had moved and hadn't connected with a clinic yet. I was online and on my phone. The lady on the phone sounded so warm and understanding.....I got there and all three ladies at the front were absolutely delightful and very understanding.\n\nThey made the experience as easy and wonderful as it could be....yes I am devastated but they were very very understanding and I would recommend them to anyone.\n\nThank you...
I just moved to Phoenix and found these therapists online. I went in to see Trina this weekend and was so impressed I had to make sure to add them to Yelp as soon as possible. \n\nI chose Rustic Sage because I have always had good luck with massage therapists who work at places that only do massage. When I lived in Chicago, I went to Urban Oasis, when I lived in Boston, I went to Inman Oasis (not affiliated) and here in Phoenix, my choice is Rustic Sage. These women are exclusively there to work on your body in a serious way. This is not a salon or even a beauty spa kind of place. Instead, it's about healing yourself physically and mindfully. Trina, my therapist, genuinely wanted to help me feel good so I can maintain peace of mind. \n\nIf you're the kind of person who is looking for someone to help you figure out why your back hurts or what the source of that knot in your shoulder is, this is a great place to go. I have been seeing massage therapists for a long time and never received the kind of treatment before that I got from Trina. She helped me work out the pain in my hips and my IT band and afterwards even showed me some exercises to do in-between appointments. \n\nI also like this place because it's not *too* Zen. I like the nature theme and the peaceful lighting but it's not cluttered or too homey. It's clean, modern, and when I visited I immediately felt calm and quiet. \n\nTrina and Wendy told me that they're moving to a new space (the Fifth Avenue Downtown Scottsdale address) on September 11. They're having a grand opening and will soon have more therapists; they'll add yoga classes as well. As I left my appointment I met the yoga instructor, who was coming in to see Trina for a massage. She told me about the classes and seems like a truly smart, kind, down-to-earth person to take a class from. I'm definitely signing up. \n\nHaving just moved here I can't believe how lucky I am to have found this place! Very highly recommended.
"""I was lunching with my boss, so against my initial desire to order something expensive, I ordered a moderate-cost item... the special of the day, which happened to be Squid and Shrimp in a Pepper Sauce. \Just like mom used make,\"""" read the chalk-written board.\n\nOh. My. God. This turned out to be one of the best meals of my life.\n\nPepper sauce in my mind was a black pepper sauce. No. This was something entirely different: sprigs of fresh (white?) peppers on the vine, mixed in with a red-chili sauce. Squids and shrimps swam happily in this red pool of nirvana, which was not a pool at all but a firm, gorgeous, complex sauce combined with oodles of perfectly wok'd fresh spinach. Honestly, this dish knocked me out of the water. So succulent and unexpected.\n\nWaitress was new and not entirely familiar with the menu but helpful and friendly. When I stated I wanted it \""""really, really hot\"""" she asked me to confirm but did not put up a fight about it. Indeed, the dish arrived as I ordered it: really, really, really spicy. My mouth was on beaucoup  fire and it was orgasmic... every bite of it. Waitress also explained that there are two levels of absolute hot: \""""Thai Hot\"""" (which is what I got) and \""""Chef Hot\"""" (which is the highest hot of the land). Great information.\n\nWe were seated at the back booth next to the window which turned out to be not such a hot spot, because we were in such close proximity to the obnoxious guy at the table next to us who chose to ignore his date in favor of his cell phone. My message to women on first dates sitting with guys yacking on cell phones: \""""You can do better than that!\"""" Next time I will ask to be seated in the outside atrium area for this reason.\n\nAwesome, awesome. Five stars!  Thank you, Malee's, for a superior dining experience."""""""
"""I have taken two \Taste It Tours\"""" and I honestly am ready for my third asap. As soon as I knew Taste It Tours existed I knew that it was something I had to do. A food tour is what my family and I joke about doing every time we visit a new city so when I realized there was an organized tour I could take them on in Phoenix I signed us all up.\n\nThe first tour we took was the day tour which was a blast. Not only did we get to try some new, unique, local eateries but learned about the history of downtown Phoenix at the same time. The tour guide was extremely knowledgeable and the food was amazing. My favorite stop was Fair Trade Cafe which I have already visited at least 3-4 times since the tour.\n\nThe evening tour was just as great with even more amazing restaurants to check out. I was even more impressed with the menu/drink samplings and restaurant choices this go around. There was more of a focus on the food & drink versus the history which was a nice change from the day tour.\n\nOverall I would highly recommend this tour to anyone and everyone that loves food & wants to learn more about great local restaurants. In addition I would suggest you go for the $10 drink samplings since it only adds to the fun! \n\nThe Taste It Tour Team knows what they are doing and has done their research to provide the customers with the highest quality experience.  Can't wait to check out their new tours!"""""""
We just tried the new BLT steak at the JW Marriott Camelback Inn last night.  It was their third day of service.  Despite that, we were treated to excellent service, great food, and awesome experience.\n\nFirst of all, the resort is newly renovated and it looks incredible, like a lodge in the desert with views of  Camelback mountain from the patio.  The dining room is open and airy - not as trendy as Bourbon steak.  Our server was fantastic and when he found out the wife loves roasted garlic and bone marrow, he added extra to our meal and another marrow to go!\n\nThe Cote de Bouf for two entree ($86) was perhaps the best steak I've ever had - with bone marrow and bacon and mushroom ragout on top.  \n\nSides were good as well as the salads.\n\nPrices were high but I thought worth every penny.  \nWelcome, my new favorite steakhouse in town! (at least until the new one opens at the Phoenecian)
If I were to set up a market this is how I'd do it.  All of the essentials and then some, reasonably priced, friendly staff, easy to navigate and get in/out.\n\nTry any of the house brand stuff - most of which is delicious and cheap.  Hit it at the right time and you can score huge on the discount aisle.\n\nTheir coupon/points system is easy and can save even more.  I can count on one hand the number of times I've been to my old place since they opened this one.\n\nGranted, if you have a huge family and typically go to Wal-Mart and buy in bulk, this may not be the place for you - but if you have a small family, are single or are in a relationship with no kids - score.
What a great ball park!!!!\nWatching a baseball game under the lights with the roof open in early / mid spring in Arizona, doesn't get much better than this.\nMy party was spoiled as we were given a suite over looking left field (??)\nso we had really good seats, and clean toilets!\nThere are a ton of typical ball sports eateries at chase field, hot dog vendors, pretzel and beer vendors, pizza, etc...\nIf you're in the PHX area and are looking for something to do definitely check out Chase Field.
Probably the best 500 calorie salad I have ever had... The BBQ Chicken Salad is an illusion how they make this salad for only 440 calories is insane.. I will be eating this salad four times a week, My wifes Quail was so rich with the whipped sweet potatoes at only 375... RIDICULOUS! The food and service are 5 stars, but the atmosphere feels quite corporate and forced, The live piano Bar in the Lounge is kind of creepy.. Just my two cents.. But if you are looking to shed a few pounds.. Seasons 52 would have to be on you rotation list with True Food, Blue Burrito, China Lite, and The Chili at Wendy's:)
Normally the food here is to die for so I'm going to give this a fiver. Kung Pao Chicken and Dry Chow Fun are always a hit. Last night we ordered the Satay tofu and vegetables and it was definitely not what we expected. It came with vermicelli noodles and a watery chicken broth. We were expecting it to be in peanut sauce but was far from it. We wont be getting that again but we also paired it with Chicken Fried Rice which was a whopping 5 dollars. I'm not going to lie, this Fried Rice was the best I've ever had. I definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for authentic Chinese/ Hong Kong style cuisine!!! Don't you dare order off the AZ menu, try something legit off of the Hong Kong menu :)
For my first time staying at a Westin and visiting Arizona, I was very pleased with this hotel. The staff was friendly, welcoming, and my room was amazing.\n \nI was surprised by getting a nice and comfortable room on a higher floor and the view from the balcony was breathtaking. I stood on it every evening and morning. Bring a camera! The beds were even better...the pillows, heavenly and super soft. I slept better in that bed than I have in my comfy one at home. I was later pleased to hear that they sell them on their website. Smart. I had to get up early to work at a conference hosted in the resort that week, but if I could have stayed in bed longer, I wouldn't have stopped hugging the feathers out of these amazing pillows. \n\nMy favorite things about the resort (besides the awesome beds) were the saloon and the Deseo restaurant. May have been one of the best dining spots I have been in a while. With phenomenal wines on the menu, dishes filled with a melange of delicious flavors and fresh ingredients, and their bread is some of the best I've ever had. I would highly recommend going on a nice dinner date here or out on a business dinner. You won't be disappointed! The saloon below the lobby is also a great spot to grab some drinks and enjoy some bourbon or scotch. \n\nIf you are a golf enthusiast, they have a large golf course on site. By far, I will say that the fire pit outside is THE best amenity of this resort. With comfy large couches surrounding the fire put, drink service available, blankets there to keep you warm, this is the perfect spot to lay back and relax with friends in the evening. Everyone should have a fire pit. At 5pm every day for an hour, the hotel has a very talented Scottish bagpiper who wanders around the fire pit and golf course, entertaining those outside with some great music. \n\nI would love to stay here again sometime! This place is quite nice and may be my favorite hotel that I've had the pleasure to stay in thus far.
This neighborhood sushi bar is one of the best in AZ! Fresh fish, good portions, and great service. A place where not every single roll is filled with imitation crab and drenched in sauce! Majority of their sushi menu is pretty traditional...but the sushi chefs takes special requests if you give them an idea of what you like. I especially like the Cucumber Fiesta, which is a salmon/yellowtail/tuna roll wrapped in cucumber instead rice.\n\nThe staff is also very attentive. They check on your need often and clear out empty plates promptly. The thing that stood out most was the number of customers who are regulars. As I wait for a table, I always see people greeted by name and received with hugs. There must be a reason why people constantly come back, right? Check this place out and judge for yourself!
"""Oh CherryBlossom, where have you been my whole life!?? Discovered this spot by looking for restaurants nearby my workplace. Checked it out online, seemed decent enough. Loved the feeling upon walking, very \homely\"""" an authentic. I was confused by the italian/asian menu, but intrigued as well. Should I mentioned I've been 3 times since I first went there only 1 week ago? I've ordered their bento box (which changes daily), a steal at only $10! I've had their sushi twice. Everything is very cheap and VERY tasty. Servers are very friendly and pretty quick. In and out in 45 minutes during lunch. I think I will be frequenting this place very often."""""""
"""Tott's is some of the best Chinese food in the area. It's insanely affordable, large portions, and NOT the hole-in-the-wall, mom & pop, lighted-pictures-of-the-menu-on-wall-against-a-floral-backdrop style place you've read about in Fortune Cookie Chronicles. (Which is a fantastic read if you like Chinese food & history.)\n\nInstead, it's clean and modern inside, and Young, the insanely nice owner or brother-in-law of owner, is always very kind and generous and funny, to boot.\n\nNow, the food. You'll need to check the menu before you order to make sure they have everything you're used to. While most Chinese restaurants all pick from the same playcard, Tott's bills itself as an \asian diner\"""" and so standbys like moo shu pork are absent. To flesh things out, they add a handful of curries and some other pan-asian dishes you wouldn't normally see. (In the same vein, delivery service is also absent!)\n\nNow that that's out of the way, ignore everything I just said and order the orange chicken. It is the best I have EVER had. (I make sure to order it \""""not crispy\"""" since the shards-of-chicken approach is UNpleasant to me, which they abide by perfectly.) When it comes out fresh and uncrispy, there is no greater. It is just a bit spicy and has some red chile-type things in the sauce, so be prepared, or ask them to tone it down, but it comes out fresh, and hot, and amazing. \n\nTheir chow mein is also fantastic. It's chow mein as it should be: soft noodles, not dry at all, and with tons of vegetables. I have them throw in shrimp, and they always include a big portion of just-right cooked shrimp.\n\nI usually tap things out with an order of their great crab/cheese puffs. They're a bit light on the \""""crab\"""" side, and might be \""""krab\"""", but the flavor is amazing and their sweet and sour sauce is fantastic. Some of my favorite cheese puffs, pretty much ever.\n\nIf you dare order the pork rolls, a word of warning: they are an entire meal in and of themselves. They are the about as thick as your arm and there are two of them, served with sweet & sour mixed with spicy mustard. They are so big that they have to rubber band the foam container.\n\nThe portions are huge for dinner, and at about $11 each, you EASILY have two meals out of them.\n\nTake the time to hit up this place for a different take on great chinese food. And if you ask Young for the orange chicken, not crispy, don't be surprised if he thinks you're me. (That's usually how he recognizes me!)"""""""
My friend and I when here one day for lunch and we were both very impressed. Both of our dishes were beyond delish! We also had kiddos with us and though they didn't have a kids menu they still catered to them and had no problem they were with us (of course they were very well behaved). I took a look at their dinner menu and though it is a little pricy I really want to go back and give it a try. I love all of the seafood options! Service and atmosphere were both very nice as well.
I love this library nestled up in North Scottsdale. The architecture is beautiful and the exterior surroundings are nice as well. There is plenty of seating inside and seating outside as well. The exterior seating is under a covered area to shield you from the sun.  I really like the tables inside the facility that are right next to the tall glass windows because you get that natural lighting and get a chance to peak outside as a break from whatever you at the library for.\n\nThis library, as probably most if not all, features free wireless internet. There are also many HP Touchscreen computer terminals available. The monitors are really large. I'm not sure how big exactly, but it's probably more than 20 inches. There is also a circular, central seating area as you walk through the main entrance. The seats are in a circular pattern with little tables on the side that you can swing around that are big enough to sit a laptop on.\n\nThere are also other features to this library, but what I mentioned earlier are what I'm more familiar with. I visit this library every now and then on the weekends. It's never incredibly busy, but I'm not sure what it's like during the rest of the week. The hours are kind of limited on the weekend because their closed on Sundays.
It's hard to get away from everything when you live in a big megalopolis like Phoenix.  For a brief time, the canals can give you a break from our busy streets.\n\nI like to bike on the canals and as it gets warmer I'll start to go at night and get the ever so slightest cooling effect from the water.\n\nGet a map (from online or bike shops) and you'll find out that they more prevalent than you may have thought.   Go for a ride!
So glad I stopped in here! Was a last minute check in after I found out I was released from being on call all day! In need of a pedi bad and this place is right down the street so I went in at 5pm. \nI went for the ultimate spa pedi (decided to really treat myself!). Was not disappointed one bit!! For 49.00, got all the add ons, hot scrub, hot lotion, paraffin wax soak , a hot stone foot massage and the results= two very happy and exhilarated feet!! My tech was Kevin and he was awesome!! The place is beautiful, quiet and liked the fact that the pedi stations are in back and away from the front. Felt very relaxed and soothed!! Thank you Biagio and Kevin!!
My wife and I ate at this Chick-Fil-A this weekend and I liked it. She eats there all the time and has been trying to get me to go and I wasn't disappointed. I had the grilled chicken sandwich and some chicken tenders. Lemonade was awesome. More importantly the service was great. Everyone seemed to have such a great attitude which I appreciated. The person at the registrar was Camry and she was very helpful. We told her we were going to the movies and she told us where the theater was and how to get there quicker. I appreciated that she took the time to tells. My wife was impressed with how kid/baby friendly this place is. From diapers in the bathrooms to Cheerios in small cups for hungry kids, this place rocks!
Another new-to-me car, another hassle free loan from AZFCU.  I actually tried Desert Schools FCU first who quoted me an outrageous 12% rate!  Screw that!  Back to AZFCU, where in about an hour I had all the paperwork completed for my 7% loan and a check in my hands.\n\nThe only real drawback is that I can't pay the loan online.  Well, at least not from another bank account, my regular checking account is with Chase.  On their website, all you can do is check your loan balance and make a payment from another AZFCU account.  So this remains the last establishment for which I actually write a paper check.  Cute.
I LOVE PV!\nThe nature of this bar can appropriatley be summed up in one word, this word has been thrown around describing the pv lounge far more than any other as far as im concerned: dive.\nyes and if that frightens you, or that isnt something that draws you like a moth to a flame...or a wino to a dive bar, then for heavens sakes piss off and dont come here! \nFor the rest of us that like our beers and pool cheap, our tunes on the loud and punkish side, and our bars divey then you'll love the palo verde lounge. everytime i have been here i see something worthwile:\na fight between two hobos on the way there, punk bands from denver too drunk to properly play, vampish girlies that'll steal your soul at pool with a sly wink, and kids smokin chiba from a beer can in the back alley. It never fails to disappoint! \non the decor:\nIt's about as big as my apartment inside ( and my apt is TINY!).\nthe bathroom is about as equally disgusting as any hovel i have ever been to. There really isnt much room when there is a good band playing here- but who care's!? \nrub elbows w/ your barmates and make acquaintances! everyone is usually really cool and talkative, every time i have been there is someone new to meet.\nThe PV is just one of the best little bars in the area, and its on the way to and fro from yucca or time out, so stop by for a drink on your ride home!
We went here attracted to the grand opening banner that advertised $1 hot dogs and $2 burgers.  That sounded yummy, so we decided to check it out.  Pulling up I noticed they advertised real charcoal grilling and sure enough they cook everything to order on a charcoal grill behind the counter.   We were not asked how we wanted the items cooked, but the man cooking the food had been interacting with us, so I asked him to make my two hot dogs well done and he made the perfectly.  The toppings for the hot dogs and burgers looked fresh.  We ordered the macaroni and cheese which was also delicious.  I really wasn't expecting much other than a plain ole' hot dog, but it was really, really good.  We enjoyed the TV's that were playing, they are excellent quality and the world cup was on.
Eden's Grill has to be one of my favorite, and newly discovered Middle Eastern/Mediterranean restaurant in the PHX metro. Located in a sleepy strip mall, close to Artie's Ace, is EG. My partner and I had the opportunity to have dinner here a few weeks ago and we were totally wowed by everything! We started off with the hummus, followed by two orders of the vegetarian plate. The vegetarian plates were huge and featured dolmades, falafel, rice, veggie skewers and veggie patties (2). The vegetarian plate was massive and everything on the plate was delicious. Next time we'll pay the extra $5 and split one Vegetarian Plate instead of getting two. The pita and hummus were fresh and delicious, however, I find EG's hummus to be a a little thick for my preference and they use a heavy dose of tahini in their hummus. Overall, I would totally recommend EG to anyone with an itch for Middle Eastern/Mediterranean food but be warned, they aren't open for lunch on the weekends yet.
I have lived in the area for years and always passed this place wondering what it was.  Finally, my Husband and I decided to give it a try...we had no idea what to expect.  The place is very intimate.  Some of the tables are long with benched seating so yes there is a possibility you may sit next to strangers.  But who cares when the food is as YUMMY AS IT IS!!!  The menu pretty basic but has many options for a Pasties.  I ordered the Carne Adovada it was AMAZING!  My Husband got the Pesto Chicken he raved about how delicious it was (didn't try because I do not like pesto).  We ended with dessert some apple caramel sauce with ice cream it was to die for!
Free books, free movies, free mags, free wifi, comfy chairs with foot stools, self checkout, drive thru pick up and drop off, coffee, very separate children's area...ahhh....true love.  \n\nFirst off, the building is gorgeous with a zen-like front outdoor sitting area complete with the sound of running water.  It's open and airy, and just a relaxing place to be.  The set up is great - children have their own area with plenty to look at and explore, while adults have their own place to study or enjoy a book in some peace and quiet.  Definitely my favorite Scottsdale library, and yes, I've been to them all.   \n\nNote:  You may want to avoid after school from around 3:30 - 6:00pm....those kiddies from across the street can get noisy, giggly, and sometimes obnoxious.
We are huge fans of Cartel Coffee Lab. \n\nThe Mrs. is a coffee nut so we drive all over in search of the best cup and the best beans. It is one of our two very favorite places.\n\nFirst of all, their coffee beans...  We are firm believers in getting beans that are locally roasted. We've subscribed to the belief that flavor is lost  as you get too far out from the roasting. Cartel roasts their own and does a ridiculous job. They do a great decaf and a number of interesting and excellent regular varietals. If you don't already buy locally roasted beans, do yourself a favor and give Cartel's a shot.\n\nAs far as their in-house coffee drinks, the Cartel folk are pretty much obsessive in their pursuit of excellence. You won't find the million varieties of crazy drinks they now do in many coffeehouses but  you will find excellent drinks done by people who are serious about what they are doing. I for one, am happy to roll with their recommendations when I am there and enjoy my whole milk, leaded latte with agave syrup. \n\nThey also have a Clover machine (which many say does the best brewed coffee) which does 1 cup at a time. You will also see the beans individually packaged for the clover right nearby. One of the philosophies the folks there have expressed is that you want to get the beans brewing as soon after grind as possible. They've even minimized the number of steps you have to take to do this.\n\nCartel Coffee Lab is also a very, very cool place. It's kind of tucked away in a strip mall off University back behind Eastside Records. They've taken this industrial space and kept some of that which adds to the charm and also have put very cool local art throughout. Some of it changes which is also nice. They've also fabricated some things like the bar and space dividers which give it a neat look. Their roaster also sits out in full view. In addition to all this, they always have great music playing. Something about sitting down on one of those couches with their background music instantly relaxes me.\n\nAnd the last bonus for me is that with them being so obsessive about coffee, they also sell some great equipment in the front. We bought our burr grinder from them and couldn't be happier.\n\nAbout the only thing about Cartel that is disappointing to us is that they have recently stopped pulling decaf espresso shots. From what I understand, this happened because they switched their grinder system out for a better one. I hope at some point, they decide to grab one of their own burr grinders for sale and reverse this change.\n\nIf you haven't tried Cartel Coffee Lab yet, it's a must.
There is lots to love about this place, and I want to start with the service, attentive, friendly, and gracious. Our servers took such great care of our big table on monday night, that I have to give the place 5 stars before even one plate of food was served.\n\nAbout the food we planned the visit around Cien Agaves terrific Happy hour, so there were lots of tico tacos $1.50 ea and half price appitizers on the table, rounded out by a few entrees. Everything I tasted was delicious, especially the Chicken Quesidilla. Normally I would skip a chicken Quesidill on almost any menu, but I am so glad I didnt this time. Just the right mix of seasoned Chipotle Chicken and Cheese in a huge folded and grilled tortilla, with sour cream. This is by far the very best restaurant quesidilla in town. Everything served was great, and raves about the food came frome everyone.\n\nThey have great drink specials during happy hour as well, including 1/2 price margaritas and special priced beers. It's the tequilla selection that is special though. It's an amazing selection of some of the best tequillas in the world. You can even try some tequilla flights!\n\nInside the place is funky/cool, super clean, with some really cool art and lighting.\nIn Old Town There are some real GEMS and a few DUDS when it comes to mexican food, but Cien Agaves might just be the very best choice for Mexican food in Scottsdale.\n\nI MUST SAY TO MY FELLOW YELPERS---GIVE THIS PLACE A TRY!!!!!!!!!!!!!
"""I've been eating at Cyclo for many years now and I have never had a bad meal. \n\nI always start with the black pepper shrimp and since I've switched to a mostly vegetarian diet the past two years my choices have narrowed a bit, but Justina always modifies the food so it fits. \n\nOver the years I've had pretty much everything on the menu and whenever a friend asks me what to get I say, \Close your eyes and point, you won't be disappointed\"""". \n\nThe Vietnamese coffee at the end of dinner is a perfect ending to any meal. \n\nThe desserts are great and when I do get it I like the Mango Sticky Rice or the Creme Brulee. Both will not disappoint. \n\nJustina is a great and I think it is funny when people take her too seriously. She has fun with her customers and they should have fun with her. She can take it as much as she can dish it out so just relax. \n\nThere have been some comments that when Justina is not there the experience is not the same. How could it be? There is only one Justina and once you get to know her you'll realize she is really much more than a crazy hostess. She is a really nice person. \n\nI hope you enjoy Cyclo as much as I have."""""""
Awesomeness! So smart but It's a bit confusing for a fist timer. Them muffins are great wish they put more sandwiches and breakfasts on them. The place is so rules free I hope people do not take advantage because they give the customer the benefit of the doubt.\n    Pizza was nice, love to have tried the sweets but as it was January I was already way over my careful calorie count. The rockin tunes added so much though I am sure the format appeals to mostly a younger crowd. \n   Some Details, Counter Service until 4. Pizza day time only weekends. Sandwiches are picked up at a different counter than, pizza and burgers. There is a white bucket for your dishes.
My new favorite breakfast spot! Let's start with the Nutella crepes... Yum, Yummy in my tummy!  My friend and I were nursing a little hangover, so we were ready to chow down and ordered the crepes to split and our own meals =).  I had the omelet with a variety of cheeses, served with a fresh green salad and hash brown patty, it was cooked perfectly and I really enjoyed the salad on the side. I was also very impressed with their coffee, the strength was just right and served in a huge mug, so I only had to ask for one refill!  Because of the time we made it to the joint, other patrons were eating lunch, and I couldn't help notice a mouth watering bowl of tomato soup ... that will be on my next visit for sure!
First Watch is a favorite of ours for breakfast but they also do a nice lunch too.   Get there early if you are going on the weekend, this place gets busy but they seem to turn tables rather quickly.\n\nLunch time, especially later, is generally quiet and relaxed.  Good time to dine alone if you are inclined.\n\nTurkey dill crepe is one of my all-time favorites - fresh mushrooms & spinach make me smile.   I like my potatoes and toast/muffin well done and they always get it right.  Also extra-crispy bacon - a side order is 4 slices - share w/ your friends but don't pass it up.  I also like their skillet breakfasts but you'd better be really hungry because these guys are big.  Did I mention french toast & waffles?  Yes, they are also really good.\n\nIf you're a fan, join their free SunE-Club.  They'll email you coupons occasionally and a free meal on your b-day.  Now that's something to smile about!
Another great dinner in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area.  We tried out T. Cooks for our Saturday dinner date.  Located in the Royal Palms resort, I enjoyed how cozy the resort and restaurant were.  \n\nWe got there a little early and had to wait for a few minutes at the bar.  I ended up with a espressotini which was delicious and satisfied my caffeine need.  The bar scene and I guess dining scene was unique.  Definitely a much older crowd, lots of couples, and lots of people wanting attention.  \n\nThe food at this place was excellent.  We started off with the cheese and prosciutto platter which was okay and we could have done without.  A huge loaf of bread and pesto dip was provided and was super yummy.  For my entree I had the fillet mignon with potatoes au gratin.  That steak was perfect and melted in my mouth.  My entree filled me up so much I ended up skipping dessert.\n\nService was great as well.  They took care of us but allowed us to have our space.   Oh and one final note, they have complimentary valet.
"""I contacted Susan at SeaBlu because a coworker referred me to her.  I have always maintained my pool myself and always had a clean, clear pool.  However after the first dust storm hit the valley, my pool went from cloudy to brown to green in two days and nothing I tried worked.  It was one of the most frustrating times a \do-it-yourselfer\"""" could experience.  I called Susan, she was out at the house within a few hours and immediately got my pool under control.  She treated it that day, came back the next day to treat it again and educated me on what was going on the whole time.  In a few days, my pool reversed course going from green to cloudy and finally crystal clear.  Her knowledge of the issues and prompt service were outstanding and I was totally satisfied with the outcome. Rates are fair and communication was excellent.  Highly recommend her and SeaBlu to anyone that needs emergency help or just weekly maintenance.  Thanks for reading-hope this was helpful.\nCraig K"""""""
Five Guys you woo me with your delicious burgers and fries! The burgers are fat  juicy, flavorful and delicious! These burgers are old school Midwest diner type burgers.....Greasy the way a burger should be! I don't know what the problem is in AZ The burgers and Fries are excellent! The service at this location has always been fast and friendly. \n\nThese are awesome big ole greasy burgers! GO EAT ONE!\n\nSide bar (Debbie S) Post your review once not on every location that you have never been too that is just plain RUDE!
I decided to visit this place after reading about the owner in an article in the Arizona Republic. In my old job a coworker who sat next to me always brought in chocolate croissants for breakfast to share with me (from Albertson's bakery). This is how I got hooked on them. Then after several trips to Paris and enjoying the chocolate croissants there it was hard to go back to Albertson's chocolate croissants (last time I checked, however, Albertson's no longer makes chocolate croissants anymore). Anyway, my worries are now over as this is the best croissant I have ever had. Right here in the valley. My husband and I stopped by the other day and got the chocolate croissants while they were still warm. As we were driving away we decided we had to have more and turned around and went back for more. On our second stop we also purchased the Raspberry/Rose macaroon and, this too, was the best I've ever had. I haven't had any of their sandwiches or salads as of yet, but I will be going back for more croissants and macaroons for sure.
Eccelente! I am constantly on the look out for Italian gente, and as soon as we walked into That's Amore, I knew I had found some. \n\nIt was late and a little girl was in the window. She told me her favorites: nocciola, amaretto, e stratacella - a woman of traditional tastes. Her father was cleaning up, and clearly ready to close, but he graciously served us. We shared short Italian banter - his daughter is clearly the talker in the family, and she loves to entertain. \n\nTheir selection of gelati is extensive. I have enough trouble choosing amongst 12 flavors, so this was just clearly going to be the biggest challenge of my night. I went with the little girl's faves - nocciola e amaretto. Delizioso. My date went for fruit - chocolate coconut and raspberry (lampone). Also excellent. The flavors are rich and the gelato creamy. Their store is fairly large and bright. Their display case is huge and its contents induce immediate salivation.\n\nTwo brothers and their wives run two locations. They are local, traditional, and a very nice family. I will definitely make the drive out to see them again. I love good gelato.
To me, this is my favorite sushi spot and has been since I moved up to the Tempe area back in 2009. The Chefs are really friendly and service is great for the most part. \n\nNow, I only really get sashimi so if you really like sashimi, this place has- according to me- has some of the better tasting ones I have had around here. It's a great atmosphere and i'm probably bias because of my history here. \n\nHappy hour and reverse happy hour are great so if you haven't tried this place at least try it at those times! Try the albacore and salmon, delicious!
Decided to go to Beckett's Table because of Yelp's reviews.  It was exactly as described.  We had to try the cheddar bacon biscuits and glad we did.  They were flaky, tasty and no butter needed.  And yes, we did the macaroni and cheese as well.  Listen, if were going to Beckett's table we were going to try it all!  The mac & cheese was a unique blend but it worked.  We also had the short rib dish.  The meat just fell apart.  The yukon mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious.  We may have overdone it but it was well worth it.  Plenty more to try next time.  Oh, and try an Arnold Palmer...mmm mmm!  Cool ambiance too!  Beautiful presentation & great service.  A nice surprise for the location.  Great place, give it a try!
Arrived 10am on a Wednesday and on a wait as usual. There's a reason for that, because they are that good. I waited for about 10 min (only me in my party) and was seated. Server was VERY prompt showing up about a minute after I was seated. She was very pleasant and gave me plenty of time to look over the menu. I ordered the Santa Fe scramble with hashbrowns and pancakes. My order arrived in under 5 min and they were slammed! Food was hot and delicious as usual. \n\nWatching the staff work was like watching a professional sports team. Bussers were clearing tables seconds after guests left and guests were being seated as the busser made his last swipe with the cleaning cloth. These people do it right and if anyone says you can't expect this at less than a 5 star place, they're dead wrong. Point them to Butterfield's.
Title: Awesome Vegetarian dishes, fellow Vegheads!\n\nooo...My BFF and me hit this place after the Glendale Blues/Jazz Festival the other day and were pleasantly surprised. If you blink, you pass this puppy. We only found it cause we went one street too far wondering where we parked our motorcycles.\n\nWe're Veg, so we ordered from the Vegetable entree menu and split everything.\n\n#78 Vegetarian coconut curry  - Awesome flavor although I hate white rice, it all meshed together beautifully.\n\n#80 Flash-fried tofu with carmelized onions and tangy soy sauce - It's the sweet soy sauce that made this dish.\n\n#84 Bok choy soup with ginger and onions - amaaaaazing flavor. Highly recommended. Tasted good for leftovers too. mmmm. mmmm\n\nPrice was hella right, peeps. Only $6.99 for each of these delicious dishes. Say wha?????\n\nCheap date night fer sure!\n\nThere were only like 2 servers so the service was a bit slow but very friendly. \n\nAs of  4/9/11, they weren't serving alcohol per a few posted signs. I assume waiting for a liquor license to come through.\n\nWill be eating at this gem and recommending to friends every chance I get.
I dream of the day I have enough riches that I can hang out in places like Royal Palms regularly. I mean the night I showed up, well it was night, but it was also pouring down rain, and even through all of that Royal Palms was pretty enough to make me stop and look around before rushing in out of the weather. I headed into the bar to meet up with a few folks and the interior is just a beautiful space - warm and welcoming, and very classy. Bring people here that you want to impress.\n\nI, of course, had to order a glass of champagne and the lovely server brought it right to me. Perhaps she sensed I had been delayed at the airport that day before arriving to Phoenix for 7 hours? Or more likely they are just very good at what they do here. We immediately ordered since it was so late and I started with a pear, pecan, and blue cheese salad. For my main course I choose a seared Irish salmon that was served with leeks, tomato gratin, and a pea puree. It was all fantastic, but the tomato gratin made me want to invite the chef to move to LA with me. I mean no way could I afford that now, but a girl can dream!\n\nWe finished by sharing a couple of desserts and the one I chose was the Florale. It was made with lychee mousse and was quite light and just a bit tart. All in all a delicious ending to a delicious meal.
I really Love this place!\nI stopped in for lunch and tried a couple new things. \n\nThe Ravioli di Zucca Appetizer (see pics) which is:\nroasted butternut squash ravioli with parmesan, brown butter,\nsage and crumbled amaretti...OMG it was just delicious but a perfect appetizer to share , it's available in two sizes I got the small one.\nThe sweetness from the crumbled amaretti is a very nice touch.\n\nI ordered the Healthy Fish again (see pics) and once again it was perfect!\n\nMy guest ordered the Penne Salsiccia (see pics) which had Italian sausage, caramelized onions and pecorino cheese! The sausage was really good and for just $5 you can't beat that!
"""My wife and I went here on our bi-weekly date night a few months ago. I da just gotten back from France and was still feeling good about my culinary experience. \n\nI was a little hesitant at first to believe that an American place could match the flavors that I enjoyed, oh so much, while in Paris. However, Petite Maison far exceeded my expectations. I had the dry vac'd steak (I don't remember what it was called, but it was the special of the day) and it was \Holy Shit\"""" good! \n\nAfter dinner, we had some cheese and a glass of wine. The cheese was amazing. They had all sorts of choices to chose from. We had the sampler, so we were able to taste something like 6 different cheeses.\n\nIf you have $75+ and want to have a great meal with your significant other, go to Petite Maison. You WILL NOT be disappointed.  \n\nMy only complaint was that my meal had to end..."""""""
Are you listening Olive Garden management?  The hostesses were very friendly when greeting us as we walked in.  And the service?  Ashley was an AMAZING server.  I can't even think of enough compliments .  We were totally indecisive and she recommended wines and entrees and never rushed us as we looked over the menu.  Perfect timing for refills, etc., and seemed genuinely friendly and smiling.  I would highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, it has proven that good customer service does still exist!!!
Somehow this unassuming place in a strip mall in Arizona is one of the better Thai restaurants I've been to.  I've been here numerous times, and each time the food is consistently delicious.  One of the best Pad Thai dishes I've ever had, and most of the curries have had have also been quite good (save the Green Curry, of which I've had better)\n\nLike most good Asian restaurants, you should come here for the food and not the decor/ambiance/service/whatever.  On my last visit the decor appeared to be in the process of being updated from it's previous hole-in-the-wall look, but wasn't quite there yet.  I've never had a problem with the service -- they're very friendly and efficient but they don't fall all over themselves for you either, which is fine with me.  I believe it's a family run operation, so keep that in mind.  \n\nIt's not a high-end place, but if you're after good Thai food you won't go wrong here.
Blink and you might miss where Matt's Big Breakfast is located. But don't let the small size of this breakfast hot spot fool you, nor let the long wait deter you. Matt's had been right around the corner from me, and I had no idea until today what I had been missing out on. A group of friends and I all sprung for the daily special of scrambled eggs incorporated with hot links, white cheese, and peppers paired with delicious home fries. So while the wait, especially during a blustery summer day in Phoenix may make you want to stray, don't, and you will be in for a treat!
Nutella frozen yogurt. That is pretty much all I have to say about Twirl. I love frozen yogurt, but I'm first to admit that most frozen yogurt tastes about the same. However, this is not the case for Twirl's. The Nutella is creamy, it's chocolatey and it's completely delicious with every spoonful! They have a wide variety of flavors that are both fruity and creamy. In addition, they have several toppings to top off a delicious cup of fro yo! They have everything from caramel and chocolate sauce, to mochi and fruity pebbles. Twirl is the ultimate shop for a tasty sweet treat to get you through the day!
Excellent customer service mixed with amazing clothes!  \n\nI love it when I go shopping and the owner of the store assists you with a smile, let's you shop without hovering over you and makes excellent recommendations that you missed!!\n\nI found so many cute clothes - - it was hard to restrain myself from spending all my money!!  Items are moderately priced but worth it when you consider you are supporting a local entrepreneur and the independent, local designers that sell their clothes there on consignment.  \n\nI'll definitely be back soon!  I hope they still have this cute jacket I didn't buy . . .yikes!
If I could give a place 6/5 stars, that would be this restaurant.\nYou know those times when you want take out and you want Chinese food but you could be swayed towards sushi, or even maybe even Hawaiian? Go to this place and just stare are the MANY menu boards. It's all good. I've had their sushi (Tiger roll is my current favorite here), their chinese combo lunch plates (which are outrageously cheap), and their fried fish hawaiian combos. Everything has been great and way more food than I can eat.\n\nTheir service is great as well. They bring the food to your table if you are eating in and start you off with crispy wonton strips and sweet & sour sauce. Then your food comes, fresh from their grill, and it is just wonderful. They even offer to top off your drinks for you, and bring you anything else you need.\n\nYou could come here for lunch every day, try something new, and never run out of choices or variety. On top of that, their hours are amazing, something like 10:30 AM to 8PM. Early lunches to late dinners, and they deliver.\n\nI can't think of anything to complain about. Maybe they could offer soup. Really. That's my wish, not even a complaint, because I probably could not eat wontons, soup, AND a dish. But I would try.\n\n--- UPDATE - They DO have soup. It's not on their big boards but is listed on their small takeout menus. So, there you have it. It's all good!
Holy shit!  CUTE WAITER.  We found this place off the beaten path near the Legacy Resort and Spa where we stayed last night and if you're ever in the Tempe area, this is definitely a nice five star place prepped to impress...  and the help is HOT.  \n\nIt's a wine bar and restaurant that is set up in a beautiful converted home space that still has it's homeyness intact to the tea!  Good wine, but for a wine bar, a little sparing...  We had fun!   There was live music, great lighting, did I mention the hot waiter?, and an overall nice atmosphere (ie, hot waiter)!    The menu looked spectacular, but as you've probably figured out by  now, I was there for the vino and the view.
I just read that Verde is closing tonight, I hope to hell that is just bad info.\n\nI LOVE this place, it is SOOOOO good. \n\nIf great food could marry great service, then have a child called great location- this would be it.\n\nSimple, tasty food, with AMAZING tortillas and they have the BEST classic guacamole in town. Very large portion which doesn't try and break the bank. Best of all, they are awesome in not loading up the guac with tomatoes and other fillers, so they can use less avocados (yes Baja Fresh, I am looking right at you)\n\nPair your meal with a 500ml bottle of Mexican Coke (think Santa, not Scarface) and you have a great meal.\n\nPlease let the rumors of Verde closing be terrible lies told my evil people!
"""CUPCAKE REVIEW-- I love cupcakes, I love Red Velvet, and I am SO glad I found this bakery when I visited Phoenix! I have a passion for great bakeries (mainly cupcakes) and I convince my bf when we are out of town that we have to \try the local flavor\"""" (which means cupcake searching). I bought 4 cupcakes--2 Red Velvet and 2 Ooey Gooey. We took them back to my friend's house and I ate the best red velvet cupcake I have had in awhile. The Ooey Gooey was good as well, but couldn't measure up to the Red Velvet which is my favorite cake anyways. I live in California and have tried them all--Sprinkles included and I *wish*wish*wish* we had a Tammie Coe here. (I even have checked out there site to see about shipping but I don't know if they would be as good as they are fresh) The going rate for a good cupcake is $3-4 anywhere, which these little jewels were priced at so enjoy Phoenix! And Tammie Coe Cakes are welcome anytime here is San Diego!"""""""
We came down from Prescott for the weekend to visit the folks If you are looking for great frozen yogurt you will want to try this place. It is located at Dana Park on the NW corner of Baseline and Val Vista Dr.  It feels like it is in Gilbert, but actually a Mesa address. \nThe location isn't really very handy though. The shop it tucked deep in the corner of the plaza and would be easy to miss if you are just driving around.\n  \nThey have a good selection of flavors to choose from. I think you will enjoy the visit. We also found the Ocean Blue at Chandler Mall.
This place is definitely worth the long trek out to Gilbert.  It's some sort of retro farm house planted in the midst of beautiful scenery... you won't miss it.\n\nAhi Tuna Burger is heavenly.  Juicy seared Ahi tuna served on a bun w/ crunchy cabbage mix and a side of wasabi mayo?  Count me in.  Serious.  I always get the sweet potato fries because they are some sort of perfection.  This place serves the freshest food I have ever seen.  I guess the farm part helps?\n\nI would count this place down because there are usually so many loose children conquering the beautiful grounds while parents mindlessly chat amongst themselves but... I'm not that heartless.  It's usually always clean, the misters keep you cool & the heaters keep you warm.  This place is good for everyone... just beware of Chandler/Gilbert moms & dads who think farm grill is code for playground.
Stopped in here to meet with family yesterday.  the crew was friendly and was wonderful to everyone (they even took the time to walk an injured gentleman to their car after he finished).  Then there is the food their burgers were fresh and delicious and not too greasy their Italian beef sandwiches were met with fanfare as well.\n\nAlso they have a challenge for those who are really hungry if you dare, I believe it was an over 3lb burger, almost a Man vs. Food challenge :-)
This place is awesome! I take all of my out of state friends and relatives here when they visit. A must see! This place is cozy, and friendly. The staff is wonderful and the food is great! The food is like your grandma's home made dinners. It is lovely! You get so much for such a great price as well. The bears are super cute. It feels like home here. There may be a lot of people eating but the way it's set up it doesn't get loud so its nice. If you haven't eaten here yet, you are missing out!
Move over Maizie's you've been replaced...for brunch that is. I have a tradition with a lucky few of at least once a weekend going to Maizie's for their brunch and getting smashed. Oh, and we eat a little too.\n\nEverything changed this weekend though when we went to Postino on Central for their brunch debut. The food was so ridiculous good, that we actually forgot to drink. Did you hear me?? FORGOT TO DRINK!!\n\nSince it was our first time there, we ordered a variety of options. I had the Country Toast, which was toasted MJ Bread, topped with Italian Ham, Gruyere Cheese, and a sunny-side up egg. Ho-ly shit. Each bite became increasingly better than the last. It was the perfect bite over and over and over again. The ham had a nice little spice to it, the gruyere cheese had an intoxicating tang to it, the egg was, well, an egg, and the toast really brought it all together incredibly. And it was huge. I barely got through half if it before I had to give up.\n\nMy brunch date got Postino's take on French Toast. To be honest, I am not huge on sweets first thing in the morning, however I would have bathed in this french toast. It was creamy, not overly sweet, and literally melted in my mouth.\n\nI ordered a White Peach Bellini at the beginning of our meal per norm and while it was spectacular with actual peach puree in the bottom of my champagne flute, I completely ignored it after the first bite of my meal. Me. Ignoring anything in a champagne flute. I know.\n\nI feel a bit like the blase housewife who just cheated on her husband for the first time with the pool boy, but I'm sorry Maizie's, consider me shacked up with said pool boy every weekend in the early hours from here on out!
I've been to District a few times over the past couple of months while working on a project in Phoenix.  This is NOT a hotel restaurant by any stretch.  I've eaten in tons of hotels before and this is leaps and bounds above.  From the local draft beers, to the great menu and original entrees, to ending with flavored cotton candy, it has never disappointed.  Nice bar area and the restaurant seating ambiance is ok.  You won't be disappointed.  Recommend the 3rd st Salad and the Organic Salmon.
This is by far my favorite Thai restaurant anywhere!   The food is incredible as is the atmosphere!  The service is also top notch!  I highly recommend their Pad Thai and Tropical Pineapple, but everything I've tried from here has been very memorable!  The portions are large too, which is good since you won't want to put your fork down!  Just beware, once you try Malee's you will start to crave it ALL the time - it's that yummy.  Woohoo! As good as it gets!
Best steak money can buy within the 20-Mile radius of its location.  \n\nBeen there multiple times and the quality and the taste have been excellent each and every time.  Since ocean club is also in town, providing good quality and fresh sea food has always been one of their top qualities. I do recommend a sea food tower,  and a lobster mashed potatoes for every dine.\n\nIt's well decorated and the lighting has been set for the atmosphere and the crowd.  If you sit at the bar area, holding a conversation can become challenging at times.\n\nService has plenty of room for improvement;  Warmer staff will definitely help this manner; I do understand a few minutes of wait before getting seated, but every time has been at least 15-25minutes which  becomes very slightly annoying at times, but it will give you an excellent opportunity to have a drink or two at the bar and try one or couple of their Mojitos which are excellent while waiting;\nStaff members  are very knowledgable.\n\nOverall, when you desire a good steak for dinner, or a place to start off your night, this place could be an option.\n\nThis place will get 5 stars for where it's located;
Consistently good food!  Good iced tea.  Cooked in front of you if seated at the bar.  The beef tenderloin quesadilla is unreal.  A little pricy, but worth it.  The salsa (red) is perfect to me with a unique tang.  This is good food.  I see the same staff there for years, this tells me something about the owner-must be a decent guy.  Very charming and unique setting.  Next time you check it out, if you can find it, ask about why the shower is in the Bathroom!  I kind of hope you dont find it so all the good stuff is left for me!
Like a lot of other people, I went for a one month stint  (*cough* groupon *cough*). Most amazing yoga experience of my life. If I had the dough and lived closer to this amazing little nirvana-esque studio, this would be my place. Some studios get too corny with their faux new-agey vibe....but here I feel like the vibe and ' heart' is organic and unforced.  Brooke the owner is an AMAZING instructor. She provides useful information about the transformative effects of each pose and it pushes me to complete each section with dignity, grace, willpower and determination like no other. I've never advanced so rapidly (in as short as four sessions) both mentally and physically. I also went during August  and it helped me tolerate the insane mind melting heat with more aplomb than in past summers. You know they say that once you go Bikram, you never go back-ram ( I know that was corny with a 'k'). But seriously try it.
Solo Cafe is definitely one of the premier coffeehouses in the Phoenix area. They make excellent coffee drinks from Ron Cortez-roasted beans and all of their tea and pastries are from local businesses as well.\n\nThe ambiance at Solo can best be described as upscale eclectic. It definitely isn't pretentious, but it isn't the typical bohemian coffeehouse feel. The owners of Solo just completed a minor facelift of the shop, changing out some of the art and rearranging the interior. On the back wall, they added a large mural which features the Solo Cafe name. Also, they're in the process of adding a kitchen so that they can offer a wider selection of food, which I think will serve to make this awesome coffeehouse even better.\n\nSolo Cafe is a gem among the Phoenix coffee scene and it's great to see a local business thriving.
I frequent this place at least once a week to enjoy the wonderful affordable AND low cal fro yo at Golden Spoon. I LOVE this place. They have all the standard toppings and even carry seasonal flavors like Pumpkin (my personal favorite). The fro yo does come out soft, so I sometimes take it home and freeze it so it gets icey. All this considered, it still deserves five stars. \n\nHow can it be that we live in the scorching hot desert and there is only a handful of fro yo possibilities in the area? Of all the strip malls full of nail spas, tanning salons and every random franchised experience under the sun, why are there only a few jumping on the fro yo lovin train?
This place is amazing. cheap but great food and really nice staff.  the place has a great atmosphere with old Chicago stuff.  Their hot dogs are great. I personally love the chili dog.  The sliders are great too and  the french fries are the type that are amazing when warm but are still amazing when there cold.  You can also get authentic cheese fries, which accordingly to my girlfriend (a Chicago native) is nearly impossible in Phoenix. This is one of my favorite restaurants in Phoenix. We go to it at least 3 times a month.
I have been taking my son here for 7 years now. The entire staff is always attentive, they typically have appointments available when you call and your child is sick and their physicals have always been very thorough.\n\nI love they have two sides to the their office - sick door and healthy door. They also have Saturday hours at their other location, so that is useful if you need them. \n\nThey do a lot of newborn/new parent education. \n\nThe doctors and staff are always friendly, they truly do like what they do and they do a great job.
Went back to Hula's for a little pre-bday brunch with some family.  6 of us left trashed and full of delicious food for less than 150 bucks.  I'm not talking about lightweights either. We had a pretty serious collection of empty glasses goin on.  The pork hash was delicious.  Eggs came out a little less runny than I would like and they rushed back to grab me some new ones without making me feel like a d-bag.  Hula's is quickly becoming a regular spot for me.
Finally, a Southeast Asian food pulse around CenPho. When I first moved here, one of the things I noticed was how few choices there were when it comes to Asian cuisine. So nice to see something a little less common like Cambodian food get represented. \n\nThe spring rolls are a must. For $2, you get a very heavily stuffed roll of rice paper touting chicken, shrimp, cilantro, carrots, etc. The beef salad is also a winner. The seafood soup is flavorful and just might literally nourish the soul. The sandwiches with the pork pate are a great lunch choice. One day, I got one plus a roll to go--all under $6. Of the desserts, everyone should try the sweet and salty corn at least once. The tapioca is my favorite. Light and warm. \n\nThe best part about eating here is knowing that your money is going toward a very genuine and kind Cambodian family. I have spoken with the chef/owner's son every time I go in. A real sweet guy who will demonstrate how to play the xylophone-esque instrument that is the centerpiece of the main dining room. Speaking of, I love all the touches of decor i.e. travel books on Cambodia at every table. \n\nI really, really hope this place does not go the way of some mom-and-pop operations in Phoenix that had really great things to offer. I've been disturbed by the lack of customers I've seen a few times. I want this restaurant to really succeed. I don't want the lines out the door (otherwise I can't get in. ;P) but I want to see a steady stream of patrons. This place really has a chance to be a good-size fish in a big pond. It doesn't fit a cookie-cutter mold and it's got a fantastic bill of fare to show off.
I give this place 5-stars because not because of yummy food, but because of their CHEESECAKE! But I'll get to that later.\n\nTHE FIRST VISIT: After skimming through a friends photo album on Facebook, I saw that they ate here and I decided to give it a try! I went on a Wednesday afternoon with my boyfriend for some early lunching! \nI ordered the Linguine Frutti de Mare, its light and hits the spot for pasta and seafood! There are like a gazillion baby clams in that dish I swear.\nMy boyfriend ordered a ton of stuff but I don't remember... He throughly enjoyed his meal and said it was the best Italian food outside his mother's cooking! (He also mentioned that he'd never eat at Olive Garden after coming here.)\n\nEven after we were pretty much stuffed and ready to be wheeled out by our soft spoken and chipper waitress, we had to try the cheesecake, because I love cheesecake.\n\nIt arrived, and the first spoonful of the stuff was heavenly, it was rich and almost heavy, but it just ... Melts in your mouth, that it doesn't matter that you're probably gonna weigh six thousand pounds after the meal. It had roasted hazelnuts and raspberry sauce slathered all over it, oh god, I'm probably going to have to go tomorrow... And order TWO slices of cheesecake. Haha!\n\nMy first time here was amazing, our waitress was very attentive and humorous. The second time wasn't so awesome, but I'll cut the waiter that we got some slack because it got really busy really fast compared to the quiet lunch I had the first time. The second time our drinks were empty almost 75% of the time and that's no bueno in my book.\n\nThe only reason I will come back is for the cheesecake. I hope that stays consistent.
d'lish is for sure the perfect name for this little place. When you walk in, the atmosphere is great, what with the snazzy furniture, friendly staff, and the plenty of customers in line, eager for the fresh food they serve up. Their menu is expansive and you might feel overwhelmed by all the breakfasts, soups, salads, wraps, sandwiches, are you feeling overwhelmed as I talk about all the choices that will overwhelm you?! Last time I went there, I ordered the nuts n' berries salad, the perfect toss of greens, blueberries, goat cheese, candied walnuts, and a raspberry walnut vinaigrette. It's perfect! I've also had their butternut squash soup, YUM! I try to try something different all the places I eat, and at D'lish, it'll be a while till I run out of new options. Go here!!
Continue to come here for breakfast, been 8 or 9 times now and it still has yet to fail me. Today I had the santa fe sautee and it was delicioso!! There are so many options on the menu that it is hard to choose from, but I have definitely found 3 favorites on here. The turkey and avocado sandwich was not a fav.. but I'm not much of an avocado fan anyway. I definitely recommend this place to people looking for a good breakfast joint.
I really love this place!! Nothinglike a fun Sunday meal with my family to make me love it even more. We stuffed ourselves with delish catfish, fried shrimp , and tasty hazelnut Mahi. Service from Rocky was \nreally fast , effiecient without that fake cloying attitude. Felt like we were\nthe center of the restaurant. Funny how things like fast drink refills, quick service and welltime plate removal can do that.  \nAnd here is the kicker of the evening ..I know have ordered or tasted every dessert on thier dessert tray, scary but true. Did you know that three of their desserts are made fresh there the rest including cheesecakes are made in Texas and brought in. I got the fresh Brulee  . yummy.   Can't wait to go back.
We went late on a weeknight after having a pretty bad day, so I would like to go back another time to fully enjoy the experience. While sushi certainly didn't fix anything, it did make the day a little better to digest. We weren't overly hungry, so we didn't order too much... but their alcoholic drinks were very delicious! They have some neat mixed drinks to try out, so I want to go back and try some more of them out too! I forget what I had, but it was very tasty and very strong, although I didn't notice how strong it was while I was drinking it! :) The sushi itself was also good, and the miso soup was tasty. It wasn't very busy, but then again it was late on a weeknight. Not sure how busy it gets, but it was a nice relaxed atmosphere when we went. Everyone was very nice, and I feel bad because I was not in the best of moods. They were still super nice to me, though! We will be going back ASAP, for sure... and we will bring friends and family, too!
Now I know how non-Asians feel inside Lee Lee's...and the best part?  They sold me pure fat for 0.99cents a lb (best to call ahead, though I caught them in the middle of a butchering and they happen to have a slab handy to chop for me immediately), which is wonderful for adding into your own homemade sausages.  I used to purchase the fat pre-pckgd at Lee Lee's but could no longer find it in the past year, so I am glad to have discovered this place!
It's been over two years since my first review of SMC, I've since bought a new mountain bike from them and have had routine service there - and my review stays at a 5 star without question.\n\nI spent a lot of money there because they take the time to deal with my indecisiveness in dropping $3k. I had other options and I was shopping around including online but my decision came down to them. They're local, they ride the trails I ride, they're extremely experienced and knowledgable and seem to give a shit with my hundreds of questions I had in 26 vs 29, brain vs no brain, chassis geometry, this rear set with that shifter etc... like endless knowledge of everything they stock and more.\n\nIt came down to ordering a brand new 2011 or taking the last 2010 upper model in the shop. After some talking I walked out with the more upgraded 2010 model. I got a great price, had it in-hands and didn't have to wait the 4+ months to get the new one and I was stoked.\n\nRecently I brought her in for routine maintenance, left it there after my ride on a sunday and was back in hands tuesday afternoon. It went in dirty and grimy - came out like a million bucks :) Like seriously as clean as the day I bought it... \n\nAnyways - they care, they have only the best bikes there and evidently the best help, and that is why I spend my money there and recommend them to you.\n\nRide hard kids...
Kai Restaurant\nTop-Voted Scottsdale Restaurants...  \ntop notch in every way! unbelievable views at sunset.\nKai, meaning 'seed' in the Pima language, features a menu rich in creativity, history and Native American culture. Kai Restaurant is the recent recipient of AAA's highly distinguished Five Diamond Award. Executive Chef Michael O'Dowd and Native American Chef de Cuisine Jack Strong incorporate the essence of the Pima and Maricopa tribes and locally farmed ingredients from the Gila River Indian Community to create unforgettable masterpieces. James Beard Award-winning Chef Janos Wilder is consulting chef for Kai and is renowned for creating unique and indigenous menu experiences. Open for dinner Tuesday through Saturday, reservations are recommended. Kai maintains a smart business casual dress code. No denim preferred. Shorts, and hats not allowed  \nKai, a restaurant at Sheraton Wild Horse Pass Resort & Spa on the Gila River Reservation, joined the prestigious list of top-rated restaurants in Arizona four years after opening its doors. It's the first tribe-owned and Sheraton-operated restaurant to make the national list. At Kai, waiters serve and take away every plate at the same time for every diner at a table. They call every diner by name and place mints and personal thank-you notes inside guests' cars or hotel rooms.
Great store, plenty of parking, and has everything from biking, clothing, kayaking and rock climbing.  I can spend hours looking through the different sections of the store and walking out with new gadgets and boots.  \n\nWhat ever it is that you do in the outdoors, they most likely will have it.  There employees really know what they are talking about, having much experience in the outdoors and the products that they sell.  They got a bike shop inside so they can fix your bike or what ever.  They have classes on GPS, bike care, kayaking and tons of other things during the week and on the weekend.  They have the most recent products there and  much more... they have everything you need for that next trip, hike or ride.
This is the best buffet in Az. HUGE variety from veggie dishes, fish, shrimp, mussels, and even sushi. The quality of food is very good too. One thing I have learned is when looking for good Asian food, look inside! This place is always full of beautiful asian folks so you know its good. Just sayin'. For a buffett, they have a really nice staff. There is a shrimp dish with a sweet cream sauce that is amazing. It is more pricey than most asian buffets but well worth the extra few bucks. I eat here at least once every couple weeks.
This is Tempe's greatest kept lunch spot secret.  \n\nThe food is always super fresh and delicious.  The service is awesome and its family owned.  They also use a lot of local fresh food.  For example, they get their hoagies fresh daily from an Italian deli nearby.  And it's some of the best bread I've ever had.\n\nI've tried everything on the menu and I've been a regular for several years.  If I had to recommend one thing on the menu it'd be the Italian Cheesesteak (add mayo, lettuce, tomato to make it 'hoagie style').  They grill that bad boy up fresh every time.  The soups are great too, my favorite is a tie between the Albondigas and Broccoli Cheese.  My wife enjoys the tuna or turkey.  You can't go wrong, check it out!
First, I did not eat here.  This has nothing to do with the food.\n\nI was in the area and had heard about this place.  Younger crowd (yes, it's close to ASU) but good music, good atmosphere.\n\nStrong pours from the staff.  I mean strong.  I mean five stars strong, on any type of liquor, any bottle.  If you hang out in Scottsdale and need a reprieve from that scene (and that L.A./Vegas price point for drinks), this is a place that should be on your short list.  You will think you died and went to heaven when you get the tab!
"""I really enjoyed this place.  Made a reservation for 4 and mentioned my wife's birthday.  We were seated promptly and the service from start to finish was very attentive.  We started with the appetizer plate and split a couple of salads.  The appetizer plate consisted of sushi, a shrimp stick, a lobster potsticker, and something else that escapes me.  Very good and the platter for two was split by the four of us.  We had the farm salad whick contained walnuts, different veggies and an outstanding dressing.  Our friends had what was titled I believe \Wowie Shrimp\"""" and they really enjoyed it.  For main courses, I had Mahi Mahi crusted with Macadamai nuts--delicious with a lobster glaze type sauce.  Rich but very good.  My wife and one of our friends had Scallops with basil---excellent dish and huge portion--scallops had a little crust on the outside and very tender on the inside.  Our other friend had Ono (sp.?) and really enjoyed it as well.  We ordered to of their lava cakes for dessert.  They brought out one decorated for my wife's birthday and didn't make the traditional scene that many restaurants do.  They comp'd both desserts which I thought was pretty classy.  All in all a very good experience and certainly worth another visit."""""""
"""We went to the Farm to check out the Farmer's Market and go to lunch.  It was amazing.  I can't believe this is only 15 minutes from my cookie cutter stucco house.  It's almost hard to believe it's even in Phoenix - though to a native like me, it's just one more reason to remember why Phoenix is so great.  \n\nWhen most folks used to think of South Phoenix they thought of crime, blight and anything else associated with being on the \wrong\"""" side of the tracks.  Sure, there may have been areas right next to downtown that were like that, but most of South Phoenix was all farming community.  While some of this still exists - especially near and in Laveen - most of these farm plots were sold off during the years to individuals for their own homes - and any of the large lots were sold off to developers in the last 10-15 years or so.  Most of these became mass produced houses (like mine) or shopping centers.  The Farm is off of 32nd street (with property stretching back almost to 24th street) between Baseline and Southern.   To put this in perspective - there is a huge Target/Fry's/Ross/Applebee's kind of complex at 24th and Baseline - and the South Mountain Community College is just North of that on 24th.  At 32nd and Baseline there is the Raven Golf course, with lots of condos all around it.  That all seems a whole world away once you pull in to The Farm.\n\nI'm attaching some pictures from their web site www.thefarmatsouthmountain.com.  I've been only to one of the restaurants so far - The Farm Kitchen which is their lunch spot.  But I plan to visit Morning Glory soon.  All the stores are amazing - and it's so cool to see where it all grows.  As we walked by the gardens it was great to see some kids (and adults) having the process explained to them of how they grow the food organically here - and it could end up at one of their restaurants, in one of the nicer restaurants in the valley, or sold at their Farmers market to be eaten in their own home.\n\nCheck out their menus online.  Yes - it's a bit pricey.  I was hesitant that I'd think it was \""""worth it\"""".  But oh it was.  I can't explain it any better than stealing from a commercial - You can TASTE the freshness!  Everything just tasted so much better.  Not that the atmosphere didn't help - but it wasn't the only factor.  One interesting thing to mention - pets are ok.  There were two folks there who brought their dogs.  The doggies seemed quite happy to have some run around space (leashed of course) and then a nice meal by a picnic bench.  \n\nI'm planning to go again - bringing lots of friends and family at different times.  I'd love to try out their yoga and/or gardening classes too! This will definitely be on the short list of places a visitor needs to go when visiting from out of town.  Better yet though - it's one of the few places you can go in town and feel like you took a day trip out of the valley."""""""
"""Eat Mor Chikin. That's all I can say. Chik-fil-A and baseball apparently go together like pitching and Tommy John surgeries. To avoid paying a premium for buying food at the ballpark, we stopped at a nearby Chik-fil-A for a quick bite. I spent $6.29 on a chicken breast sandwich, fries and a drink, and what did I find inside my paper bag? A coupon for $5 off baseball tickets. Talk about a win-win! \n\nPeoria Sports Complex is another great ballpark in Arizona! We came here last Monday for a Giants/Padres night game, and I was really impressed with the facilities. With the aforementioned coupon, we were able to purchase $21 club level seats for $16 apiece. \n\nNow, mind you, these are premium, wide, padded seats between home plate and first base for $16. Plus, you get an exclusive concession area and an elevator, should you need one. Most people in the section were older, armed with a scorecard and a #2 pencil. Our friend even caught a ball when he went to get a beer (and by \caught\"""" I mean \""""found it on the ground\"""" because he was the only one getting a beer at that time). \n\nThe ballpark's batter's eye reminded me of PETCO Park, which, I am sure, is not coincidental. Peoria Sports Complex has the best scoreboard in all of Cactus League, too. I am sure while reading this, some Padres AND Giants fans might channel Skip from Bull Durham and say: \""""What do we need a scoreboard for? We haven't scored any runs all season!\"""" I am sure that's about to change. \n\nParking here at Peoria Sports Complex is another matter. For $5, you get to park close to the stadium, but if you are too lazy to walk, just take the shuttle. The shuttle is a guy in a golf cart that seats seven. Man, I would pay $5 just for the ride. It's fun, kind of like a roller coaster ride for shut-ins. Highly recommended. \n\nNote: Nearby Hooters is open late after the game. So if you started your night with a chicken breast sandwich like I did, you can end your night with . . . Well, I'll let YOU finish that sentence."""""""
This place is the Hope Diamond of hidden gems! I grew up in an Italian household, so Italian food is as personal as it gets for me. And this place does Italian well enough to please my grandmother. My husband and I went for a romantic dinner, and we were not disappointed at the amibance of the place. The owner himself was seating everyone and while it was an air of elegance, we also felt really welcomed. Our waiter Julio brought us our menus and ice water right away, which was great because it was super hot out, even for Arizona. We selected a Chardonnay from Fess Parker vineyards, and because we had a gift certificate from restaurants.com, we opted to split a bottle of it. It was the first of many great decisions. For our appetizer we split the antipasto for 2. Incredible. Fresh veggies that were perfectly roasted, cold, salty meats, sweet rich cheeses, awesome! Their fresh sourdough bread was a pleasure to eat, with that just right crispy crust and light, fluffy middle. We both had the ceasar salad, which really prepped us well for our meal, as it was well sized and not overly dressed.  I ended up with the seafood risotto and my husband had the baked ziti with sausage. We were stunned. First of all, they came out HOT! Not the luke warm-ness that's becoming too common now, but truly hot! My husband loved his ziti. He went so far as to say it's better the first baked ziti he ever had, which was on New York's Mulberry Street with his parents when he was a teen. My risotto had so many layers of deep intense flavor I was beside myself. Not overly full of seafood, but enough to satisfy the craving, the clams, mussles, scallops and shrimp were to perfection. There was small peices of shredded lobster throughout. The peas, red peppers and asparagus were done well, but not mushy and the rice was just al dente. The saffron lobster bisque broth was intense in flavor but let each aspect of the dish shine through! As much as we were enjoying dinner, we decided to take half of each portion (very large portions, so bring friends or a large appetite or be prepared to take some home) home with us so we could have dessert. I'm so glad we did. We had the vanilla creme brulee. You could actually see the vanilla beans in the custard. And it wasn't overly sweet. Too many are cloyingly so, but not this one! And it had a rather thick ring of the burnt sugar, which I liked, cause to me that's the best thing about creme brulee. The owner, as mentioned by others, was all over the place, but always making time to sit and chat with his patrons to make sure they were happy. Julio was fabulously attentive, not being in our faces, but our glasses were never empty and the pace was perfect. We agreed this is a place we'll be going to at least once a month, if not more!
"""I've been going to Oregano's for years. It has always been fantastic. The wait can get ridiculous at times so I plan accordingly. But the last time I went it was less than stellar. To avoid the wait for a table (it was rainy and cold this day otherwise we would have taken the faster option of getting seated with first available) we chose to sit at the bar and eat. The waiter took the order of the couple sitting next to us and then took ours immediately after. Our neighbors received their order in the expected amount of time, however, our order did not come out until our neighbors had eaten and paid. This was a bit annoying since we were quite hungry and the orders were taken at the same time. They ordered a large pizza and salads. We ordered a small pizza and a order of wings (their wings are terrific fyi). So I didn't see what the hold up was. When we finally received our order I was not at all satisfied with the pizza. It didn't have the same crispy, delicious crust I was used to, but I am not the type to complain about the food unless there is something seriously wrong. So I just dealt with it. I went to the lady's room to sufficiently clean up the wing sauce and when I got back I overheard the waiter/bartender and my boyfriend talking. He asked how everything was and my boyfriend said the pizza was ok but the wings were great. The waiter left and we were visited by whom I think is the manager. She was an older lady and looked in charge anyway. She came, made some small talk and laughed with us for a moment, and then asked us about our experience. She heard our pizza was only \ok\"""" and wanted to know what it was that only made it \""""ok.\"""" So I explained to her and she took what I said seriously. She also took the price of the pizza off the check which was not necessary at all. Although it had been a less than stellar visit to Oregano's I knew that I would be back again because all the other times I've been there have been wonderful. I was completely delighted with this experience because they really showed that they care about what their customers think and they care about their experience with them. I recommend checking it out! Also, do not pass up the pizzookie (pizza cookie), it is to DIE for! yummmmm!"""""""
This is a great place that is close to everything on the Mill Ave District!  My Girlfriend and I always make sure to stop after going swimming at the ASU campus for the Tuesday and Thursday after 9 U-Call-It's!  The U-Call-It's include EVERYTHING unlike most bars who only do call drinks.  The only exception that I could find is that for Yager Bombers the Redbull is two dollars extra (still cheaper than your average bars bombers!)\nIt's a beautiful active bar with friendly and fun bartenders!  I work at one of the Radisson's in Phoenix and constantly send people to this bar and have never received a complaint!  This is by far one of the best hidden secret of the Mill District!
I go here for the 3-D movies.  They are in REAL3D.  Better than any other Cinema.  I also like going in to see a movie in the evening and coming out to see all these old school cars lined up in the street.  I get my movie date and my husband gets his car fix.  This place is great for family, singles, and dates.\n\nThe seats are comfy and large for my big booty and easy to snuggle up to my hubby.  The place is always clean and has great quality picture and sound.\n\nIMPORTANT NOTE:  They take Harkins Cups for refills!
"""Eden's Grill is, without question, home to some delicious, homemade Middle Eastern food. Not since going to the houses of friends of my father many years ago have I tasted food like this. \n\nI should clarify...\n\nThere are great Middle Eastern restaurants in Phoenix, but a lot of the places have food that tastes like restaurant/deli food. This is not bad at all...restaurant food can be very delicious. But, then there are places that serve food the way \Mom\"""" makes it. It's that special little bit of love that I'm talking about. In the case of Eden's Grill, \""""Mom\"""" IS making the food. Well, not my mom, but the mom of the great waitress that served my table today (So sorry I didn't catch her name.). \n\nFor our lunch, Bobby T and I went for a side of hummus and baba, a gyro plate and a beef kebab sultani plate. The hummus and baba were solid, loaded with garlic and topped generously with olive oil. The gyro plate was also solid, the meat wasn't too dry and the veggies were definitely fresh. Above the previous two menu items stood the beef kebab sultani. Each bite had the two of us smiling because it was so good. The kebab meat had flavor infused into the core of each piece...never did I chew a bite and not get the flavor of the marinade. It was awesome. We also got to taste some of their hot dolma. I have only been served hot dolma at three restaurants, and each time they have been great; definitely worth trying if you're a dolma fan.\n\nThere is one last thing that we tried that everyone needs to come to Eden's Grill for though, and that is the rice - basmati w/ golden raisins and chopped almonds. The rice especially tasted like it was made with love and not just by a chef. I still crave it as I write this (good thing there was plenty left over). \n\nI'm excited about this \""""new\"""" find for me, and I think other Yelpers should be as well."""""""
My friends and I made it to U.S. Egg yesterday for brunch.  This place was absolutely bustling!\n\nLuckily, our wait was great -- only 10 minutes.  This gave us time to go over the sizable menu.\n\nI had the Sonora Breakfast burrito.  It was SO freakin' good!  Lots of chorizo -- which was surprising, because that seems to be the first thing they skimp on.  It also had peppers, eggs, and several other very yummy things.  It came with potatoes that were really good too.\n\nMy friends got one of the veggie frittatas, and thought it was fabulous.\n\nOur waitress was sweet, chatty, and very helpful.  \n\nThe only thing that wasn't great was the coffee -- it was just OK.\n\nThis is one of those places that should become a weekend routine!
Love...love...love Spinatos!  Honestly, one of the best pizzas in town.  I've been eating here since the mid 90's and it has consistently been great!  I usually get the Super Six.  It has everything on there except the kitchen sink!   The thin crust is never ever soggy and that sweet sauce is like crack to me!  The service is always great.  Do expect a wait on Fridays and Saturdays.  If you have more than 8 people in your party, prepare to wait atleast 1 hour or more on busy nights.  For an appetizer, totally go for the bruschetta!
"""I have to say that I was pretty intimidated to try Cartel about a year and a half ago - simply based on poor service reviews and threats of hipster judgment.\n\nWhen I want coffee, its because I'm beastly. I just woke up, I'm not looking like the hottest/hippest/nicest person in Tempe. I mean, I never look like that but when I NEED coffee, I need to dose myself in a safe and secure environment.\n\nSo I went to Cartel expecting the worst, I ordered Iced Toddy. To keep my order neutral and cheap. It was okay. Pretty f-ing good in comparison to xtreme bean, my only other Toddy experience. I branched out into soy Lattes because I like to get some protein in the morning. I know....latte for breakfast - aren't I a pillar of health?\n\nNO ONE judged me when I would order my soy latte with sugar-free vanilla in it. NO ONE. I've gotten some jokes about it, but who gives a fuck? It's $4.50 - I'm being a yuppie suburban bore when I order it and I know it and I don't give a shit if they know it. I love them for keeping me in check anyways. How is a kid from Tempe supposed to know anything about coffee? That's not my business. As the customer, it's our business to try new things as suggested by the people who's life's work is coffee.\n\nSo I tried an americano by suggestion. Its DELICIOUS. GET ONE. Iced/Hot, whatthefuckeverjustgetone. I go here for an americano EVERY SINGLE DAY OF MY LIFE except when I am out of town and I bemoan the lack of Cartel even when I'm in Los Angeles (Mighty City of Intelligentsia). Which brings me to another point, the LINES.\n\nIf you are looking for a McLatte, they exist. It's called McDonalds. They are everywhere. Cartel is not a run in/run out kind of place. They are offering a luxury item as well as an experience. You wouldn't go to a spa and bitch about your facial taking too long. If you want to see lines, go to Intelligentsia during the midday rush and you will immediately appreciate what Cartel is doing.\n\nFor serving the entire ASU community with outstanding coffee, 20 minutes sounds about right. For a drink that is delicately crafted from bean to cup, $2.50-$4.50 is just right. For a locally owned company successfully competing with corporate giants, you might as well just go and give a deserving shop your money. \n\nAnd if you are nervous about being judged by the \hip\"""" kids who look like they smelled a fart, recognize that they are only posing with their macbooks and modern literature and are too vain to break character. \nAnd if you are nervous about being judged by the baristas, try SMILING at the people who are SERVING you - because you remember how hard it was to deal with customers before you got your middle management salaried job, right?\n\nI love you, Cartel."""""""
I loved the Pink Spot.  I have been there a few times already.  The first time I had to try the Kona Coffee ice cream.  It was delicious and so I got it in a shake and walked around Roosevelt during First Friday cooling off with my delicious shake.  I, being the coffee addict that I am, went back for another shake a few days later.  Oh my, it is delightful.  A couple of weeks later my husband and I were lunching at Z Pizza and walked through the doorway connecting the two and got the Kona Mint Sundae.  It is a scoop of Kona (my favorite) and Mint Chocolate Chip (his favorite) with hot fudge & whipped cream.  It was perfect for sharing and was a tasty end to our meal.  \n\nAlso, they have a really neat lamp hanging up at the end of the counter by the register that looks like white mesh tubes tangled together.  I was really interested in it so I asked the girl behind the counter where it came from.  The owner was sitting at one of the tables so we talked about it.  He even told me where he bought it in (a store up near Kierland Commons) and we had a nice little conversation about the design.  \n\nPink Spot has a couple of new fans....
"""Chris is wonderful...prompt, professional, knows his bikes and provides fast, convenient and complete mobile service!! Very reasonably priced. He got my mountain bike tuned up and ready to go in an hour after I called to set an appointment the day before. At first, I called a few highly rated bike shops close to me to schedule a tune up.  I called on a Thursday afternoon. Even though I was told: \Sure, just bring it in\"""" ..no one could get it done before end of day Monday. That translates into a full weekend without my bike. No way! Chris saved the day and had me up and running for my Moab trip in no time.  Thanks so much Chris!"""""""
Looking for a Swimsuit or resort clothes?  Hate trying on bathing suits? This store is for you!  Even if you are a size 2 and love trying our suits this store is still for you!  I am a very hard to fit swimsuit person as the top is much bigger than the bottom in terms of size and I found 7 bathing suits that fit me perfectly!  Elise is amazing and they will even custom make a suit for you AT A REASONABLE PRICE!   I will NEVER buy another suit in Arizona at Dillards, Macy's Target or anywhere else.  In 45 minutes I had the best selection, customer service, friendly help and I never once felt like I could have found better styles or prices.  Do yourself a favor....go get your swim and resort wear at What Women Want Swimwear..and you will be thanking me for writing this post!!!
After a long day of nursing a hangover and a long night of pretending to not be home because we didn't have any Halloween candy for trick or treaters, we decided we needed some pizza. I drive by Florencia everyday and we keep saying we need to check out some of the establishments in this shopping center. Yelp says it's good, so obviously, I trust the palettes of my fellow Yelpers. We headed up there, it was pretty dead and the owner met us at the door and said we could only get takeout because they were closing up at little early. It was only about a half hour early and the guy was real cool about it, so we were fine with it. We went up to the bar and ordered a 12 inch pepperoni and italian sausage. All the girls at the bar seemed really sweet. They told us about 15 mins, so we sat down to wait, one of the girls came around to offer us something to drink while we waited, which I thought was nice. I can see some of the comments about the decor. At first I thought it was odd that the floor is just concrete, but it actually all kind of grew on me after sitting there for a bit. It has kind of a rustic tavern-ish feel. We started talking to Val, the owner, who was a real nice guy. Telling us about the place, they've been there for 11 years I think he said, so it's a nice neighborhood joint. He was real down to earth, just sitting at the bar drinking a beer and catching the end of the game. We noted that they had a pretty interesting beer selection both on draft and in bottles, which he said he rotates fairly frequently. He seems to have a pretty strong passion for beer and real interested in getting in some local brews and interesting selections in there. We got our pizza home and it was cheesy and delicious. The crust wasn't super flavorful, but the texture was perfectly crusty on the outside, soft on the inside. The sauce had good flavor and the ingredients tasted like high quality. The pepperoni had a real nice rich flavor and the sausage had a nice flavor with the fennel and other herbs and spices. True it was a little on the expensive side but I'd rather give my money to a nice guy like Val than to Domino's any day. I'm looking forward to heading up there again to sit at the bar, watch a game and enjoy some more pizza or perhaps one of his calzones with a local brew!
I absolutely love this place.  The food is awesome and the owner genuinely cares about downtown PHX and giving her customers an awesome choice for dining.  I live nearby and eat here often.  Try the Pho- you won't regret it.  Spring Rolls are fantastic- I love the variety and splitting several w/my husband. Ambiance is awesome- not your run of the mill chain restaurant drab beige interior, as they've made over an eyesore of a historic home into a chic and welcoming spot you'd be proud to take a date... and you must take anyone who thinks the Phoenix food scene is lacking in character and hipness ;)
My almost 3-year-old son loved this place!  It's a nice respite during the miserable summer weather.  It's perfect for kids his age.  There was something for all interests--visual, art, tactile, everything!  I love that all the rooms are kid-sized, including the sinks in the bathroom and a separate/lower hand-rail on the stairs\n\nProbably not the best value for crawlers or older kids.  But for 2-5 yr-olds, it's a wonderful place!  The only annoying part are the parents who don't lead their kids by example.  Saw some pretty poorly-behaved, rude, and bully kids there.  But that has nothing to do with the museum.  Just a sad commentary of the lack-of parenting skills out there.\n\nAnyway, we love the museum and think that it's the best $9/person we've spent all summer!
There's nothing not to love...\n\nIt's rare to find a place that's so unusual in the middle of Phoenix. \n\nEverything is good and they have these french pancakes that I can't resist getting each time I go. That's a problem because their pizza is so good... So now I figure I'll still get the french pancakes and take a pizza home for dinner.\n\nI just like the whole atmosphere. Very city like with tight cramped rows of grocery items and gifts along with tables scattered about to sit and enjoy the weather. \n\nSandwiches, Breakfast, Pizza and don't forget the most beautiful decorated cakes I've ever seen. I have yet to try them because they appear dangerous to my thighs.
I have been taking my car here for washes for 2 years.  This is the best car wash place I have been to.  I would highly recommend it!  The prices are very reasonable, the staff is always offering me coupons same day to use, the car wash itself is great, the staff is extremely friendly, and I don't feel they are overly pushy for sales like some other car washes. \nToday, however, I had a new experience.  I lost my cell phone while I was there.  It was an extremely busy Saturday afternoon at a car wash, as you can imagine it would be.  You wouldn't have known it based on how the entire staff, including the owner, treated me.  They all helped me search  to find my phone.  I could not ask for better service than that!  =)
i really can't believe that this place doesn't have more reviews... i discovered it about a 1.5 years ago and couldn't be happier with my find... i enjoy every visit as much, if not, more than the previous one. My favorite dish is the pork katsu, i'm not quite sure how its made, but the best way I can describe it is a 'tempura-fried pork chop'... but even trying to describe it as that simply doesn't do the dish justice...\n\nThe service has been exceptional every time, the front end guy on the register (who i believe is the owner) is always all smiles and is quite personable yet professional...\n\nP.S. be warned... this place accepts cash only, however the food is cheap enough that as long as you got a little jingle in your pocket, you shouldn't need to visit the ATM.... Also, if you're coming during lunch time, expect to take it to go... the building is somewhat small and has only about 4-5 tables inside and maybe 2-3 outside...
I was looking up papa johns to order some pizza and I saw some really bad reviews on google so I was second guessing ordering from here but my friend from to Tucson and says they have really good pizza so I order the pizza anyway and it was the best pizza I've ever had! ( they were saying they got sick and they were throwing up and not only on just 1 review) I don't know what the people on google were talking about but I will definitely be ordering pizza from papa johns again!
"""I love my car. Perhaps to an unhealthy level. I just have to put that out on the table immediately in attempt to add some weight to the following statements.\n\nSince I found Goodspeed, when I am working on my car, I look to Goodspeed first. I go here for my oil and filters (They've got Motul oil. Simply the best!) I went here when I had trouble with my air intake and they helped me sort it out. When I started getting a check engine light related to my turbo, I went in here with my suspicions of the cause. I talked to Jon for a couple minutes to describe the problem, he reached under the counter, pulled out a part and said \This is what you need right here.\"""" And guess what? He was right!\n\nI will continue referring my friends here, and going here for all my needs, most especially when I start doing more serious tuning of my car. I may live 30 miles away, but it's absolutely worth the trek."""""""
This place was amazing!  Thanks again to yelp, we found a place that very clearly rivals (and may even exceed) the AZ Bread Co. in Chandler for killer breakfast.   The coffee house/bistro/bar combo is inventive and will certainly have me coming back for lunch sometime to enjoy a beer or cocktail.\n\nThere wasn't a bad thing to say about our visit this late morning.  Ryan(?), the server, was amazing, just the right amount of checking in.  He also gave us a brief history about the place and how it was came new management recently, but kept the menu the same (except for the omission of ham last week).\n\nThe food was delicious and the amount was well worth the price (about $10/person for breakfast).  The red pepper hash was tasty, with a very slight crunch on the bottom and a mouth-watering flavour profile.  The other star of the food was the thick-sliced (homemade?) buttered sourdough bread.\n\nThe drinks were amazing drip coffee that wasn't so acidic that you suffer heartburn and had a deep, rich flavour that blew most restaurant coffee out of the water.  Also unsweetened apricot iced tea.  Just try it.  As long as you are a fan of bold, well-brewed iced tea the very slight (but unmistakable) tinge of apricot will do nothing but improve the experience, especially on a hot Phoenix summer day!\n\nBottom line, go here, contribute to the local economy and let's turn the Orange Table a Scottsdale classic to be enjoyed for many years to come!
If you care about your car, you'll make the effort to head to Los Olivos Hand Car Wash. I'm pretty particular and careful about the care of my car. So much so, that in the past, unless I need it waxed or detailed, I usually washed and vacuumed myself. \n\nNow, I find myself still sneaking in for a little TLC at Los Olivos though, when I am too lazy to do it myself. The staff is super nice and very helpful with letting you know about what they offer and any specials without being pushy in any way. They even have a punch card and eventually you get a free wash. Pretty dandy eh? \n\nThe waiting area isn't top notch, but it's a car wash people. It does have a small shop with sodas, snacks, gift cards, random misc car items and some chairs to sit and wait. Supposedly there's a shoe shiner, but I'm still waiting for the day we're there at the same time. Additionally, Giant Coffee is just a hop, skip and a jump away, and that's usually where I am while I wait.\n\nI've been a loyal customer for awhile now, and this past weekend, realized it was time to get the interior of the car detailed again. They did a spectacular job which prompted my need to review. I ordered the mini detail which does a full job inside and a wash and buff/wax outside. The four hours was so worth it. They even offered to give me a ride home if I really needed, but I had prepared. My trusty laptop and I did some coworking over at Giant all afternoon. And when I was called that she was ready to do, I was in no way expecting to see my car look as new as she did over 5 years ago. I'm still in awe. Ever since, I've been showing her off, and it feels like I'm in a brand new car all over again. The paint is shiny and new, the inside was cleaned from top to bottom (even the ceilings) and the detail in the dashboard and console is incredible. I had already decided to never go anywhere else, but now I think I'll be getting it detailed much more often.\n\nYou will not be disappointed. I love this place.
"""Everybody raves about the carne asada and pastor, but we go for the bean and cheese burritos (no lard!), vegetarian quesadilla, and (for me) corn on the cob.  My kids are especially crazy about the bean and cheese burritos, and my youngest loves the vegetarian quesadilla -- flour tortilla with monterey jack cheese, lettuce, caramelized onions, guacamole. Corn on the cob is sweet white corn, lite mayo, cotija cheese, chili, lime.  Salsa is tasty and fresh -interestingly, it gets spicier if you leave it in the fridge overnight.  (Guac is just ok, in my opinion.) Also, order online for quick service.  For those wondering about the \America's\"""" name, that's the name of one of the owners: http://www.americastacoshop.net/about"""""""
Beautiful location, beautiful decor, good prices at Happy Hour--what more can I say?  Went on a Wednesday as that's ladies night.  And we had heard it was Cougarville then, so I was hoping to see some old broads with gobs of makeup and looking sleezy to laugh at chasing younger guys.  Crud...none of that happened.\nGood food, good drinks at Happy Hour.  I have nothing to complain about with this place at all.  Kinda ruins my record, but this is really a nice place with every age group it seemed.\nAfter 10 pm they had a band playing that played great tunes with great singers.  Couldn't stay any more since we had been there since 4 pm to get a table outside on the patio area, but I would have loved to have heard more of this group playing as they were that good.\nI love this place and will come back again for sure!  I felt comfortable there even tho I am a geezer with other geezers, and appeared to have everyone from about 30 y. o. to death in the audience.\nGreat, great place to have a drink and relax!  I've found me a new home!!!
My honey and I have been frequenting 5th and wine for the past couple months and love it. We have yet to actually sit at a table because we are scared to leave our great bartender. If you ever have the chance go, go just to meet Steve. He is awesome. Very friendly and informative about wines and the menu. He is also pretty good to look at :) I'm just getting into wine and he has been a fabulous guide and always gives great suggestions. I also have to eat gluten free now and he was extremely helpful! The steak was amazing and my honey loves all the bruschetta including the hummus one. I do not like the hummus one though. We enjoy this place and plan to keep coming back!
All I can say is this place is phenomenal!  We came here on a whim while in town and were amazed at how great the food was and service.  We even used a restuarant.com coupon.  We have told dozens of our friends to stop by here if they are in town.  GREAT PESTO with the bread.  Yum.  Hubby had cheese ravioli which was to die for (and I don't even like the stuff).  \n\nDon't pass this place up, it was great.
"""At last, after years of bad, mean and rough dentists, an office that is amazing!\n\nMy parents have been going to Dr. Walker for about 12 years and have always been happy.  My insurance never worked with his office until recently.  I went in for tooth that had been badly mangled by several dentists, convinced he was going to have to pull it - which is one of my major phobias, I like my teeth in my mouth thank you very much.  Instead, he was able to put a crown on, and save my smile!\n\nThe staff is soothing, and always explain everything to you prior to starting.  They have a great DVD system, where you can pick a specific movie to watch.  I was able to get ignore the long (but painless) process of the crown buildup by watching \Finding Nemo\"""" - and they had many other titles to choose from.\n\nAlso had them do my cleanings, no guilt trips about flossing, but a pretty smile when I walked out."""""""
I had an amazing facial here! \nThe space is clean, inviting and relaxing. Park in the lot south of the building, it is less crowded. \nAfter an hour of pampering my skin was glowing! \nThey offer many of different services including laser treatments. I will be back for some more aggressive treatments to fix up my flaws (not that I have any)! \nAnyway, the staff is very professional. \nBefore or after your treatment go next door for some great Thai food!
Awestruck.\n\nThat is how I felt sitting on an overhang just off of the Boulder Canyon trail, taking in the most magnificent view I have seen since moving to Arizona.  Enjoying the pleasant warmth of the sun and the light breeze, it was one of those rare moments where I wouldn't change, well, anything.\n\nThe Boulder Canyon trail was my first venture into the Superstition Mountains/Tonto National Forest.  What a great introduction!  I am happy to know that something so enjoyable is less than an hour from my front door.  \n\nFirst, the winding section of AZ88 to/from Canyon Lake Marina (parking for the trail) is an experience in itself.  Definitely a take the convertible, drop the top, wind in the hair type of drive.  Woo!  Twists, turns, breathtaking views of the lake and rock formations, plus a couple of one-way bridges thrown in just to keep things interesting.   \n\nThe trail itself begins on the south side of AZ88, right across from the Marina, and immediately starts climbing into the hills.  Parts of the trail are a little challenging, with loose rock and a couple of fallen saguaro to maneuver around/over, and a few areas with somewhat steep incline.  Take it at your own pace, you will get there!  (hint:  if your friend is much faster than you and disappears into the distance, take solace in knowing you have the car keys... haha!)  There is a lot to see along the way - cool rocks, huge cholla and saguaro that look like something out of a Dr. Seuss illustration.  Due to the recent rain, everything was much greener than I expected too.  The reward at the peak is more than worth the effort - a panoramic view of Weaver's Needle, Battleship Mountain, La Barge Canyon/creek and the Superstition ridgeline.  Truly spectacular.\n\nIf you haven't been here, add it to your to-do list.  Now.  In a couple of weeks, there should be wildflowers...
Hugo was great, He has been there for 11 years and he knows how to cut hair, old school.  I felt he did a great job at all the classic details right down to the hot lather shave of the back of my neck and sideburns for a really crisp edge.  He made sure my brows were not bushy and that no stray hairs were growing out of my ears.  I have not had such a professional and enjoyable haircut in years and wanted to share the experience. While I was there a steady flow of people came in, The other Barber while I didn't catch his name seemed equally professional.  This is a Barbershop the old fashion way, a place for all kind of guys to get the haircut they are looking for
"""Amazing, amazing, amazing! We walked in first thing in the morning. The place was super clean and someone was singing in the back \ were open, were open\"""". I found that completely charming and welcoming. We were promptly greeted and our order was taken shortly thereafter. The chicken was great dont know what they did but it was moist and perfectly seasoned. The waffles had this nutty goodness. Portions were large. \n\nI live in Mesa but have dreamed of it since. Need to make my way back there to try the catfish, oka and red velvet cake. Yummy for my tummy."""""""
I like this store a lot!  It has a good selection of dvds and music in stock and if it's not in, it generally can be special ordered.  Rather interesting shirts can be had there it seems.  The incense smells wonderful, I might add.\n\nThe staff is the other bonus.  I don't recall ever having bad service there.  The staff is usually rather nice.  My last visit was over the top with first rate customer service and fun conversations.  \n\nBefore a few days ago it would have gotten a 4 star rating but my last experience was so good, I felt the need to add that 5th star.
WOW!! This place is awesome. I love local coffee establishments. The place had a really homey feel to it. The art design on the wall gave the place a unique feel. They're hand drawn and painted, which separates itself from the Starbucks mass-produced art work. \n\nI loved the fact they used Pandora as their music source. Lots of great collection from indie musicians. \n\nI ordered the 12oz Mocha which was very delightful to the palette. It was smooth and refreshing, it didn't have that burn taste. It was just great! Their menu is VERY healthy.\n\nThe owners are very welcoming and great to talk to. I like how they interact with the customers which give it that personal connection. I'm definitely going back to this place it's just a GREAT place to hang!!\n\nThis place has potential. They are expanding their menu so watch for goodies within the next couple of months. They buy a lot of their produce from local farms which help sustain the community - I'm a big fan of that!!
Great place to socialize, eat good food, and drink tasty beer! I would definitely reccommend this to people. I had a very creative burger called the popper burger which was really good. The person I was with also got a burger and said it was really good. We tried a few of the beers and were very impressed with them! I came on a Monday or Sunday night and it was busy. This is kind of a loud, social place, so I wouldnt reccommend going here if you're looking for a quiet, classy dinner...it is a brewing company!
This was an excellent night out we had  it just took me a while to get around to writing a short review.      The atmosphere here is king,  the steaks are yummy and the staff is excellent. \n\nJosh our waiter was there when we needed him and he gave great suggestions and took care of all the people at my table.    \n\nThe Mac and Cheese was my favorite,  make sure you try it.\n\nAdd this Sam Fox location to you list for Steaks.
If I could marry soup, I would do it. I mean, I love soup more than life itself, and there are days when I have a soup that makes my husband come in a distant second (and I love HIM to pieces). This is how I feel when I order soup from Vermont Sandwich Company. Today's choices, Roast Beef Vegetable & Chicken Florentine were both fantastic. Yep, I orderd a cup of each instead of a soup and a sandwich...seriously, it's THAT FREAKING GOOD!\n\nThey make these soups fresh every day, so you call in the morning to find out what today's pot of gold will be. A few weeks ago, I called the day before and not only did they not know yet what the soups would be the next day, I GOT TO PICK THEM! Holy mother of Pearl, did that make me a happy girl! \n\nThe standard French Onion is incredible, but the potato leek or corn chowder are also fantastic. Heck, I haven't ordered a soup yet that didn't put me over the moon. In store one day, got to sample the Country Apple as well...(drool).\n\nAnd don't forget the cookies. Yep, Maple bacon...just saying.
Kind of hidden back in the parking lot, but anyone who loves burgers and shakes and rock 'n roll, who danced the jitterbug and wore bobby socks and crinolines and tight sweaters will appreciate this place.  Juke box music and surley waiters & waitresses complete the picture.  This place gets 5 stars just on audacity.  I love it.  If I close my eyes I am taken back to the old drive-ins with the little trays that hooked on the car window and cute roller-skating cheerleader type waitresses who could balance 4 shakes, 2 soda pops & 6 burgers & fries all on one little tray  . . . and it only cost $3.50.  Well, you won't find those prices here, but the rest of the history is here - on the walls, in the booths and music and most of all in the food.  Fast Eddie's is another time, another place, and another warm and fuzzy memory.
So I have been here about 4 times and every time I go I have a good experience.  I would have to say they have some of the best bruschetta around and if you want brick oven pizza I would suggest this place over Pizzeria Bianco any day of the week...plus that there is never a two hour wait!\n\nI would say they are a bit pricey! But the food definitely doesn't make you feel cheated. And what I really like about the decor of this place  is the little veggies on the vine as you walk into the front door gives this place a cool vibe. Kind of a modern place. Like the lay out quite a bit. \n\nOnly down fall is the seats at the bar are not very comfortable and the do not have a foot rail so your kind of hanging there and the booths can be a bit small if your a big guy like me but that aside this place is the bomb.
"""Did you wake up naked in the driveway again this morning?\nI know...happens to me a lot too.\n\nYour wife warned you about this,  and now she's talking divorce.\nWhat do you do?\n\nThe only logical thing you can do at this point, that is if you want to save your marriage....tell her you're signing up for Alcoholics Anonymous.\nOnly you don't actually sign up for AA, you just tell her that.\n\nWhat you do instead is sign up for the Tuesday night men's bowling league at AMF.\nI know, perfect...right?\nSame night as the AA meetings.\nAnd, the same duration, 35 weeks. \n\nJust remember to take off your \Marauders\"""" bowling team shirt afterward, eat a bag of popcorn to cover the beer breath, and don't get duped into answering any questions  calling for a three or more syllable word in the response when she asks about the meeting. \nIt's those pesky word slurs that'll get you nailed.\nWell, that and waking up naked in the driveway. \n\nOne more thing.\nYou'll need to memorize that whole twelve step thing, randomly blurting them out over the next 9 months. She'll get sick of hearing about them, and stop asking so many damned questions.\nThis will really throw her off the trail. \n\nYou're on the road to recovery my friend...a changed man, and all thanks to AMF!"""""""
I love the cozy feel of Roaring Fork, but what's even better than the atmosphere is their incredible happy hour menu. I think they have one of the best happy hours in town, especially when they start their all-night happy hour during the summer months! That's right, I said all night happy hour! Their happy hour menu includes their signatures items including the pork stew, fish tacos and the Big Ass burger...and yes friends, it's truly a Big Ass Burger! Keep an eye on their updates because a little birdie told me that the all night happy hour is coming to town very soon!
A mom and pop type of sandwich deli that has been around for many years.  You definitely won't get that chain feel like Subway, Quizno's, or Blimpie.  The owners are always so friendly and the prices are great.  Sandwiches are spectacular and I'm loving the location near Central Ave and Camelback, so much seems to be going on in this area. New restaurants and stores opening up all this time and I'm sure this place will be around for a while.  \n\nI'm getting hungry just thinking about the place!
I don't usually write reviews whether good or bad, but after my experience with Teri, I felt that it warranted me taking time to write a review.   I feel that good service should be rewarded with a good review.   I have been to many places for microdermabrasions, and Teri has by far been the best.  She took the time to discuss my skin, complexion, and products.  She explained each product she was using and also  sent me home with lots of samples.  I didn't feel like she was rushing through the treatment at all, I felt very pampered.  I have been to other places that rush through my treatment in 15 min.  With Teri, I was on the table for at least 90 min.   I found out about Teri through Groupon and her treatments are extremely affordable.  What usually is $60+ at Scottsdale salons is only $35 for her.   She works out of a cozy, clean room upstairs in Salon XL.  The aroma of the room is laced with lavender and peppermint tea tree oil.  I definitely would be recommending her to my friends.  Thanks so much Teri and I will be seeing you for future treatments!!!\n\nL. Smith
Lee Lee is a fish scented heaven.  After a few kinks and months of anticipation, they finally opened on the corner of 75th Avenue and Cactus, across the street from the lovely Pholicious.\n\nThe soft opening appeared to go off well.  They're currently in the process of putting together two in-house restaurants and I'm excited to try them.  I suspect reviews are forthcoming.\n\nMy biggest issue with Lee Lee is the organization.  The aisles are set up by county and that can lead to a bit of confusion when looking for specific products.  Where is the coconut milk?  Why, it's not in the tea and bottled/canned beverage section with the other canned milks.  It's not in the generic canned stuff area.  After a bit of searching, I discovered it's housed with the Thai foods.  This example holds true for many products and can leave one scrambling in circles, attempting to muddle through the organizational logic.\n\nDespite the flaws, Lee Lee is amazingly beautiful.  Moving into an old Albertsons, it's immaculate and exactly what this neighborhood needed.
A recent addition to our dining pantheon, Liberty Market has yet to serve us something we weren't impressed with. In the few months since they have been open, (October 2008), we have been back numerous times for Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.\n\nTheir menu is still evolving and a few new items are added from time to time. This is a major plus for any restaurant keeping the choices changing and the menu fresh.\n\nThey have a wonderful selection of breakfast items and baked goods all with a bit of a twist to them that you are sure to enjoy.\n\nLunch and dinner feature pressed sandwichwes with fresh ingredents like arugula, basil, fontina and gorgonzolla cheese, balsamic viniger and some of the finest meats to be found on fresh made daily breads. Their wood fired pizza oven puts forth the best pies you'll find this side of Italy with a wonderful crust that is both crunchy and toothful.\n\nThe finest carrot cake around for dessert and truly fine coffee. Not to mention the best bowl of hot chocolate on the planet, made from scratch not a can of syrup. Yum!\n\nYou owe it to your self to give Liberty Market a try, your tounge and your tummy will thank you.
I almost feel like I am cheating, but as someone who has been going to YC's for 15 years, and has done her best to stay true to them as their veggies got limp, the floors got dirty, and the staff got sweatier, I just can't do it anymore, not with this hot new Mongolian Grill around the corner. This place takes it to a whole new level, and its so clean, and so many options, nothing can compete...then you throw a $2 pint happy hour special in there and yeah, sorry YCs...can we still be friends?
"""It was windy & rainy this morning, as I was out running errands.  I realized that it was just the right weather for some great Mexican food, so I whipped in here to Juan's for a second visit!\n\nNow if it's a torta you want, there's no substitute for Los Reyes de la Torta, but for a regular Mexican menu, I can't recommend this place highly enough.  Here are a few points from my experience today:\n\n*  Super comfortable atmosphere due to window free dining room with just-right lighting & acoustics!  Yes, the place is busy...  Yes, there are lots of kids.  No, nothing will interfere with your comfort, especially in any one of the booths lining both available walls.  The \vibe\"""" is just perfect here!\n\n*  Their extensive, easy to understand menu gives you plenty of Combination choices, & at low prices!\n\n*  The chips are terrific, & the delicious salsa is just hot enough.  ... And yes, they're free!  (Yes, some Mexican places are charging for chips now!  Can you imagine?)\n\n*  I have been waited on by \""""Crystal\"""" both times that I've been here, & received extra friendly, \""""just right\"""" service!\n\nI had a #14 Combo today ($7.29), which included a Chile Relleno (made with a Big Jim New Mexico Chile), a shredded beef taco, generous servings of refried beans & cheese topped Spanish Rice, & three hot corn tortillas rolled up in foil on the side.  The food here is a little fiesty overall, but not super hot, & it's all delicious.\n\nThis is a restaurant where everything is right!     :-))"""""""
I'll have to admit, being a non-smoker, I wasn't sure how much i'd appreciate the joint.  That said, I thought the lounge was a great addition to the old-town scene. \n\nThe number one reason for this Yelp review is the ice-ball. If you don't know, ask the bartender on duty to add one to your cocktail....and it will make your night. Even coming straight from the sports bar scene in khakis and a tank top, I felt welcomed and appreciated at this bar, which seems to cater to all types....both members and non alike.\n\nThe staff was top notch -- not too stuffy or self-serving, and I enjoyed the time I spent there. I'd be remiss if I didn't mention the great patio area and the live Jazz I saw setting up as I left.\n\nI think as soon as more of Scottsdale finds out about this gem, they're going to make it seriously uninhabitable for the likes of me. But if that's their only problem....I think I'll be able to make the occasional exception.
so after having lived in the phoenix area for 2 years, i decided it was high time to finally see some of the restaurants everyone raves about.   This was the first restaurant i was told to try and boy was it amazing.   The wait was crappy but my friend and i just brought something to occupy our time.   Since we are medical students we had plenty of notes to keep us busy. nonetheless, we decided to see what the wine bar was like next door and a couple of glasses of wine later we are all giggles and boy talk.  3 hours later (which is a bit too much in my final opinion) we were seated at the bar and promptly ordered.   We shared an appetizer, spiedini (Italian fontina wrapped in prosciutto with arugula greens) and it was fantastic!! the cheese was perfectly melted and cut by the salty prosciutto and peppery arugula.  As for the pizzas, we each ordered a pizza knowing that we would have leftovers to take home.  I choose the Wise Guy mainly for the fennel sausage and it was worth it!  The pizza crust was amazing, super fresh cheese and the onions were caramelized perfectly.  My friend decided on the Rosa, which she really enjoyed, although we both agreed it was incredibly greasy.   All in all, a fun night away from studying, but is it worth 3 hours of smelling pizza and being starved while you wait? ....That's your call, but i will say it's the best pizza I've ever had in the US and almost as good as the pizza i had in Spain.
We here for my first time yesterday with my mother who has been several times and has nothing but good things to say. \n\n1. SERVICE - everyone is extremely friendly and helpful, down to the super friendly valet! \n\n2. The facility and grounds were so clean and smelled amazing. Great clean up crew :) \n\n3. The rooftop pool was AMAZING. The pool was not overly chlorinated and it felt like there was water softener which made it so nice to swim in. \n\n4. The whole experience was quiet and relaxing and my masseuse with Linda was great. She was friendly, considerate, and STRONG. :)
This was my first time for Boba! YAY BOBA!!\n\nIt was surprisingly good!  I ordered a green tea with milk and sugar syrup with regular boba....I Loved the flavor of the tea and the boba was cool, chewy like a gummy bear but doesn't stick to your teeth.\n\nCute and comfy atmosphere with a ton of different ways to order your boba. They also have  a small food menu which I didn't look at but saw what people were eating and it looked pretty good.\n\nAnd if you've gotten a little tipsy after all your Boba drinking they even have a karaoke machine!\n\nI can't wait to go back!
This is my shop for routine service for my truck. I always get the feeling they are being up front and honest, and they have never tried to push unnecessary service on me. Prices are fair for an independent shop.\n\nThey do have a waiting area, but you may need to wait to have service done if they have other cars ahead of you. I live close enough that I can just walk home, but they do offer a shuttle if you need it. If you're in a hurry (say need the oil changed, but only have 30 minutes to get it done), best call ahead.
Supherb Moving Company!!!  Brandon was a great mover and made my move stress free and efficient.  He showed up on time, and began working quickly.  It was by far the fastest and easiest move I have ever had.  His positive attitude and knowledge of moving made things move seamlessly.  I will definitely be using his moving services in the future and would highly recommend that anyone use this moving company for their future moves.  Thank you Brandon, for making my move, so smooth.
This store in my eyes is the Ralph's that I am used to in California. This is your one stop shop for a good amount of your daily needs. There is a gas station, pharmacy, bank, red box, bakery, florist, butcher all in this one location and the prices are amazing. The lines here are short which is a relief coming from California's line ridden grocery stores. There are four self check out registers and at least six assisted check out lines. Customer service is key at this location with a greeter at the front door and employees walking around trying to assist you in any way possible.
"""My wife and I ate at this place while visiting family. We saw it had great reviews and the locals liked it too so we tried it. It was definitely worth all the hype. It was delicious and seemed authentic since it was owned and run by a Polish family. When you ask customers there what's good, they say everything so it's sure to be great and it was!!! We tried the \My Big Fat Polish Sausage Sandwich\"""" and one of their soup of the days which had spinach, carrots, and potatoes with a hard boiled egg. It was delicious."""""""
We have been eating here for about 4 years and I have honestly never had a bad experience whether dining in or taking food to go.  I'll admit that I'm very much a creature of habit. I'll usually get the same thing. My husband, however, has tried different dishes and I've enjoyed those as well.  \n\nDine in experience is always pleasant and service is great.  This is the happiest we've been since we don't have the Chinatown from home to enjoy.
ok, on those nights that you really don't feel like going downtown, but still wanna go somewhere to chill with friends, this place is PERFECT!  whats not to love about the sweet margs, cheap beer, and awesome happy hour specials!   the chicken dip is absolutely amazing!   We used to come here for dinner once a week also, but since they took the stuffed poblano off them menu, we really only come for drinks and apps.  the employees are so much fun and the whole atmosphere just makes you forget your stress.. or was it all those delicious strawberry margs?...   hmm :)
"""The name \Dick's Hideaway\"""" is an understatement! This is as hidden as a restaurant can get. Hole in the wall? Yes! \n\nI was Yelping around on Saturday morning looking for somewhere to eat in AZ that wasn't a chain. Challenging task, I know. I needed something that reminded me of home. Something with character and culture. This is when my prayers were answered and I stumbled upon rave reviews of this adequately named establishment. Chile Adovada on their brunch menu? Surely I wasn't in Scottsdale anymore... this sounded like heaven to me! I could hardly contain my excitement when we finally entered this humble abode of brunch delight! At last- I found a joint that didn't resemble a Denny's or Ihop. I was delighted to say the very least. My boyfriend had the breakfast burrito and I of course had to get the Chile Adovada. It was pure bliss. The plate was large enough to feed 2 but I was starving. Every bite was out of this world! I could talk about the food for hours but let me move on to the ambiance. It was about as cool as the food. I felt like I was part of a club or something of that nature. There are no signs on the door advertising the place so it felt a little secretive. Pretty cool huh! The staff was super friendly and inviting. I topped off my weekend brunch with a small glass of jalapeno infused tequila. Careful if you don't like spicy flavors! If you like heat as much I do though, you will love it! \nI will definitely be back at Dick's again soon! \nCiao!"""""""
I've been going to Lifequest for several years now. I went in because I had carpal tunnel so bad it was debilitating. I could barely work. Even brushing my hair could shoot pain down my arms. I didn't even consider the neck and back pain that I had when I went in. Just thought that was normal.\nAfter an initial period of frequent visits to fix everything, I now just go there every other week for maintenance. It feels so good to take care of myself. The staff is great, and they also have a few massage therapists in office.
"""An Asian grocery the size of a Wal-Mart is pretty awe-inspiring all by itself, but there's really much, much more to Lee Lee than aisles of noodles and spices and lentils and rices (though they do have these as well, in spades, as well as all the requisite weird seafood and meat products that make Asian groceries so damn fun). \n\nThere's so much happening at Lee Lee, I go into a daze every time I enter. Seriously, my boyfriend has to herd me around, lest I spend 45 minutes choosing frozen Indian breads. (Paratha? Naan? Batura? Roti? Garlic, onion or plain?) Or trying to justify purchasing five pounds of lamb. Or considering the merits of roast duck. \n\nAnyway, before I get sidetracked again, let's start where I always do -- the booze aisle. Lee Lee carries a wide variety of Asian beers, of course, plus some good sakes and plum wines. But there's always at least one too-good-to-be-true booze selection. Yesterday it was a half case of Widmer Hefeweizen for $6.88. I've also purchased Konig Ludwig Bavarian weissbier for $2.99 a six-pack, Carlsberg Elephant beer for $9.99 a case, Warsteiner mini-kegs for $7.99 and countless other delights at \fell off a truck somewhere\"""" prices. \n\nIf that's not enough to get you to brave Lee Lee's jacked-up parking lot and hordes of chattering families of all ethnicities (united only by an uncanny ability to get in your way), consider this: Lee Lee is also home to aisles of non-Asian delights, like Jamaican jerk sauce and Mexican spices. And of course, my favorite -- the lovingly labeled \""""Holland foods\"""" section. I don't .know why it's there, but  I do know that pickled herring is fucking delicious.\n\nBy the time I leave, my cart invariably looks like the shopping list for a dinner party at the United Nations.\n\nA very drunken dinner party."""""""
"""If you were one of the many like me that used to make the pilgrimage to Bruchi's CheeseSteaks in Ahwatukee, you were probably also disappointed when you arrived that one day to find them out of business.\n\nFor years following their closure I sampled cheesesteaks here and there, but none of them even came close to the taste of what Bruchi's delivered.\n\nThen a co-worker introduced me to Forefathers Gourmet Cheesesteaks & Fries in Tempe and I struck gold. These guys can really turn out a great sandwich.\n\nMy favorite is the #2 Cheesesteak (with grilled onions and white American cheese). The regular size is more than enough to satisfy most appetites, but if you are really hungry go for the large. The fresh baked Italian bread is great and they offer a variety of different flavor cheesesteaks to choose from.\n\nIf you do a combo meal with regular fries, be sure to get some \fry sauce\"""" near the soda dispenser for something a little different.\n\nI highly recommend this place to anyone out there who loves a good cheesesteak. Enjoy!"""""""
Culver's gets five stars on their custard alone. If you've never had it before, if it's done right, frozen custard is like the richest, creamiest ice cream you've ever had. \n\nBeing MN/WI transplants, the boyfriend and I were quite excited when Culver's opened up in AZ and have since introduce many friends to the joy that is frozen custard. Now, in WI frozen custard is quite common and Culver's actually lands towards the bottom of the list for custard places. But here in AZ, Culver's shoots right to the top. \n\nThey have a nice variety for their flavors of the day and if you're not into that you can make your own sundae. They have shakes too and in the fall they have a pumpkin pie shake that is the best thing in the world. it really tastes like pumpkin pie in a cup.\n\nTheir burgers are good, not my favorite. Surprisingly they have really good salads - I know, right? The boyfriend loves the cashew chicken salad and I adore the strawberry salad. \n\nThey also have cheese curds which is great when I need a little bite of home.\n\nTheir staff is usually very friendly too, which is a nice change from some fast food places where they barely say hello to you.\n\nSo grab your Packers jacket and head over to Culver's for some dairyland delight.
I don't eat sushi but my Grandfather does. And I take him out for his 87th birthday here on a recommendation. He was so happy here.\n\nThey were so kind to us. They didn't mind me yelling because my Grandfather couldn't hear me otherwise. They didn't mind me constant requests and they even served him up some ice cream and make sure we had everything we needed without fail.\n\nSo nice. Would be back... you know, if I ate sushi (hey... I'm a vegetarian!)
Never has my hair been in better hands! Just when I thought my hair couldn't look any better, I am always so pleased to learn that yes, as a matter of fact it does every single time I leave Hair Nirvana. Vee is a master at his craft! \n\nAfter sharing with Vee (My Hair Stylist) my traumatizing story of hair disasters, I saw Vee listening attentively to every word I said. I explained that since my hair had to be cut so short last time from a previous Stylist's disaster approximately 6 years ago because an undisclosed Stylist was not  being extremely careful to lift my hair color from mousy brown to blond! And so Vee and I's journey began about  6 years ago.\n\n Vee, my Stylist really listened attentively and saw my vision of having  beautiful long, silky, golden blond hair (as Vee has achieved). This vision has come true with Vee's patience, and understanding that each strand of my hair must be treated ever so delicately, because it takes years to grow back, so I have no room for error. \n\nHair Nirvana has a mysterious Zenlike feel to it! When you walk in you are transcended to a world where your troubles do simply melt away! He has a television that constantly shows beautiful nature scenes along with super relaxing music played at just the right volume. You can choose to chat with him about anything you can think of or merely close your eyes and truly escape the hustle and bustle just outside. \n\nI can't say enough how absolutely thrilled I am to have Vee as my Hairtstylist! Today, I can't stop being thankful enough for the beautiful, long, silky, healthy, shiny blond hair I have and I have only Vee to thank for that!  And the compliments, wow, everyone is in awe of my gorgeous locks!\n\nThanks a million Vee for making my life that much better now that I absolutely love my hair!!! I seriously have no bad hair days! Just great ones!
Oh the caprese salad.  It's what dreams are made of. \nAnd the pizza. Oh and the desserts.  Well, pretty much everything is fantastico here at Cibo.  I wish I could kidnap the chef and turn him into my personal man-chef/slave so he could whip me up delicious Cibo-esque dishes whenever the mood struck.\n\nI really am kidding about that. \n\nKind of.\n\nBut really, the food here is great, the service is fine and the prices aren't bad considering how great the food is. \n\nThe restaurant is a really cute, intimate place and my only problem with it is it's far away from my house!
"""\Welcome to Ultra Star. May I take your order?\""""\n\nSeriously, we have our own personal waiter?\n\n\""""Here's our menu. Would you something to drink?\""""\n\nWait, you serve wine and beer? By the way, your seats are ridiculous. Did you contract with an airline to purchase from their first class seat vendor? Oh, and loved that only 40 people - all over 21-years old - were in the theater. And all the seats are set as doubles? Perf.\n\nToo bad there isn't one in Nashville. I'd be there every weekend.\n\n\""""Ma'am, how was your panini?\""""\n\nPerf I tell you, absolutely perf."""""""
Heather Wilson was an absolute blast to work with on my wedding day! She did an AMAZING job on me and my bridesmaids...we all looked like more beautiful versions of ourselves, very natural but with that little something extra every girl wants on her wedding day! I hired Heather for the whole day, and she went above and beyond the duties of a makeup artisit....providing us with safety pins for dresses, hairspray for flyways, and just making sure we all looked picture perfect. She was worth every penny! I will be recommending her to all of my friends!
I saw Christine's review and had to throw in my 2 cents.\n\nI love the Humane Society.  I found my first dog at the 13th and Hatcher campus and couldn't have been happier with the service and the dog.\n\nWhen we adopted our second dog from a sick friend, we knew that we had to get this little girl fixed.  When she was old enough, we took her to the Dobbins campus and had her spayed.  The employees were incredibly nice and comforting and our little Layla recovered pretty quickly from the surgery.  And it only cost $60 which is phenomenal if you check with private vets.  They do it all the time, so they are pros at it.
I went to Jason when he used to own the shop across the street. My very colorful tattoo is now 8 years old but still looks new and very vibrant. He's not the best artist in the world but he's good and even better tattoo artist. \n\nMy husband actually got a few tattoos from Jason as well, all colorful, and it's still vibrant. Some tattoo artists have no idea what they're doing and your tattoo can fade after a year or even less. Jason touched up the husband's tattoo that was done not quite right by a shop in Scottsdale for free.\n\nMy friend was visiting from AL earlier this year so of course I took her to Jason. The only day she was available was one of his days off so we had Brandon tattoo her. She changed her mind couple of times of what to get but he didn't mind at all. She's very happy with her tattoo and it still looks fantastic as of couple of weeks ago.\n\nI'm not sure if there's a room in the back or not if you have to undress for a tattoo but in the front is a little waiting room where you can browse through their portfolios and through the door is a big room with 3 chairs for your tattooing pleasure. It was very clean and kept up to date. They let me stick around in an empty chair while my friend was getting hers done and Brian actually kept me company. He even offered to hold my very pink purse while I got a tattoo haha. \n\nThey only take cash so be sure to have yours ready (don't forget to tip!). All 3 has great portfolios so be sure to stop in and take a look.
"""I'm a Yooper-- I was raised in Michigan's Upper Peninsula and left for college.  Ever since (and that's a few years now!!), I have felt the absence of a good pasty nearby.  \n\nTotally by chance had this place recommended to me at a business meeting and was BLOWN away.   I'm used to the traditional \Oggie\"""" and  it brought me right back to my childhood   but as I went with family, got to try a few bites of some of the others--all were amazing including the Royale.  \n\nLove the eclectic crowd too.  Definitely a place to go back to when we're in Phoenix again."""""""
L O V E  Phx City.\n\nThis place is amazing!  Of the five million times I have been here, I have yet to actually go for Happy Hour, which I hear is equally amazing.\n\nI love that this place is nice enough to warrant going to for a special occasion, but neighborhood enough that you will usually run into at least one person you know every time you come.\n\nThe Rose Lane Chicken makes my mouth water just thinking about it.  The Bread Pudding is divine, and they get mucho brownie points for not putting raisins in it!!  (I am super not into raisins)  They have a well rounded wine list, which was my go to, until the day I tried the Pomegranate Mango Collins.  Hellllooooo drink love!  Sweet and tart, but not too much of either, this drink is awesome!\n\nMany awesome things on the menu, great daily specials, & you can really taste the love and local difference in all of their menu items.  The service is 97% awesome, very seldom do I get slow service there & it has never been slow enough to irritate me.\n\nDefinitely a go to place!
"""Let me begin by saying that I don't want to sound pretentious but like everyone else's reviews I'm reading I find it REAL hard to give such a standout score to a chain.   Yet everytime I walk into this place (which is conveniently located a couple of blocks from my house) I feel like quoting Randall from Clerks.  You know the scene where he asks Dante if he can borrow his car keys so he can go to the video store and Dante says \you work in a video store\""""and he replies \""""yeah but I work in a shitty video store\"""" and then they show him walking into the other video store with angelic music as if he is ascending into heaven ... that's the feeling I get when I walk into this place.  A major plus is it doesn't FEEL like a chain ... the aforementioned staff recommendations scattered throughout the store give it a cozy feel and make you forget its a chain.  Unlike other reviewers I disagree in that the staff is helpful and attentive ...To me however this is a plus as I'm allowed to peruse at my own pace and search on my own...yet the only time I asked for assistance (the 8 pack of guiness rack was empty) they promptly filled my request.  I'm more of a beer and irish whiskey guy as a rule and their choices here are varied and appropriately priced.  One of the only places I've found where you can grab a bottle of powers and I also find the locally brewed cave creek chile beer to be a surprising treat (think a non-shitty corona with a chile floating in the bottom instead of a lime floating on top).  This place has soooo much wine to choose from I've been experimenting again lately ... current faves are zen of zin zinfandel and renwood syrah  If you like booze, cigars and cheap prices this place can't be beat even if it is a chain."""""""
"""There's nothing really to say that hasn't already been said about Merc, but i wanted to add my 5-star opinion to the lot.  \n\nThe music is good, the cocktails better, and the ambiance the best thing about the place.  \n\nI don't know how they manage to avoid the d-factor, but they really do.  Maybe the music, low lighting, and classy vibe settles the buckle-shoe wearers down, so, to that I say, \well done, merc\""""\n\nThe drinks here can really add up, tho ... and its not a complaint, just be prepared for it is all."""""""
This place RAWKS!   Been to many sorbet, shaved ice, frozen yogurts, gelato and ice-cream joints from LA to Chicago (not NYC yet)...this is the PLACE!  I tried the Brownie Swirl and Salted Butter Caramel ice cream and I'm in love.  The molasses cookies are delicious.  \n\nUpon arrival I was greeted by an eyeful of beautiful frozen and baked goods.  Already a happy camper the clean and modern decor iced it as a five star vacation fer me in the AZ heat.  \n\nThe two owners were great and very friendly (five stars fer being cool).  I can't wait to finish my take home pint and head back to try another flavor.
I found Valentina through Yelp and decided to take my wedding dress there because of all the excellent reviews. I have been to many tailors throughout the years and I have to say she is the best tailor ever! I am never going anywhere else! My wedding dress looked amazingly perfect after she was done with it. She added a double bustle, took in the straps and raised the plunging V-neck line in 2 weeks and my dress was lace with tons of beading! She is extremely talented and her prices are very affordable. In addition to wedding dresses, she also does excellent work on suit jackets, blazers and dresses. I am very thin so I always have to get my clothes taken in. She does such a great job and the clothes look as if they were never altered. I always think of her when I shop because I know if it doesn't fit well, I can always take it to her to fit perfectly. I am so glad I found her..... I am now able to take all my designer clothes to her without worrying about them getting ruined. Try her for yourself....you'll be so glad that you did!!
I've been to a lot of libraries - LA libraries, NYC libraries.  I love libraries.  Burton Barr rocks!  \n\nYes, it's cool-looking or interesting or whatever but the best thing is the huge array of books.  One thing the Phoenix public library system gets right is the book collection.  They always have the latest titles and they aren't afraid to collect both recent Christian lit and Gay/Lesbian lit.  Any place that provides both for its patrons is a damn good library indeed!
What a fabulous dinner at Vincent's on Camelback. Thankfully Chef Vincent G. was in the kitchen  when we recently dined and the meal was absolutely superb. We began with an appetizer of foie gras with Schnepf Farm peaches and a balsamic glaze. A small portion, but if you love foie gras as we do then you will not be disappointed. Meltingly lucious. For a salad I chose the Raddichio with Belgian Endive and it was so wonderful. It consisted of a mixture of chopped raddichio, belgian endive, pears, pecans, and a mild blue cheese in a lovely, mild vinaigrette. I plan to try to duplicate this at home as it was so delicious. My husband had his heart set on a lobster salad but it was not on the menu that night. Not to worry though as our waiter, Dino, said he was sure the kitchen could do one. They did not disappoint. It was a lovely salad they created with big chunks of lobster and heirloom tomatoes. My husband said it was perfect. For our entrees I chose the lobster in beurre blanc with basil pasta. That lobster was  a small one (the waiter said it would be a whole lobster split, but a small one)  but I have to say it was as sweet and fresh tasting as ones I've eaten in Cape Cod or Maine. Just incredibly delicious and the basil pasta was a perfect accompaniment. My husband ordered the duck confit and I have to say after tasting his I'd be very hard pressed to decide which entree I liked best. The confit was served with lyonnaise potatoes. Chef Vincent really did some magical things in his kitchen to give a crispness to the layer of duck fat sitting on top of the thigh and drumstick. We are confit fans but unless you have a gallon of duck fat at home it's pretty hard to duplicate in your own kitchen, plus it's doubtful it would taste as good as this one did. For dessert we both chose the Grand Marnier souffles served with a creme anglaise. Those beauties were ethereal and heavenly....like eating a cloud with a sauce that begs to be licked off the spoon. The service by Dino and the other waitstaff was top notch. We managed to greet Chef Vincent as we were leaving and told him how much we appreciated his genius. This chef is a Valley treasure and if you have not had the chance to try his restaurant you are missing out. He was the winner in the past of the James Beard SW  Chef awards and it's not hard to see why. He is French born and French trained and in my humble opinion NO ONE COOKS AS WELL AS THE FRENCH. We will return as soon as we can. This is still my favorite restaurant in the Valley bar none.
First Watch on Black Canyon Hwy in Phoenix has amazing service and very good food! They're worth the drive. You won't be disappointed. Coincidentally, I went there b/c it was right next door to the Courtyard Marriott. I have been back several times and continue to receive excellent customer service and delicious food. \n\nMy favorite breakfast is their Tri-Athlete omelette; which I hesitatingly tried b/c it was a healthy choice but fell in love with it! Wonderfully roasted vegetables in an egg-white only omelette topped with salsa...muahhh, magnifico!!\n\nFor lunch I had their Pecan Dijon chicken salad...wow, another amazing dish full of flavors...good to the last drop!\n\nAnd lastly, their customer service...always SPOT ON! Once we had only 15 minutes. Informed the always-welcoming staff and VOILA, an excellent breakfast in exactly 15 minutes. I'll be back soon! \n\nThank you First Watch on Black Canyon Hwy!! You're awesome :)
The Cornish Pasty is so full of awesome that it is really hard to describe it's awesome awesomeness. It's kind of hipstery so i can't say that i'm their target audience but whatever. I goes and eats where i please. I just throw a few butterfly sticker-tattoos on various parts of my body and blend right in.\n\nI like places with a character and this place has it in spades.  The cooks/waiters/waitresses are friendly and the pastys are good eats! \nI must warn that they are more filling that you would think. \n\nGood beer good food! Ridiculously cheap (knock back a few Rogues for me) The dark lighting also makes your friends look sooo much better.\n\nwin win.  and win.
I brought in curtains that I needed some alterations. I needed them in a hurry and asked for same day service but the staff said next day would be the best they could do. I actually thought that was very reasonable so no problem. Then, at 5pm same day, I got a surprise phone call that they were ready. They did same day service and really helped me out. They did a good job on the work and they look great.
These aren't the snowcones we grew up with. Kids, adults and even the elderly can enjoy  Bahama Buck's shaved ice (teeth not required). They have any flavor you can think of. I was the weird kid that drank pickle juice from the jar, but if I could have gotten that from a snow cone!? Um.. yes please!!\n\nYes the shaved ice is a vehicle for artificial flavors.. isn't that what shaved ice is all about? That's like giving a burger place a bad review because the buns were vehicles for meat.\n\nI also recommend getting the cream on top (traditional Hawaiian-style) and getting the vanilla ice cream-surprise in the bottom. Pick a flavor you like, and ask them what they recommend with it.. I wouldn't pick more than 2 or 3 flavors for one shaved ice, but go crazy if you like!
Normally, I go into detail about a restaurant...but why bother when you know its going to be the same goodness everytime you go!\n\nGreat wine list for sure!\n\nSteaks always come out piping hot with the butter jumping off the plate.  Cut into the steak and soak up every last bit of that butter!  It will be a party in your mouth.\n\nDesert...you can't leave without!  Even just to take it home (if you are too full) is worth it.  \n\nYou won't be disappointed in this place...guaranteed!
Sophie's in one word?  Perfect.\n\nI only go twice a year to celebrate the end of the fall and spring semesters.  Why?  Because I don't want it too become familiar or stale.  Yes, it's expensive, but you get what you pay for and Sophie's doesn't disappoint.\n\nDining is an experience.  You put on shined shoes and a tie and make reservations.  I like to go around 5:30 because it's usually not that busy.  The dining room is inviting, calming, welcoming.  You can have a conversation without having to raise your voice.  \n\nI always make it a point to try something way out of my comfort zone:\nLobster Bisque -- the last thing I eat before I die!\n sweet breads (a.ka. brains) -- ethereal...\ngooey, runny cheese -- salty and tangy\npate (goose liver) -- creamy and so flavorful\n\nThings I wouldnt' have eaten in a million years are some of the best things I have EVER eaten.  Sophie's just invites you to be daring.\n\nDo you wait for your food?  Yes!  But that is the best part.  You can have a conversation with your date, you can relax.  They don't make you feel rushed so why should you take on the responsibility yourself?  Just enjoy yourself.  The food is coming.\n\nSo many places are so desperate to turn over tables that diners adopt the same mentality.  Gotta get my food fast, gotta eat it fast, gotta get out of here!  \n\nI love Sophie's because I can take the time to appreciate everything.  It is just so wonderful to find a place like that to look forward to every year.  It's worth the wait.
Not a single complaint about this place! \n\nWe decided to bar hop a bit before heading to see Mason Jennings last night, and when we arrived at the Crescent Ballroom we were actually kinda pissed we didn't just hang out there before the show.  Here's what I liked about the place:\n\n~friendly staff\n~nice outdoor patio\n~reasonably priced drinks\n~an audio feed into the restaurant/bar area... this was especially nice because we didn't have to miss anything to get drinks or go to the bathroom.\n~plenty of seating and standing room to watch the show\n~a second smaller stage outside the main stage (had a guy playing as the Mason Jennings show let out).\n\nWe didn't try any of the food but we're gonna try to get back here for another show as soon as we can!
I cannot believe I haven't reviewed this place! I love the Lost Leaf. It's rare that my husband and I ever get out without the kiddos, but when we do, Lost Leaf is almost always on the agenda. It's such a laid back vibe, we can't help but really enjoy ourselves.\n\nI love that the music is in a different area so you're not so crowded when you sit down to have a drink. And for how small the place is, it's surprisingly roomy once you get inside. LOVE the art on the walls and the crowd is always great. I feel like the limited beer and wine menu keeps the frat boys out and the 'normals' in. Major perk. We usually have an Ace Pear, grab a table, and chit chat with all of our friends. I really love this place, I'm happy to see it flourish.
I still remember the first time I went to Joe's Farm Grill.  It was a mild May evening and we decided to eat outside. The idea of farm fresh foods really appealed to me.  I am always beyond satisfied with my meal.  I don't think there has been a time that I have been there that I didn't order a barbecue chicken pizza.  I am not a fan of most novelty pizzas, but this one is just amazing.  I'm pretty sure the bbq sauce they use, is the same one they use at Joe's Real BBQ.  The enormous tree behind the Farm Grill is sick and we always crack jokes about the sign about falling and scorpions.  The line can be a little long, but they are quick at the order window and it is definitely worth the wait.  Don't forget to try them for breakfast as well, mmm breakfast tacos...  Do yourself a favor and walk off that delicious meal through the farm and sneak a grape (when they are in season) that grow on the arbors and fences.  Enjoy and remember to eat local
Two years ago, I was very disappointed that I was not able to go to the botanical gardens on a trip to Scottsdale.  However, I think that was a blessing in disguise because I wouldn't have gone there last week and seen the spectacular Chihuly exhibit.  We went to the dbg at five at night, which was a great time, because we were able to see the glass fixtures during in the daylight, at sunset, and then lit up at night.  All the pieces were beautiful, with vivid colors and intricate designs.  \n\nThe desert botanical gardens are a little microcosm of the desert world.  We visited Saguaro National Park two days prior and that was real, spacious, and wild desert.  However, if you are only in Arizona for a short time, the dbg will do.  The variety of cacti is so amazing and I'm sure the flowers are beautiful in April and May.  We saw some wildlife there such as rabbits and bees, but not anything like a snake, although I'm sure that's quite possible.\n\nWell worth the $!5 fee!  Also, their hours are great if you are looking to do something in the early morning or early evening.
"""WOW--What a cool concept! They have a humongous, funky retail space, thats maybe half full of vintage fatigues.....old school soda bar....produce stand....home accessories & nic nacs etc..... On the other side there's an eclectic old bar that was transported to AZ from a Chicago jazz club(Super cool), old timey cocktails & beers.....The Margarita was a bit too tart(due to--too much \fresh lime juice\""""-def ask for a lil extra agave nectar) but the brisket sliders were to die for & the Noodle Krugel (SP.) was by far, one of the most amazing  mouth experiences I've had in a while!!! Thank you Ellen for the Suggestion!! On in all--super cool new DT Hangout spot! Ooooooooh & apparently on Wednesday nights their doing a \""""60's themed party\"""" with funky decor & drink specials-they suggest coming in costume! I dig it!"""""""
My wife and I have been coming to JJ's since about 3 months after it opened, a little more than 3 years ago and we love it here.   They have great happy hour prices (no watered down margaritas for only $3) and they have the best salsa in town.  With two small children (3 and 1 1/2), this is a great place that we can come and experience a happy hour environment (responsibly, of course) with the children.  We always have great service and that make Juan Jaime's our favorite Friday night hang out.
LOVE, LOVE , LOVE this place-as does everyone i have taken here.  The atmosphere is so great.  Big leather sofas, dimly let, chandeliers and HIGE bar in the center of the place.  it's small, swanky, sexy and has a great old school feel.  Plus ladies-i've never seen so many chic good looking guys in one place at once, it was jaw dropping ;)\n\nScottsdale needed a place like this-cozy and classy and reasonably priced.  So happy to have this in my backyard-a must try.
I have been going here regularly for about a year. Dave was the first  medium I had ever met. I did a private reading with him and can say that he is the real thing. It gave me a lot of closure. Ray who usually works in the front is very friendly and helpful. \n\nSimia who does tarot readings there is amazing. She seems to know things that she couldn't possibly have known when doing my readings. Very specific and accurate. She's very nice too. \n\nCatherine does palm readings and it was very accurate. \n\nI love the aura photos here. It  comes out on a polaroid film (unlike some other places who use a different type of camera) and is very clear.  \n\nOverall a great place.
"""Bottom line: any theatre that brings Rocky Horror back to Mill Ave gets 5 stars just for that. (See, I'm not hard to please.)\nAnd they showed Showgirls here the other night. I MISSED IT (!) but again, any theatre that shows Showgirls on Mill Ave gets 5 stars. \nThey also do live music performances and about a million other cool things here, but for me, it's all about Rocky Horror. \n\nI think (i.e. hope) that MADCAP signals a change back to the \old\"""" Mill Ave. The things that are going on here are the best reuse of this old building. Thank you to all the people who made this happen."""""""
Do you want authentic Japanese food, drink, little toys, book, free newspaper? Don't waste no time, and come to Tokyo food market. This is Da place!!\n\nI found this place by accident, to my surprise this turns out fully stocked Japanese grocery / convinience store from heaven. And pricing was juuuust right!! \n\nThe owner is very very nice gentleman, I chat with him a while and found out how much of knowledge he has for Japan and Japanese biz. \n\nI ended up more than I needed, but I'm very happy to go home with so many Japanese grocery items. \n\nThis is true gem in town!
When I donated my kidney a few months ago, Wendy from Petite Maison brought me 6 pints of soup. At the time, I had never met her, the chef or eaten there. How cool is that? After being on painkillers for several days, I was severely constipated. It happens. The lentil soup she brought over did the *ahem* trick, though!\nI finally got to go there last weekend for their late night Staff Meal, which was dessert-themed. My friend Leslie made all the desserts. \nThe service was great, except for having to ask for water twice. There weren't many people there, but it was also after hours, so I'll forgive it because it was such a cute place!\nIt feels like a ski lodge inside. There is wood everywhere! Cute chandeliers over the tables, too. \nOh, and the bathroom was nice. Not too fancy, but nicer than most places.\nI will definitely come back here for a regular meal, but I wanted to get the word out about this place.\nGood people, who care about others in the community. Great atmosphere and for being in Old Town, douchebag-free.
This place is fantastic and cheap. The flavors are hand crafted an real, not the product of the flavor syrups that every other yogurt shop buys from the same company. There are new flavors all the time, so you should check in at least once a week.\n\nThe owner is there working the shop from 11 to 11 every day, so you'll always get great service and he's open to suggestions about new flavors.\n\nIf you like frozen yogurt, you have no excuse for not patronizing this place. Try it out!
"""I moved from Philly this past summer and I've searched all over the Valley for a \GOOD\"""" Pizza. After eating lots of tasteless and cardboard pizza, I found Momma Mia when I moved into Arcadia! I love the hole in the wall vibe! Just like home :) The sauce is great and super tasty! The dough tastes slightly sweet and is fluffy..It's what makes the pizza so great and there is a brickoven!! I love it! My husband and I order the pizza/wing special .The wings are so hot and spicy ( we order the hot, but it comes in buffalo and mild) They have an extensive menu of pasta, sandwiches and salads. I want to try their Philly Steak next, but for the time being I still make mine at home. \nEvery pizza place likes to say its \""""New York Style\"""", but this place really does a NYC pizza. Well the best nyc pizza you're gonna get in AZ, Something about the water."""""""
I saw an ad for this restaurant in a magazine and decided to give it a try.  Good marketing I guess?  We drove up and although it was a bit hidden, the view is amazing.  The inside is really pretty - nice touches to make you feel like you are in a native American dwelling.  \n\nWe started with the 3 sisters salsas and chips.  OMG the chips were all homemade and delicious - there was a warm bread/soft taco and then the tortilla chips.  The salsas were all really good and interesting.  Each one had a different flavors and the portions were huge - easily enough for 4 people.\n\nI ordered the BLT with house salad.  The dressing was delicious I seriously would have bought some if they bottled it.  The sandwich was huge!  Slices on avocado and huge strips of bacon, what more could you ask for?\n\nThis was one of the best meals I've had in Arizona and I'd go back in a heart beat.
Waited 25 minutes with about 50 people on a Sunday evening.. all i can say is WORTH THE WAIT & THE PRICE \n\nThe service is great the food comes out fast and they are constantly cleaning the buffet areas (cause we are all pigs!). The selection is everything from BBQ chicken and fries to a sushi & tempora stand, Mongolian wok, plenty of sea food, crab legs, 15 different kinds of shrimp, all you favorite Chinese buffet items, and some strange surprises. Escargot(snails) and lotus bean leaf wraps, squid, octopus, kimchi Duck, muscles, clams, asparagus. over 200 items. \n\nDessert is from fresh fruit, canned fruit, pastries cookies cakes AND 8 self scoop BRYERS ice cream flavors! \n\ncons, The need some form of table waiting buzzer systems & they need pics for the escargo and crab legs. other than that perfect.
"""Geisha is the place to be! Luckily for me everytime I've gone here it's been happy hour! So the sushi is half off, plus the house drinks and all the flavor infused sake is too! I have done a girls' day here and it was so much fun! We ate so much sushi and got a pretty good buzz going for a decent price and walked around old town afterwards. Upon checking my account later, i realized the waitress put an extra $40 on my tab, which was frustrating, because I had to come back and speak with the manager. The manager was kind of annoyed because he had to go back in the records and find my transaction using my credit card to fix the problem. When he came back he apologized and said he would buy me a drink for my troubles. I actually had other plans so I said \get me next time.\"""" So, next time I came with some friends and told the waitress the manager agreed to buy me a drink. When the bill came they had comped all of our drinks! I have since been back many times and have always had a great experience. The atmosphere is great whether you are seated inside or on the patio."""""""
I would reccomend this dance studio to any parent.  The teachers are great.  They're fun and full of energy.  My daughter started dancing here when she was 4 years old, and her teacher Kim, has really helped her develop a love for ballet.  My daughter has been taking classes there for 4 years and I can't complain about a single class she's been in.   Most of the teachers grew up dancing in the studio so there is a real family atmosphere.  5 Stars!
I really liked this place.  My wife and I tried it based on the other positive reviews on Yelp, and we were not disappointed.  I had the paradise bacon CHZ burger with cheddar cheese and jalapeno ranch dressing.  The burger came with lettuce, tomato, some variety of onion that was unusual and cucumber too.  The bun was thin, light and toasted - I found it to be a much better bun than your typical dense, soggy burger bun.  The burger consisted of two very thin patties and had a nice grilled taste.  I've eaten a lot of burgers in the valley, and this was a very tasty burger.  \n\nMy wife got the paradise CHZ burger and subbed in a portobello mushroom for the burger.  She said this is her favorite burger place in the valley and she wants to go back.  I take that as a serious endorsement from someone who generally does not like burgers.  \n\nWe also each ordered the sweet potato tater tots and those were good too.  For drinks, we both opted for glasses of water, and they offered water with cucumber which was very satisfying, and much better than the typical nasty tap water you find most places.\n\nThe staff was super friendly and it was quiet inside so we could carry on a conversation easily.  Our total tab was just under $20.\n\nWe will definitely go back and I'm going to try one of their milkshakes next time.  \n\nUnpretentious, great food, great value for money, relaxing environment and friendly staff.  Check it out!
The tacos at this place are little bundles of goodness that are damn near perfection. To begin the carne asada has great flavor with a slightly charred and crispy exterior, but still manages to maintain some tenderness on the inside. The cabbage, guacamole, and salsa are a necessary addition to this masterpiece of a taco. And just when you think you have it all... bam! Grilled onions complete one of the best tacos in Phoenix. On top of it all, these bad boys are only $1 a piece. \n\nNow on to the less glamorous side of Taqueria Los Yaquis, or the underbelly if you will. The establishment is inconspicuously housed just west of 7th Ave on Camelback Rd under a tent with some plastic tables and sporadic misters outside of Charlies gay bar. Here you will find some flaming fairies and hordes of legit Mexicans flocking in from all angles. Once you reach your destination you can watch the cooks working tirelessly in a food truck (one of the cleanest I've seen) to prepare you meat-filled pockets of love. God bless them. \n\nThere are two ordering lines: one is literally a hole-in-the-wall inside Charlie's and the other a general line outside which accommodates all. This dual line and alternating order-taking results in ridiculously long waits of up to 20-30 minutes. I prefer to go on Sunday afternoons when it gets real, and a lil' less... uh... gay.
Love this place!  Went for a stay-cation with the girls for a spa day and stayed the night.  I can't wait to go back!  You are in the city but feels miles away!  The spa is amazing!  Wonderful adults only pool with great refreshing food and drinks.  Then our rooms were clean and comfortable.  Dinner at Kai was nothing short of superb, and breakfast the next morning on the patio over looking the golf course and pool area was also very good.  Overall a wonderful night away.
"""ok so this is where I had my first and right now only Yoga class...\n\nI had been shooting for a Yoga and Pilotes videos and when I wanted to work out had been doing the videos...well when one of the strangers I met taught Yoga I thought it was time to do a class...\n\nI did the basic Yoga with Jen teaching....hour and a half but lots of fun...what I really liked is that it pushed me to do some types of yoga I never even thought about trying....\playing\"""" with the arm standy thing was just amazing...\n\nthe other thing I liked is even though it was beginer I still felt like I got a good Workout...it felt that Jen had a good handle on catering the sesion a litle to the atendents...\n\nand yes it was great to have Feedback not something you get from a video....\n\nI wouldn't know yet if It was Expensive but the first time plans seemed really good...\n\ngoing in to it I was scared about doing Yoga in front of people and my whole goal was to not Fall infront of them... but after Jens Class I had a new Attitude. that I hope to fall every class because I was pushing myself to learn new things."""""""
Dr. Sam and his staff are the best.  He is experienced, knowledgeable and kind - to both the animals and the people who love them.  I have moved and now drive 45 minutes to see him with no complaints.  He not only is a wonderful vet who takes his time with each patient, he will tell you when he doesn't know something, needs to do research, or will refer you to a great specialist.  He also is very cost-conscious and while I will do whatever I need to with my animals, it is appreciated that he understands that not everyone can afford to do everything.  He gives options and never forces expensive tests or tries to order anything that is unnecessary.  He also works with a local rescue organization, which shows his compassion and care for the community.
I'm no expert on Vietnamese cuisine, but my first experience at Little Saigon made me want to learn more.  This place is wonderful, and you should try it next time you find yourself in Glendale.  The fun begins before you're even seated, as the restaurant is in a little old house.  The tables aren't jammed together and the artwork is eye-pleasing and relaxing.\n\nFriend and I were impressed by the friendly, quick service.  But the food impressed us even more.  We had the potsticker appetizer, one of the best ever... not the sticky white dough typically found in a Chinese restaurant potsticker, these wraps are more like a thin French crepe, beautifully browned, filled with pork and veggies.  The dipping sauce on the side was delicious, though we also made use of the condiments provided at every table, namely fish sauce, sriracha, chili-garlic paste, and soy sauce.\n\nWe had two salads... #96, jellyfish salad with shrimp, pork, julienned  carrots and other veggies, and some herbs... and the #97, the lotus root and shrimp salad, also containing pork and julienned veggies.  Either salad could pass as a meal and we got the SMALL versions.  The flavors are off the charts on both, savory, herby, ginger, fennel, just delicious.  \n\nFor entrees we got the #51, lemongrass chicken, and #55, bite size pork ribs with caramelized onions.  Both arrived at the table in clay hotpots, still bubbling, and were savory and satisfying.\n\nWe have resolved to go back to try the pho (which looked very good as we ogled our neighbors' tables) and other tempting offerings.  This place deserves the 5 stars, and your business.  You'll thank\n me!
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE this place!  We were DEFINITELY skeptical of coming here because well, it's a Thai AND Sushi restaurant.  Unless it's some sort of fusion place, we normally stay clear of restaurants that offer two different styles of food at one location (like those restaurants that serve Chinese and Mexican!)  We are SO glad we looked past our issues!\n\nWe've been back three times now, and let me tell you, each time has been consistently good.  The first two times we had appetizers and sushi.  They really DO have one of the best happy hours around - half priced apps AND pints of Kirin - DRAFT (i can't remember - I believe for $3.00).  The main point being Kirin on draft!  There is such a difference between Kirin out of a bottle and fresh from a tap, and it's so awesome they have it here! Score!\n\nThe appetizers were all awesome - fresh spring rolls, chicken satay, tempura - all very generous portions.  Miso soup was as it should be - comforting and light - and not too salty!  Then, we ordered our sushi.  The rolls are generous, the himachi and salmon was super fresh - and the sushi chef was super nice and accommodating.  Super creative sushi - some of which I have never seen before!   We are definite fans!\n\nThe third time we came here - we were ready for some Thai!  My fiance, our friend and I ordered apps to share.  Our friend ordered the Thai Basil with shrimp - and he was crying.  He said it was super spicy but super good.  I did not try his dish but could tell by the tears falling from his face he was not joking.  My fiance and I shared the glass noodle dish. We LOVE glass noodles - and they were cooked perfectly. Not too sticky or starchy, with just the right amount of spice.\n\nThe decor is truly gorgeous, and everyone is soo super nice here.  The one bad thing is that Narai is consistently empty. It is deceiving - being located in the same plaza as Four Peaks brewery when you see a ton of cars in the parking lot.  But most of the cars are for the brewery.  The restaurant has been empty everytime we've dined here - which really scares us because we'd hate to lose such a North Scottsdale gem!  I can't stomach places like Ra, or Kona Grill.  It's so refreshing to have an authentic sushi and Thai restaurant in the area!\n\nI would highly recommend trying it out!  With so much variety and such a friendly, helpful staff - you're bound to find something you like!  If not - just have a happy hour beer! ;)
Now I wish I would have actually gone to pick up my samich instead of sit at work and wait for it's arrival.  I had heard very good things about this deli, so when i finally got bored of the same ole lunch I bring to work every day it was time to get in on this following.  I had the italian sub on wheat bread.  Um, talk about Freshness!  I'm pretty sure I ate the whole thing in like 3 minutes because I just couldn't get enough.  The bread was so soft, the meat was outstanding, and the provolone was real!  Alll it had was oil and vinegar on it with lettuce tomato and the typical italian meats.  I normally cannot eat a sandwhich without mayo and mustard, specially some spicy brown.  That was wonderful, but now after reading these reviews, it's time for me to check out that Chicken Salad, I love chicken salad.
True Food is awesome. It's great to find a place that has really good HEALTHY food!! Have been here on many,many occasions and it's always been a great experience. The shrimp and goat cheese pizza is a favorite but I've really liked everything I've had here with one exception...the butternut squash ravioli, I could do without this dish. Service is friendly and helpful and I dig the patio when it's cool enough to sit outside. Sam Fox seems to know how to do it up right. Thumbs up!
Finally a Carls Jr in Surprise.  I have only been waiting like 7 years!!!  I was commuting to Litchfield Park to get my Western bacon cheeseburger or famous star fix.....\nWhat is even more interesting is the fact that the new Carls Jr in surprise has all new staff and they must have been trained to be polite and courteous???  Not that often that I stop at fast food and get super polite and courteous from the teenager employees.  \nWhen I think Carls Jr, I think big sloppy burgers, forget the diet and dig in.  Plus who can pass up a $2 bacon western burger?  Bacon, fried onion rings, barbecue sauce, cheese, and meat?  Can't really ask for more?  I workout out to eat stuff like this :P\nEnjoy it.....\n\nOff of Grand in the Lowes parking lot, tricky parking lot location, but worth navigating the yellow bumps and arrows to get to Burger heaven.  Yes Carls Jr makes the best fast food burgers :)
"""Freakin' yum.  Let  me give you the \skinny\"""" on this place.\n\nMy wife and I were looking for a place to eat on St. Patrick's Day that didn't have a huge drunken crowd.  Then she suggests this place, saying that she ate there before with a co-worker.  Hoping that it wasn't \""""Smello's\"""", I took her up on the suggestion.\n\nOMG--we got the \""""Skinny\"""", an ironically named pizza with about 6 different kinds of meat.  We also got it deep dish.\n\nIT WAS SAUCY--just the way I like it.  The bacon (not the Canadian variety) was the taste that made the pie.  The three slices left over made the perfect lunch the next day.  Just the kind of pizza I've been looking for.  Knife and fork or by hand, this is my favorite pizza in the Valley so far.  Go here."""""""
I love this location, and I love this product.  \n\nI think the prices are reasonable considering the quality of product you are getting.  If you've only been to the Scottsdale Fashion Square location and hate it, give this one a try.  It's got a much better vibe and is a lot less packed.  \n\nWalked right in was helped, she grabbed what I needed and I was off.  It took all of 15 minutes even with picking out a totally new foundation then I used before.
"""Garrett did a fantastic job cleaning and detailing my vehicle. I have a 2012 Subaru WRX Sti and wanted to make sure the paint was maintained properly with a good washing and sealant application. Ive had several cars in the past ranging from Supras, M3, GTO, etc, so i'm somewhat of a car nut. I've also had some pretty sub par experiences with \other\"""" mobile detailers here in the East Valley. They would charge you and arm and a leg ($90-$100) and would only take 1 hour to complete the job using 1 person. Now im not an expert at math or anything, but unless they had more than 2 arms, a QUALITY detail sure as heck takes more than 1 hour, i know this from doing them myself. Quality work takes time, especially if you want it done right.\n\nGarrett was easy to work with, we set a time of 6am to start before it starting heating up outside. He showed up on time at 6, introduced himself, and started to work. Everything he has is self contained, so its very professional, he has everything he needs to complete the job. We discussed over the phone that it would take 2-3 hours to complete the detail because he had to use the polisher to apply the sealant. I would rather pay someone good money for a complete job, rather than a half assed job because they wanted to get done quickly.\n\nHe had great attention to detail and even used some cutting compound to remove some surface scratches i had not previously noticed. Overall a great experience and great quality work for this price, especially for the time he takes, also dealing with the Arizona heat. Highly recommended!"""""""
I am so grateful to say I have had the famous Rocket Burger.  This place gets so much Yelp praise and for great reason.  \n\nThe soda selection is off the hook every soda you grew up with and then some all in coolers in bottles the even got YooHoo.\n\nFries are all natural cut and amazing there is just something great about fries with the skin on them they just taste better. \n\nThe burger was Phenomenal I had the Santa Fe which had the amazing Rocket Sauce, bacon, and fried green chili.  It was outta this world good.  \n\nI will be a loyal customer and I am sure will post numerous updates to this review cause this place is just that good.
"""I recently had the pleasure of staying at this hotel for a 3 day conference for Women on the Move.  The staff went above and beyond to make sure we were taken care of. They even brought us \Smores kits\"""" to roast by the pool at the fire pits!  They truly understand customer service.  We can't wait to come back.  They have a free shuttle (Red Cadillac Escalade) that can take you locally which was a big help since many of us needed to run out for things during our stay.  The property was exceptionally clean.  The rooms were recently renovated and very large.  I had a ground level room by the pool and it had a great patio with chairs to sit outside.  Only complaint was hallway noise during evening hours but it was not an issue.  Food was great!"""""""
Awesome, delicious lunch or dinner takeout place! Quite a dive in terms of decor, so don't expect anything fancy. There are folding tables and chairs, if I remember correctly.\n\nAnyway, I had jade red chicken and emperor's chicken quesadilla and both were SO GOOD. The idea of Chinese - Latino food sounds odd, but I'd heard of it before and just never had the chance to try it. They have all sorts of combos, mostly with beans or rice as a side (get it? chinese and latin food both usually come with rice....!). So before you knock it, if you're in Phoenix and looking for a place to eat, this is it!
We contacted Kirk Conrado from one of the automatic notification services from Zip Realty. We didn't know anyone in the valley and he was FANTASTIC! We were out of state and would fly in often to see properties and he always made time for us. When we did find the house we wanted it was going through lis pendens and a real mess. He recommended and awesome attorney and we came out with a wonderful house, great deal, and someone we consider extended family - thanks, Kirk!\n\nKirk maintains the highest integrity of any realtor I know. He is fun, easy going, yet steadfastly aggressive and maintains and extremely professional attitude in all negotiations. Even though the seller's realtors were the nastiest we've ever dealt with, he rose above it all and maintained integrity and professionalism throughout each interaction.\n\nIf you don't know anyone in the valley, he's your person. We looked in Tempe, Chandler, Scottsdale, Phoenix, and Paradise Valley and he was familiar with each area. As we're really picky when it comes to both homes and the people we interact with, we appreciate his positive attitude, flexibility and friendly, yet persistent business acumen.
I'm surprised to read the bad review about Sprouts. Honestly, I haven't bought a lot of their meat because I come for other things, but its never been a problem for me. \n\nI didn't know this before I went to this Sprouts, but I LOVE pink lady apples. They are also usually on sale too, which makes me happy (and even when they're not, they're cheaper than other places). Other things that make me love Sprouts: their corn muffins are delish, they have a regular bulk section, but they also have a bulk spice section. Who wants to pay friggin $3 for a tiny jar of spice, when you need a tablespoon for a recipe you're trying out? \n\nI assume they also have a good deli because I see people getting the lunch special here, but I've never tried it.
I am really, really loving this new restaurant and must admit I am kinda addicted.  That being said, this review is probably a little altered.  \n\nHonestly, I am not sure what I love the most. I have been there three times now, from a weekday to a Happy Hour and I haven't had any issue with parking.  The wait for a seat was minimal, and the patio was inviting as the bar was fun, and the tables are sooo cozy.  \n\nThe cocktails are GREAT. I am addicted to the one with Ginger, but I can't remember the name of it.  I love the wine being on tap, it's eco-delicious.  I enjoy the company of everyone at the restaurant and I seem to see people I know there most often. The bartenders are a delight, they introduce themselves and talk a lot about the menu and choices, etc.  Even the owner/manager person (whoever she was) came by and asked what we thought of the meals, drinks, atmosphere, etc.  \n\nI also love the wall of tapes, and watching families bike in and get ice cream and sit in the floral decor of the comfortable patio with cute kids...very inviting. I could see bringing a date here (alas I am married now, so my date is my hubby), but I would also bring my parents and my son here.  \n\nI loved the Halibut, the Kale Salad, the snacks, the Sausage Sandwich and I can't wait to go again and try more.  With the closing of Bomberos/Verde/My Florist, the burning of Richardsons,  the crowds at Postino, the valet only at the Vig, the lack of fresh salads at the Garage, cold (warm) food at Local Breeze and the disappointing service at Arrogant Butcher - this place moved quickly up to a top choice for dinner and drinks.  Move over Hula's, SENS, Hanny's, TMI, Rokerij and CIBO! :-)
Let's talk about your last date. Was it dry? Too revealing? Sultry? Do you even remember it? \n\nIf you're anything like me, it was sweet. Really, really sweet. And yesterday no less!\n\nBut they all blend together. Those dates...\n\nIN MY BLENDER! \n\nDates are nature's fuel. Chalk full of glucose, which is broken down with supreme ease by that tawdry liver you abuse with your binge, fringe weekends into the very usable glycogen. A solid glycogen supply is necessary... NO! Imperative, for sustained energy. You know, for your dates? Or the end of your dates, if you know what I mean, wink, wink, hubba, hubba... \n\nYikes. I'm that guy. \n\nAnyway, dates have become a huge component of my diet recently and I was reminded by Mama G. that the Sphinx Date Ranch is just a grenade's throw away from her house in Old Town. \n\nI stopped in to check it out yesterday and bought a 1lb bag of their jumbo varietal. Yep, I stole a wine word. From what I could discern, there are three date sizes and they're all priced accordingly, with jumbo being the most expensive. I bought those brilliant bastards, which don't taste any better but are more, well, shall we say jumbo(?) and moist and, I must say, simply amazing. If you're into this sort of thing, stop on by for shiz... They gots the goods...\n\nBut what if our date experiences came in sizes? Like you could buy a Jumbo blind date? He'd look like and act like this season's Bachelor or she'd have Mary's job and love of sports from There's Something about Mary fame. But if you're broke, you could just get the Medium Date with guys who are like me, only single. Dates should definitely be for sale. I'm starting a business. Done and done.\n\nI hear the milkshakes are not subliminally sublime. Just, like, regularly sublime.
Well, I cannot believe I have waited this long to give an update on Morgan!!  Especially since she is FANTASTIC!!  Yes, I have been back to her for the 5th time now and I love what she suggested I do to the color on my hair (much better than what I was doing) and her haircuts are the best.  She also has done some other treatments on my hair that have made it hold up under this hard, dry AZ weather.  And, she is so sweet and caring.  Oh, she has also gone out of her way to make an introduction to another of her clients (also from the South) who was new here and had not met many people and we really hit it off.  Morgan knew we would.  I mean what more can you ask for.........go for it...YOU WILL NOT BE SORRY.   This from a HAPPY, HAPPY Client, Christine
"""Wow. If you like music, you will LOVE the MIM. This place is amazing! Perhaps I should say if you like music OR architecture, you will love the MIM. This is the kind of place that as you walk through, you mutter to yourself, \I can't believe I am in Phoenix!\"""" The MIM now is affiliated with the Smithsonian Museums, and after touring the facility, you will agree that is a perfect partnership.\n\nI don't want to repeat what has already been said on the great reviews, so instead I will just reiterate that you really need at LEAST three hours to see the MIM. That three hours will mean you have not seen everything, but it's a start. The MIM has a really nice cafe with limited hours, but has a coffee shop which is open throughout the day. In addition, there is a gorgeous music venue which you can take a peek at while on your adventure. It looks like a perfect place to catch a show, and much like the rest of the MIM, it is eye candy.\n\nThe staff at MIM are very knowledgeable and super friendly. The audio system you wear while on your musical quest is really outstanding. The sound was superior, and makes Bose look like dollar store speakers. Lastly, don't miss the gift store, there are tons of great items there, and I found my Mom a little Mother's day gift. DO NOT MISS seeing John Lenin's piano which he played Imagine on. It will give you goosebumps!\n\n Hope you enjoy your visit."""""""
Best.Buffet.Ever.... I think those 3 words sum it up. Everything is delicious. I have never seen a selection of dessert so vast in my life. I come here with a game plan... start with cheese appetizers and end my meal with every dessert they have to offer. But my plan always fails. I can't start slow, this buffet is way too exciting. Totally worth the money and better than any buffet I've been to in Vegas. I'd come here every week if I was rich and had amazing metabolism.
"""I really dig this place!  The only problem with the U.S. Egg is that it is too far from my house.  I love that their pancakes are whole wheat!  I can find no other breakfast places that are \fiber-friendly\""""  with their 'cake stacks.  If I wanted a stack of average white pancakes I would save some money and Bisquick!  Their protein pancakes are sweeeet!  They are hearty, filling and tasty!  I wish that I could give an honest eval. on the rest of their menu but I am strictly monogamous with the Protein Pancakes.  This place is not your ordinary pancake hut!"""""""
OK, so hubby and I have been here at least 5 times and we've loved it every time. My favorite thing here? ELOTE!!! Corn on the cob. This is not your average corn. It's grilled - it's covered in Mexican cheese, probably some mayo, butter and spices. It's amazing, and totally worth the $5 it costs. I'm not kidding. I even ran home this last week and made hubby try to replicate the recipe on the grill. Oh, and the salad - Ensalada Cortada is really, really good. The tacos are fun and come out individually. Anyway, I would recommend this place to anyone wanting a unique food experience and interesting decor (apparently the men's urinal is something to talk about!).
"""I just got a blow job....and it rocked. \nYes. That's what I just said.\n\nI'm in marketing and a lover of all things branded well. If I were a boutique shop - I'd want to be the drybar. Amazing on all levels...this place is cute down to the little matchboxes which hold ponies and the custom lamp made of blowdryers and edison bulbs. The graphic design, web design, colors, interior - everything was comfortable and perfect. They even have little iphone docking stations by each \station\""""...serve mimosas (hello!)...and I could glance up and read subtitles on girly movies while also reading Cosmo. Doesn't get more fancy than that.\n\nNot to mention, I felt safe that they weren't going to fry my EXTREMELY thick and VERY curly hair because they obviously know what they're doing. Come on...it's what they do...ALL...DAY....LONG.\n\nHowever, it's like a trendy NY restaurant. The place is hoppin' - it felt almost impossible to get in. Called first thing on a Saturday for an appointment (the phone number is a appointment booking number not the actual store) but they gave me the tip to call back every 30 minutes and somehow I called and the 4th time miraculously got an appointment without having to bribe the hostess.\n\nCan't wait to rock my look for a very special girls night out tonight. As a backup, I attempted to make an appointment at another claimed \""""drybar\"""" place in Arcadia and it was a horrid experience just trying to make an appointment. I can only imagine what my blowout would have looked like.\n\nI bought a package of 6 - so I'll definitely be back for 5 more when I need to switch up the curly hair for some sleek sophistication."""""""
a creme brulee truck? only in my wildest dreams! sometime in between january and now i dropped out of reality every tuesday and enjoy a cup of the most delicious creme brulee in phoenix when i visit Urban Beans for a coffee.  the sea salt and caramel is to die for and pairs perfectly with a cup of drip coffee from the UB. every week they rotate the flavors - i've tried lavender, cappucino, peanut butter, vanilla, nutella, but the sea salt one is by far my favorite. must check out this guy and his traveling truck for a sweet snack when you can!
Grab your rich boyfriend and make him take you to Capital Grille.  \n\nThe food is FANTASTIC...I had filet mignon and believe it or not the mac and cheese side is to DIE for.  The wine selection is incredibly extensive but our waiter knew exactly what would go well with our dinners.  Dessert was a must too here, we had creme brulee and some raspberry thing that almost sent me into extacsy.  As other reviews have stated, CP is pricey, but hey, you get what you pay for.  \n\nParking is easy, located at the Biltmore they have valet but its not usually entirely necessary.  \n\nService was prompt and polite and everyone is extremely buttoned-up.  A great place for celebrating a special occasion or just feeling fancy.
"""After hearing someone say \Phoenix has a zoo?... Really?  Well it can't be that good if I haven't heard of it.\"""" I knew I had to write a review.  (And yes, I did actually hold back from running over and smacking and/or shaking the guy who said that. It was hard, but I had a review to write...)  \n\nWhat you need to know about the zoo.  \n - Wear comfortable shoes!  Like the rest of Phoenix, our zoo sprawls.\n - Wear sunscreen.  Most folks don't think about it, but I know lots of folks who have come away from there pink.\n - Try to avoid going in the midst of the summer.  Not only is it too hot for you, it might also be too hot for the animals and they'll be camped out in the back under some shade.  \n - The monkeys are awesome, as always, but they have a great area.\n - They have a really diverse group of animals in a diverse setting - from visiting the croc swamp to barren desert prairies.\n - The food isn't half bad!  We were surprised!\n - Zoo Lights!  Starting around Thanksgiving and going through January they light up much of the zoo with cool themed displays.  It's not the entire zoo, so less of a walk, but enough of one that it's worth the price of admission.\n - It's conveniently close to the Desert Botanical Gardens if you want to make your trip a 2-fer.\n - 2 Words - PETTING ZOO!  If you have kids - this is the place to go.  If you're bringing a date - SO the place to go."""""""
"""\Tag's\"""" is now back to its original excellence! \n\nWow, this location was huge compared to the others and cute as ever, I've been coming to Tagliani's basically my entire life with my family. It's that perfect place you'd want to take a date to, withOUT breaking the bank.\n\n I've never been let down, although I love the food here I see what Alexander may be trying to get at, I've experienced a small fluctuation with the consistency between the locations this last year or so. So the inquisitive man i am, I started asking some questions about why things were different. The response i received was about a year and a half ago the owner was in a serious car accident and has been recovering slowly over this time. I asked recently how he was doing and hes starting to get back into things, and the quality is now to my knowledge is what it's always been. \n\nI always resort to the Chicken Parmesan and have always loved that dish, but if you want something unique to Tagliani's and you like spicy order the Chicken Dynamante has a sauce made out of pepperoncini's soo good, or the Spicy Rigatoni, both are awesome and must try. The ciabatta bread is excellent but if your a fan of foccacia you have to ask for it. Also 32 oz mugs of beer what else could you ask for. \n\nBy far one the best Italian joints on the west side!"""""""
Great little restaurant.  The staff is super friendly, and their happy hour specials are pretty amazing.  I got thePanko crusted Tipalia which was a little dry, but my girlfriend's stuffed mahi mahi was delicious.  The Horchata bread pudding was really good too.  They have a nice patio where most of the customers sit, I will be bringing my dog with me next time.  \n\nIt is a bit expensive, so be prepared to drop some money, but it's definitely worth checking out.
The best supermarket...end of story.  I like the covered parking, which helps in the dead of summer.  I haven't had need to use the car wash or valet parking service, but I think that it's a nice touch for people who cant walk far, mom's with kids and the elderly (or just super lazy).  The produce section has items I have never heard of and we have had fun trying new things.  The bakery has items that rival top tier bakeries, at half the price.  The meat department has a great presentation.  The service is great.  People watching isn't as good as Fashion Square, but it's not too shabby.
"""My favorite New Mexican Restaurant has always been Los Dos Molinos in Mesa, which I still like a lot.  However, since I live in Chandler and this restaurant is only 2 miles from my house, it has become our new favorite.  We love the fresh \help yourself\"""" salsa bar which has some of the best and most flavorful sauces I have ever tasted.  The food portions are very large, so we have started ordering off of the a la cart menu.  Everything seems to be made from scratch, and if you love tacos - be sure and try their machaca beef taco or their shredded chicken taco.   This location is very, very clean and you can tell management really cares about you as a customer."""""""
"""My 5 Series BMW recently came down with a bad case of \Twisted Seat\"""".  It was UGLY !  Not knowing what to do, I started researching car repair places and found that German Car Service had great reviews.  Well deserved!  Kenny and Mike were by far the most honest auto repair professionals I have ever encountered.  They stuck to their original estimate even though my driver seat was severely disfigured and it took longer than we had expected to get her normal look back.  Thank you so much for your help !   I HIGHLY recommend German Car Service.  Karen H."""""""
I was heading to Pei Wei when I saw this place and thought hummus sounded yummy. I ordered the veggie plate which came with hummus, tzatziki, falafal, spanakopita, dolmades and pita. This dish was gigantic. It could be shared by 3 people as an appetizer. I ate it for dinner though and took more than half of it home.\n\nTheir pita bread puts a known valley chain with pita in the name to shame. Seriously with a name like that, how can your pita bread taste like cardboard? Anyway, I digress... Cyprus Grill is amazing, and honestly why would you go anywhere else for delicious greek food?!
Bison Witches (buy sandwiches,  GET IT???!!!) has been one of my favorites for years.  I first went to Bison Witches in Tucson.  When ever I go to Bison Witches I get the half soup half sandwich combo.  I usually order the Wisconsin Cheese Soup and the Beef and Brie Sandwich.  The soup is served in a delicious bread bowl.  I eat the soup and the bowl.  I know I am a little piggy.  The half sandwich is huge by the way.  Whole sandwiches are really huge.  Their sandwiches are excellent.  You also get a choice of Poor Brother Potato Chips with your combo.  The prices can't be beat.\n\nTheir bar is great and has great daily specials.  Try the Moose Drool, direct from Montana.  Its a good beer.\n\nI am glad Bison Witches opened in Tempe.  It saves me a two hundred mile drive to Tucson.  I would still make that drive to Tucson if Bison Witches hadn't opened in Tempe.  It is that good.
"""Amazing. Perfect for a romantic dinner. Booked through Open Table and mentioned it was our anniversary; everyone who greeted us congratulated us. Asked us if we were interested in dining in the wine cellar room; quieter and more private. Beautiful there, but really cold -- they have blankets if you like. Meal was impeccable. Wife loved her heirloom tomato salad and halibut entree. My tortilla soup starter was perfect. The Three Little Pigs entree (barbecued loin, crisped pork belly, and braised [?] cheeks). Whimsical, fun, delicious and perfectly cooked. When I asked the server to sub something in for the polenta, he said, \Of course, what would you like\""""? Terrific wine list and beer menu. Service was right on point -- attentive, friendly, accommodating. Our Peaches & Cream Beignets dessert arrived with \""""Happy Anniversary written in chocolate on the bowl, and was comped. Literally nothing I would change about the meal or the experience. Well done!"""""""
This place is a bit hard to find, as it's nestled in what appears to be a largely residential area.  It is, however, worth the effort to track it down.\n\nI dined with a couple of friends, and we all enjoyed the meal immensely.  We ordered 2 appetizers (garlic bruchetta and cheese curds), 1 small plate (flapjacks), and two sharing plates (chicken and waffles, and the nightly special, a fontina-stuffed beef and pork meatloaf served with scalloped potatoes and topped with a chunky, spicy tomato remoulade.)\n\nWithout exception, each dish was excellent. The cheese curds were so simple, without adornment, and simply fantastic. The bruchetta is definitely not for the garlic-averse (a strange trait I thankfully do not possess.) The flapjacks would be a wonderful choice for a vegetarian, and the hummus was divine.  The sharing plates were as delicious as you might imagine given the other reviewers comments, with the only note of improvement being the consistency of the waffle (too thin and crispy, but perhaps it was intended to be as such.)\n\nThe service was largely spot on and attentive without being annoying, the wine and beer list was sufficient, and the for the price, it's a steal.  For a total of 7 alcoholic drinks, 2 apps, 1 small plate, and 2 sharing plates, the total was $101. For the quality of the food presented, it was an absolute bargain.  I can't wait to return!
I've only been to Verde once (SO FAR!), so take this with a grain of salt.  But on that visit, Verde impressed me.  A lot.\n\nIndoors is clean and decorated in a trendy, urban, utilitarian style. There was some audio equipment on shelves in a corner, and I wondered if they have a karaoke night or something.\n\nTheir menu isn't huge, but what they do, they seem to do well. The sauces were fresh and full of a ridiculous amount of flavor. I ordered the green chile, thinking it would be excellent, since the place is named after it.  So I shouldn't have been surprised that it was the best I've had in recent memory, but I was. Tender pork, fresh-tasting verde sauce with the right amount of spice. \n\nBut wait, there's more: even the rice and beans were fantastic. How many places put much thought or effort into a side of rice?\n\nMy friend had one of the taco dishes, and we noticed that the salsa that came with hers was completely different than the one that came with mine.  Both were fantastic.\n\nIf I have an experience on a future visit inferior to this one, I'll adjust my rating and edit my review ... but I don't see that happening. This is already one of my favorite downtown restaurants.
I have been going to Champs Salon now for 10 years.  It's amazing how time flies.  Originally I started going to Champs to have my nails done (by Mandy Evans).  She came highly recommended; and is a lot of fun.  Within the year; I also started having my hair professional colored and cut (by JT; also excellent). \n\nNow a days our whole family has some kind of service there; whether it be cuts or hair shaves for the men or color and nails for the girls. Both Mandy and JT have done so much work for us, onsite and off.  For my daugthers wedding, JT came to the hotel and did everyones hair for them.  For MY wedding; JT trained Mandy and my daughter how to style it (wedding was a in Rocky Point).  Mandy then came down and styled my hair and my flowergirls; along with generally assisting with everything. \n\nOver the past 10 years we have gotten to know everyone at Champs.  Most of the girls here have been here for longer then this even.  They are very professional, and concientious.  They stay up to date with new processes and products. \n\nThe worse I can say is that it is sometimes hard to get a last minute appointment because Mandy and JT are so busy; but I find that it works better to schedule in advance and not spur of the moment. \n\nAll their work is excellent AND guaranteed satisfaction!
LOVE THIS PLACE! I was introduced to them because of a Yelp event held there recently but I loved it. The patio front and side are awesome. Now that the weather is getting a little cooler here - I can't wait to go there and participate in one of my all-time favorite pastimes ... drinks on the patio! It's a perfect venue. The parking garage is right across from the entrance. So easy! Oh, and the food was wonderful as well :)
Some friends and I started going here a couple of months ago after our old wine bar shut down. I've been very happy with this new place we are starting to call our new wine home. \n\nThe wine prices are good and they have a nice selection of beers as well if wine isn't your thing. The staff is friendly and service has always been good for us. They also have a wine club that is well worth the money. They offer a full calendar of events each month from wine tastings to live music. Just want something to munch on while sipping on some wine? They offer some nice cheese trays and chocolate trays too...if you want something more they will allow you to bring in your own food (as long as it's not what they sell there). \n\nI'm happy we found this place and have started making a weekly trip here.
Fred, Ethel, Lucyyyyyyyyyyy! I like-a dis place! I have been here 4 times..can't believe I haven't yelped it yet..but I have been taking a writing hiatis because my 4000 texts and 2800 talk minutes seem to be eating up all my time. Speaking of eating up...you've got to come eat up the grilled asparagus with melted Parmesan and balsamic drizzle...frizzle de dizzle..me good!! I have to get it every time! The bartender is awesome here!! The drinks are divine, the peeps hanging around to take care of your every whim...who could ask for anything more? Oh wait..I can! And they delivered..free valet outside the south entrance with an outside elevator just for Fred's! Oh no they di-'nt? Oh ya..they did! And on top of all that, Tony down in the shoe department has no problem pouring you a glass of vino and putting dessert on your feet! Yes I did, and it was well worth it! Love you Fred!
Beautiful Justine, the owner, seems to always there in a slinky dress and 4'' high heals (Ole).  She makes you feel like you have known before you've ever met.  She is a friendly host and smiling all the time.  \n\nMy two favorite things are: \n - the long beans and \n - the beef salad.  \n\nAlthough the food is vietnamese, it seems more exotic.  I never get Pho here, which is my standard at all other Vietnamese places.  I guess I am too focused on the items above to even ask about Pho.  \n\nYou can also bring your own bottle wine and open it at the restaurant for a small cork fee.
"""I've been living in Chandler for 7 years now. I go every chance I have the chance to. I am a sushi LOVER!!! I've eaten at every sushi place possible in AZ. No sushi place beats Mikado, hands down!! The service is always great! It always has a great atmosphere, they're very welcoming, and the food is great! I STRONGLY suggest anyone go here and try it! \n\nI always get the \STST\"""" (shrimp tempura & crushed spicy tuna) & the \""""volcano\"""" (California tempura roll & a diced mixture of sashimi) & the \""""salmon poppers\"""" (jalapenos stuffed with salmon and deep fried & cut in half). I would really recommend this place! \n\nIt will be worth it!!! (:"""""""
I've been working in the Village at Hayden complex for over 4 years now, and my family has owned a business in the complex for over 15, so I've eaten at all the restaurants that have been in (and out) of the complex over the last decade and a half at least once, if not more. \n\nIt's owned by The Collins Family, proprietors of Wally's American Pub. The concept is really exciting to me. It's all about American favorites made with mostly local and always fresh ingredients of the highest quality. The decor is soothing, with excellent jazz-styled music for listening pleasure. The booths are large and comfortable, and the entrance for the patio is through garage-style doors. Unique, inviting, and pleasing to the eye. The other detail I noticed and loved was the weight of the flatwear. Maybe it's just me, but I really prefer eating a good meal with heavy and comfortable utensils. \n\nThe cuisine is what you're really concerned with, so I'll get to that now (finally!).  The only appetizer I've tried so far (because it's so amazing I can't stop ordering it!) is Dad's Grocery Bag. It comes with 3 cheeses (Manchego, Fresh Goat's Milk and Paremesean), 3 meats (Soppressata, Prosciutto and Capocollo), French loaf, olives, nuts and honey comb plated on a wooden cutting board, with the honey comb resting on a long-handled spoon. Now, if only my dad's grocery bag really carried all these delights when I was a little girl!\n\nI'm a salad girl, largely because of my grain allergy (I save my grain consumption for delights like the bread and a craft brew), and they knocked the Seasonal Vegetable Chop out of the park. Tomatoes, beets, grapes, squash, corn, tomatoes, cabbage, manchego cheese and butter beans tossed in a parsley creamy champagne vinaigrette. Excellently executed, and something I would eat every day for the rest of my many-remaining days if I could afford to do so. \n\nI've heard from a reliable source (my father, who is something of a fish nut) that the Blackened Red Fish was absolutely delicious and cooked to perfection, as was the dirty orzo. And the Grilled Angus Burger is a serious meat-eaters delight, with excellent ground chuck and fresh veggies with Tillamook Cheddar. \n\nOh. And their hot tea! It's LOOSE LEAF brought to you in a nice little teapot. If only every dining establishment would recognize that loose leaf is so vastly superior to the bagged teas. Maybe they'll catch on soon.\n\nFor a restaurant that has been open less than a month, I have to say that they've completely hit it out of the park. My new fav lunch spot, in a complex where the Spotted Donkey, Zipps, and Tandoori Times vie for that spot. The Collins Family has another hit.
"""I had an employee that was looking to get an exam because he was having some serious difficulty with depth perception, so much so that it was making it challenging for him to drive. I wanted to help him out and pay for his exam and new glasses. Dr. Hostetler was able to help him out by finding the right prescription to get things back to good. My employee was extremely satisfied with his new glasses saying, \I feel like a new man now that I can see again! Thank you.\"""" All I did was pay for the services, the real thanks goes to Dr. Hostetler."""""""
Is there a way I can give LUSH an extra star???\n\nPros: Friendly & enthusiastic staff, incredible products, lots of samples, phenomenal smells, reasonable prices, and get this, an HONEST company!!! Read their bag, it'll make you love them more.\n\nCons: if you're sensitive to smells, brace yourself.  Also, if you're the type that wants to be left alone while you shop, beware.  The staff is excited about their products.\n\nDon't miss: R&B hair moisturizer (it drives men crazy!), Coalface facial cleanser & Brazen Honey exfoliating mask.
Another spot I love & can't stay from!!\nA foodie's absolute delight! Modern, but classic French, with an occasional twist.\n\nThis is another place that my husband and I  frequent regularly, order something new every time and love every time.\nI adamantly never ate pork until I relented and tried the fig & espresso pork belly at zinc last year.  And I have to say I've seen the other side!! Amen, hallelujah!!  Pork belly is absolutely as heavenly as people make it up to be...\n\nThe scallops & chorizo are amazing, short ribs, sword fish, crab crepes, omg!!  Just order and you'll do fine!
Great place for a hike! Like other Yelpers have mentioned, this location is not crowded at all. We actually parked at the park at the end of 18th Street on the south side of the mountain. The trail from there joins the Lookout Mountain trail that loops the mountain. The other parking lot South of Greenway on the north side of the mountain was also pretty empty so you wouldn't have a problem finding parking there either. We chose to do the hike to the top of the mountain which was great but gets really steep at some areas so be prepared. The good thing is it's a short distance to the top. I really enjoyed hiking here because it wasn't too easy and wasn't too difficult. I plan on including this location in my regular hiking schedule.
We love this place for breakfast, have not tried lunch items.  Multi-grain pancakes with caramel and banana are my faves, the kid likes the choc-chip ones and hubby gets the same bacon, cheese and mushroom omelette every time.  We all love the cheesy hash browns despite the coronary clogging side effects.  Another yelper mentioned the pancakes having too much cinnamon but I did not taste any cinnamon at all and I am not a fan of the popular spice so I would definitely notice an over kill.  The service is always friendly and accommodating, servers that laugh, talk, smile and deliver!  The place is clean, cool and brightly decorated. Not a full service place, you place your order at the counter yet the service does not end at the counter. The staff delivers your food, checks to see if you have everything you need and comes to clear your dishes.  They also frequently bus the beverage area keeping it clean and stocked.  Overall our experiences at Scramble have been excellent, it is now our go to place for breakfast.
I had a great time! Can't wait to go back! \n\nYou need a reservation on busy nights, and you need to take cash to tip the complimentary vallet. This took us by surprise, but at least we didn't have to stress about parking. \n\nThe hostesses were very nice and efficient. We waited for our party at the outside bar which was very comfortable. Once it was dark they projected a movie/TV onto the wall which was cool.\n\nThe interior was lovely! Industrial lights and red brick walls. Beautiful paintings and cool architecture. I found myself inspired by the decor. The tables were really close together, but it was okay.\n\nThe service was great. They were on top of the water refills, so we were never thirsty. There may or may not have been an incident where the bus boy dripped olive oil on our friends one year old. This was just a speculation because we didn't see it happen. In any case she cleaned up easily and there was no harm done. The waiter was good at clearing away our plates and making sure we were happy.\n\nGood food! The French onion burger was way too good. I suspect someone exchanged their soul for the recipe. I got the pork chile verde, which was good, but probably not the best thing on the menu. \n\nI can't wait to go back again. It will be a good date night with my husband.
"""\Have you ever been over to a friend's house to eat and the food just aint' no good?\""""\n\nYou know the famous line from the Sugar Hill Gang. You won't have to feel that way at this house, because this house has the sauce that is awesome.\n\nYeah, Citizen Public House might just be the most legit place in all of Arizona. I don't know what took me so long to get here.\n\nThis is a destination for foodies, and not just because it's been featured on the Cooking Channel or the Food Network.\n\nSome Highlights:\n\n--Tender Belly Bacon Fat Popcorn! (Not for the pretentious and idiotic)\n--Gorgonzola-Emmental mac-n-cheese (Not for the lactose)\n--The Chopped Salad (This ish is famous yo)\n--The Squealer Burger (yeah, it has bacon in it)\n\nThis place is absolutely amazing.\n\nIf you appreciate food, and can afford to splurge both in the wallet and palate, then make this a destination. \n\nAbsolutely worth it. Next time, I want to try the Lamb Burger.\n\nAlso, the cocktail and draught list is solid. Goose Island Matilda FTW! (Yes, I know its a Budweiser product)"""""""
"""Dessert is my absolute favorite and I'd have it first every time if I weren't with people who like to do things \the normal way\"""".  \n\n If you are gonna do the Melting Pot, do it right! Go all out and don't look at the bill! This isn't a place for cheap-o's.  \n\nIf you are in a hurry, this also isn't the place for you.  Expect at least two hours here!\n\nIf you expect your food to be served cooked, you are in for a treat!  You cook your own food here, hence the \""""Fondu\"""" part. \n\nI've been to the one in Scottsdale and they even offer \""""private booths\"""" with little curtains so you can't see the naughty things people do with fondu! In any case, you will need reservations, this place fills up fast!\n\nBeginners:  You get to your table and you are presented with an crazy menu.  First order the type of cheese fondu you want.  Then you order your salads, your main entree (if you bring a guy, order extra and LET HIM KNOW you cook your own food here). It can take a while, so order an appetizer or something because you can get hungry waiting.  The meets and veggies are cut skewer size so it cooks pretty fast.\n\nCheese Fondu: I suggest the Spinach Artichoke Cheese\nCooking Fondu: The Coq Au Vin\nDessert:- I'm biased because I get the same one everytime - Chocolate S'mores. I'd lick that damn fondu pot like licking is going outta style!\n\nOld timers: You know the drill - have you tried theBIg Night Out?  Its probably the best deal around.\n\nThe questionable:  The wait time in between courses and then waiting to eat my courses.  I guess that's the whole point. Savor, right? I think the meat portions could be more generous, but that could be me being a porker.\n\nBottom Line:  GET DESSERT. GET DESSERT. GET DESSERT!"""""""
Great employees!!! Constantly offering amazing service with a smile and their perky small talks, it also offers an abundance of products, well stocked for your daily needs and demands.\n*** I frequent this Safeway so much, that they even recognize me by name!!! :) That's ALWAYS AWESOME, there is also a great lady very worthy of mentioning, by the name of SUSAN working at the Starbucks inside this location and she is ALWAYS SUPER FRIENDLY and bubbly!!! I adore her!!! No hit or miss with her!!! Always greets me by name with a genuine smile!!!\n*** Also, wonderful cashiers and meat departments employees!! Honestly everyone at this location is super nice, I always leave with a positive experience!!!
Tiny little gem of a place. \n\nI hesitate to give it five stars given how few menu items I've actually had, but the ones I have had are bloody good. The pasta giovanni is absolutely freaking outstanding. Despite the large portion, every time I feel compelled to keep shoveling it down until the plate is clean. \n\nThe fried mozzarella appetizer is good too. I was expecting those stupid sticks that come as appetizers everywhere else. Instead, it was a nice, large piece of cheese that looked like it was covered with the batter from fish n' chips. \n\nI've yet to have the pizza, although walking by tables with it, it does look promising. Once I go an convince myself not to have the giovanni, I'll give it a shot.
"""I rolled into town (Carefree and Cave Creek) looking for an inexpensive hotel/motel.  All I could find was The Tumbleweed.  It looked like the Bates Motel (Psycho) and I couldn't even find the lobby; I wasn't sure if it was part of a store next door that sold saddles and wagon wheels (but it was locked up and closed).  I saw a sign on the ground with a hand painted on it and the finger pointing to the sidewalk.  It said \Lobby.\""""  I never found lobby.  That was my good luck because I gave up and asked a local if there were any other hotels around and he directed me to the Carefree Resort down the road about a mile or so away from bustling Cave Creek.  \n\nGot a room for $69 which was a great deal because the room was beautiful and had a big balcony with a view of gorgeous cacti.  The service was great except that housekeeping didn't clean the coffee pot; no big deal.  I'm just glad they had a coffe pot!  \n\nThe pool was fantastic and the burger (poolside) was yummy.  The bellman gave me a free ride into Cave Creek where I had a rip-roaring good time at the Buffalo Chip nearby (with real live bullriding in the back!).  The bellman even  agreed to come back and fetch me anytime!  Cheers to that!  The  resort is beautiful and I look forward to my next stay there!  Five stars!"""""""
"""Pretty cool place!! Helpful employees, no pressure to buy anything. Which is nice when you are a parent of 3 kids. The store at Downtown Disney is a bit pushy and hands a lot of things over to kids. Which turns into survival of the fittest when you have a kid who wants a $100 Lego set. True story. \n\nIt was nice that the employee came over and told my son to \fill the bucket until it won't close. We tape the top on\"""". My son was was afraid he was stealing if he took too many. Or that they would weigh the container like a salad bar! Not true either way. Chase was happy with his full to the top $7.95 bucket of Legos. I was happy... Until midnight hit and I was walking up the stairs in a Lego combat zone! Ouch! That review would be for my own house, not the Lego store!! \n\nOverall, wonderful store for all ages of Lego lovers. Boys and girls, teens and adults. Prices are from low end to WTF it's a piece of plastic!! ;)"""""""
"""I have been going to \college\"""" for 11 years now... yet I have no degree. I bet you are wondering how that is even possible.\n\nMaybe, like Van Wilder, I just like being in school (I don't, I hate it). \n\nMaybe I'm dumb.\n\nMaybe I'm desperately trying to prevent my youth from slipping away. \n\nAnyway, back to PVCC. Beautiful campus. Well maintained. Variety of classes at convenient times. Nice professors. Amazing cafe (get the cheesecrisp!!). Overall my fav community college in the valley (and I have been to all of them).\n\nGO PUMAS!!!!!!!!!!!!!"""""""
I've been here a LOT. I live down the road. \n\nTo start...the food here is pretty much all good. The only thing I would suggest avoiding is the nachos. They load them up but so much the chips turn soggy real quick. However they have odd things like deep fried pickles which are delicious and their breakfast foods are super delicious.\n\nThe staff is wonderful and we are never left for wanting to say the least. Some of them actually recognize us by face which is nice. \n\nThe restaurant itself is really nice, some of the seats are a bit beat up but otherwise it's always really clean and they have mini juke boxes at each table and you get 2 songs for a quarter so bring your change! Unless you hate 50s music that is. It's also all 50 decor inside so if you're looking for a nostalgic place, this is the place to go.\n\nAs for the shakes, everyone is right in saying they are awesome and they're HUGE. I can almost never finish them. \n\nOver all, I'd highly suggest this place and also you can ask for the discount cards so if you get 7 meals, you get 1 free. It's not very pricey either which is a plus.
Better than Pizzeria Bianco...NUF SAID!!! \n\nSeriously, this is one of my favorite places to dine in the valley, phoenix, arizona, um...anywhere for that matter. I've had some of the best pizza there is, from new york to chicago, italy and back. Cibo is my favorite. The service is always spot-on. The wine list smart, the appetizers tasty, salads luscious, deserts to die for, the location is adorable and of course the pizza is perfect! This place has palpable charm and the ambiance whether its quiet or busy is somehow always what you hoped for. Just writing this is making me change my plans for dinner tonight!
I can't say enough great things about the Tuck Shop!  I have been there a handful of times and every time they are gracious and inviting.  A few of those occasions I have been with a group of people and we always get loud and rowdy.  But I never feel like we need to calm down.  The owner and servers always remember me which make me feel oh so special!  The menu changes quite frequently but my absolute favorites, cheese curds and the skirt steak are staples that never change.  I am actually heating up my left over tomato casserole right now!  If you go on the night where the special is fish and chips, do not hesitate, order them.  The best fish and chips I have ever had.  My mouth is watering just thinking about them...
This place is just lovely - a true hidden gem.  I discovered Fuego Bistro after it was featured on Groupon, and I'm sure glad I did!  I have been there 3 times now, and each visit was just a great as the previous. \n\nI have been there on a date, I took my 50 year old mom there, and I also went with my mid-20s female friends to celebrate a birthday.  All different audiences, but everyone I have taken has loved it!  Needless to say, it appeals to many, and is perfect for birthdays, anniversaries and friendly get-togethers.\n\nEnvironment:  I have never sat inside because I very much enjoy the outside patio.  At night, it is very quaint and romantic with a water fountain, Christmas lights of sorts, nice trees and vines, and there has been pleasant live music during all 3 of my visits.  It is a quiet venue, making it very easy to converse with those at your table.\n\nService:  The Fuego Bistro staff is attentive, friendly and genuine.  It seems they have all worked there for some time and that the owner does a wonderful job of making them all feel as though they are a family.  They seem to know and care about each other, they believe in the place they work, and the customers benefit as a result.\n\nFood:  Delicious!  My absolute favorite dinner dish is the braised angus short rib roast, and I'm not even a beef person!  It is wonderfully marinated and very flavorful.  I have had all of sides from the mashed potatoes to the carrots, and all of them are great.  What I love about Fuego is that they take a classic dish and add its own flare with an array of spices and sauces.\n\nPrices:  The dinner dishes range in the mid to low $20s, but I have only visited Fuego with a Groupon or LivingSocial voucher in hand. I love that Fuego is so supportive of deals and the waiters/waitresses are not only accepting of the vouchers, but they are enthusiastic about your savings as well.\n\nI highly recommend you visit Fuego Bistro for a unique and pleasant dining experience!
"""We go here at least once a month. It seems economical but I think I spend more money here than anywhere else. But I do use most things. Umm..Most.\n\nThis particular Costco is fairly new. Maybe opened around 2005. We just bought a memory foam mattress from here and they also had a coupon in their \coupons\"""" flyer for a $100 off. It was a great buy considering we would have paid twice what we spent here at a roomstore or ashley furniture for a simple mattress much less a memory foam mattress. The mattress fit fine in our 2007 camry in the backseat. It comes on rollers.\n\nWe love the little samples they give out but have rarely purchased what they are advertising, except for the Mango Nectar. Yumm...\n\nWe really like the Kirkland papertowels. I like them better than Bounty. Also their Hummus is awesome. They also have fresh Medjool dates for 6 months out of the year. More towards the warmer months of the year. They come from California and are much cheaper than most other places. I prefer not to get their fruit and veggies there because it is too much and it mostly goes bad before i get to it.  Word is that they import their lamb directly from Australia and it is halal.\n\nAlthough I have never returned anything yet at Costco, I do like their return policy. They do take \""""anything\"""" back. I have seen people returning watermelons e.t.c before. \n\nI prefer Costco over Sam's Club because of its organization and cleanliness. The employees are friendly and helpful once you can find one. From what I understand Costco pays their employess $20 an hour!!! They all look very professional."""""""
"""Picture this:  Girl hasn't had a spot of sugar in two months.  Former NFL running back invites said girl for ice cream.  What better place than Mary Coyle?\nAs soon as we walked in (FIRST DATE), we got a corner booth.  Service was super-friendly.  Knowing I was having my first sugar rush in FOREVAH, I immediately said \Anything with peanut butter\"""" to the girl.  Hey, if I am going against the grain with my strange eating habits, I'm goin' all out.  Besides, the bruthas love a lil meat on the bones, right?\nGot our water with HUGE lemon slices right away and ice cream wasn't far behind.\nOK the company gave it the last star.  Wait.  I would give it 6 stars because the place is worth 5 but the guy made it 6.  Got it?  Good.\nPretty busy for 8:30 on a Wednesday night.  Mixed crowd.  Every time another table got served, we both said \""""Dang, we got cheated\"""" because everything looked so good!\nI've been a few times and have enjoyed it every time!\nGo.  Forget Cold Stone.  Go to Mary Coyle.\nJust don't flirt with the football player and you won't get hurt, OK?"""""""
Came here with friends on a Friday night.  The place was packed and there was a waitlist started.  Good thing part of our group was inside already eating and had reserved our seats.  The food was pretty tasty and the portions were big.  My friend I split a chicken bowl.  It filled us both up.  Our friends got other items on the menu and most of us finished our food.  Just by the looks of the crowd, it doesn't look like this place would be a disappointment.  You should try this place out if you're in the area.
Love Famous Dave's!!!\n\nThe smoked brisket just melts in your mouth and the pulled pork is equally FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC!!! This is typically what I order when I go there for lunch on the weekends. Their lunch menu, which is available all the way to 5:00 PM, is a great deal. I usually get the two meat one (already mentioned which meats I prefer), with a side of slaw, green beans as a replacement for a corn cobette, and a corn muffin. Usually scaled down lunch portions are not as satisfying as their relative dinner portion. This lunch portion, however, is more than enough food to stuff your gord.\n\nWill I go back to Famous Dave's, specifically the one at San Tan? You're darn right I will again-and-again-and-again.
"""This place has been on my \to try\"""" list for about 10 years, and after a Saturday afternoon game at Tempe Diablo, we finally swung by. \n\nThe meal was delightful. We ordered a small hummus, the falafel plate, and the \""""istanbuli combo:\"""" chicken, lamb, and kafka kabobs. Everything, including the lentil soup and salad, was fresh and loaded with flavor. The falafel might be the best I've ever had.\n\nAll for 23 bucks before tip--some serious bang for your buck. \n\nService was very friendly. We will definitely be back."""""""
I would like to mention that the Mesa office is NOT closed. I have an appointment to go there today. I believe their Gilbert office is still open as well. They are are very good doctors office. I can almost always get a same day appointment or an appointment within a couple of days. Even if they are booked up, they will find a way to squeeze me in if it is something urgent (like a migraine). Dr. Jensen is very caring and listens.
Oh breakfast, you're my best friend. Let's be pals forever and for always.\n\nButterfields offers so many choices, it's almost absurd. You can choose between breakfast or lunch.. Although for me, it's no contest. Breakfast wins every time. \n\nThe skillet I ordered started with a hash brown base, topped with peppers, chorizo and avocado then topped with two over easy eggs. It originally came with cheese, but they left it off for me. This comes with your choice of pancakes or grits. I picked whole wheat pancakes. Sooooo good. Everything was delicious. Even the fresh squeezed OJ and I don't even really like oranges. \n\nThe service was very friendly and prompt. I could seriously eat just about everything on the menu. I can't wait to go back.
So, i've worked at two yummy burger places (Delux and Fez), so I think I know a good burger when I'm presented with one.  Two Hippies is yummy, nothing fancy, nothing incredible, but what do you expect for $5? I got yummy seasoned fries (which were soggy, but the irony is I LOVE soggy french fries!), and the burger had yummy carmelized onions, which is Delux's secret!\n\nThe best surprise was the owner, his customer service was incredibly great! Best I've had in a long time. SUPER nice guy, and even gave my fiance a free soda! Gotta luv that Dark Cherry pop!\n\nGo, it's cute and fun!!
Zia, Eastside and Bookmans are the Trinity when it comes to record stores and its kinda funny and convenient that Zia and Eastside they are like 100 feet away from each other. An AWESOME selection of used CDs and good selection of new. They have tons of DVDs and vinyl.  This is your stop for any CD/DVD needs. The Vinyl selection at Zia is better for your new vinyl needs and not so much for used classic vinyl.  Although the back ally parking is kinda sketchy and I can't get my wife to go with me. Plus its lock that there will be a bum out front asking for money. But its worth parking in murder alley and getting hustled by bums. Still 5 stars.
I LOVE this bar. My first visit was in 2004 when it was known as Bar Nun. I'd just moved to AZ and I was drawn in by the neon green light and funny name. Little did I know it was the beginning of a love affair. \n\nSince I didn't know anyone yet I went by myself and sat at the bar. The staff was friendly and so were the patrons. Some of the patrons turned out to be a little too friendly, and the bartender, Jennifer, insisted that the barback walk me to my car to ensure my safety. As if that wasn't enough to make a fan out of me, I found out they serve $2 Blue Moons all day Saturday and the food is awesome!\n\nThe burgers are great, and you can order them rare if you like. I also became addicted to their BBQ chicken sandwich. And the wings. They'll grill them instead of fry them for you which is a bonus. In fact I don't thing there is anything that I have tried and disliked here.\n\nThursday-Sunday night they usually have a pretty decent cover band. Usually classic rock or 80s stuff. They also have NTN and a ton of TVs if you're into sports.\n\nI was so in love that when it came time to move from my apartment, I made sure my new house was within walking distance. Not that you'd need to walk, (since half the year it is hot as hell even at 2am I can see why you wouldn't want to walk) they offer a free ride program on the weekends where they'll pick you up and drop you off. That way you don't have to worry about Sheriff Joe and wearing pink undies at Tent City.\n\nWow, I kinda wanna move back now. CK's I miss you!!!
"""If Postino is your quintessential laid back Southwestern wine bar, then Cheuvront is the quintessential urban wine bar - sleek, hip, modern, fantastic wine list, delicious cheeses, great food (and a nice variety), amazing desserts, and friendly staff.  What more could you want?  \n\nIt's dangerous that I live right by this place because I'm in here a lot.  I knew it would be great from the first time I was here.  The bartender Jeff is truly outstanding - incredibly friendly, knowledgeable about the wines and cheeses (but not in a snobby way), and a good conversationalist (never a \how's the weather today?\"""").  On more than one occasion he's slipped me a couple complimentary wine/cheese tastings.  \n\nI like the James Bond they generally have projected onto one of the walls with the sound off.  I know lots of people don't like the distraction, but I think it just adds to that urban contemporary feel.  They also have a small lcd tv above the bar that they'll put anything on, from the Food Network to Dancing With The Stars to the DBacks game - whatever you're into that night.\n\nThe sit-down wine tastings are fun and interesting (and not that expensive) and each showcases a different specific wine making region (or a specific vineyard).  You will likely be introduced to one or more delicious and inexpensive wines you never would have otherwise known about, and they give you the opportunity at the end of the tasting to purchase the bottles at a reduced price.\n\nThe only downside is that I've gained 10lbs eating cheese and drinking wine."""""""
"""I visited the petroglyphs at Deer Valley today; I am sooo impressed! The building is unassuming and looks pretty vacant inside at first glance. But the information in center is really thoughtful, homespun and introspective. It's also fast moving because the staff knows you want to get outside and see those rocks!\n\nThe outdoor path to the basalt rock mound is wide and clear, though a little scary with all it's \rattlesnake habitat\"""" signs. I'm not gonna lie: the petroglyphs are awesome. There are about 1500 images scattered across the rocky hill, and it seems like they are all facing the same side. It appears that the hill and the the rocks were very important to the people who carved these images and many present day tribes claim symbolism that pertains to their culture is found on the rocks, so maybe it was important for more than one group. My guess is the location was important because it was related to some ancient volcanic activity; that is how basalt is formed. \n\nAnyway, totally rad reserve and museum and clearly i'm a huge geek. the end."""""""
Mike, the manager of this location, is great.  He really cares about the quality of his operation and the service delivered.\n\nYes, it is still fast food.  But the little things really make a difference when comparing mass-produced food experiences like fast food, and, on that score, this particular Arby's is a winner.  Clean as a whistle and you get treated like a human being and not just a number. \n\nExpect to be greeted warmly and to get your food promptly.   Mike makes a real difference because he takes his job seriously and trains his staff accordingly. Ring the bell on the way out if you enjoyed your experience - and get a chorus of Thank Yous! from the staff for your trouble.\n\nHighly recommended.
I would give My Big Fat Greek Restaurant 4.5 stars if possible, but since I can't, I'm rounding up in this instance.\n\nWe frequent the location in downtown Phoenix at the Arizona center. The outdoor patio seating is great, it has a nice view of the Arizona center plaza & park, with the calming sounds of the waterfalls right near the patio.\n\nFor starters, try the Greek fries. They serve a heft plate of french fries topped with a tart lemony sauce and cheeses (including feta). This app is delishhhh.\n\nThe Happy Hour (4-7pm) specials get my stamp of approval. They offer $3 large beers on tap, including some super good beers like Alaskan Amber. They're worth a visit just for their beer specials.\n\nFor the main courses, one of our favorite dishes is the pizza salad. You get a plate of warm, toasty pizza crust with a delicious salad thrown on top. The salad is dressed with feta cheese and a tasty balsamic vinaigrette dressing. It is very difficult for me to NOT order the pizza salad when I'm at MBFG restaurant.\n\nAnother good dish is the Vegetarian Mousaka (http://twitpic.com/46x9h ), however it can be a little bit sweet. The lemon potatoes and lemon rice are very tasty, if you're into lemon flavored sides. \n\nGive MBFG restaurant a try, even if it's just for their happy hour beers.
Lee Lee is more than an Oriental Supermarket... it's international.  They have aisles of things from South America, Africa, and Great Britain in addition to the expected Chinese, Japanese, Indian, Korean, Vietnamese, and things from other Asian countries.\n\nI found some Dutch things there that I had not seen outside of the Netherlands, and some things from South America that a friend from Dominican Republic would bring home with her.\n\nThe place is huge, and always crowded.  In this case, crowds are good.  I am always able to get help finding things I need from other shoppers who can read the Chinese and Japanese labels.\n\nThey have restaurant in the corner.   Walk behind the low wall  on the north side of the building and through the door into the seating area to find a counter that has light fare.  That's were you can find the boba drinks.  Boba rulz!
I give this place a 5-star review because of the Jokester Room. Every Thursday night they have a free bues concert by Hans Olson, who is an amazing musician. He can play any song you can throw out at him. I really wanted to hear Me and Bobby McGee, and he did a beautiful job. \n\nThe beer is cheap, good specials, and the pineapple bacon pizza looked very tasty. I'd recommend checking this place out if you're in the area. If I lived in Phoenix, I'd be a regular.
Now worthy of 5 stars for replacing their toilet with one that actually flushes. It's always nice when a place that sells diuretic beverages has a working toilet.\n\n---\n\nThe baked goods are baked right there in the coffee house, by their employees.  The coffee is roasted right there, on site. Iced tea refills are free, bitches. The baristas are hep cats who ride fixie bikes. Now, I like to coast, but shit...  Gotta give them cred. If you go often enough, the other regulars will be friendly. If you hate Mac laptops, you probably should stay away. The new tables are great. There are power outlets everywhere. It's next to Pane Bianco. I run into my homies there on the regular. When it comes to coffee shops in CenPho, there is no competitor. Jeff, the owner, is a cool dude. The seating outside is nice. I have been known to spend all day there, and use it as my office away from home and my real office. I seriously probably spend about 16 hours a week there or so, maybe more some weeks, working on my laptop and occasionally people watching. Did I mention that I kind of like this place?
I think this is my favorite restaurant in the city. I love the innovative idea, the food and wine pairings are superb, and most of all that you don't have to choose what you want... you only tell them what you don't want... because you know what you don't want but sometimes it's hard to decide what you do.  Well, they do that part for you and all of your guests, and they bring different items for everyone at the table. It is a lovely, wonderful, delicious experience.
Recently moved back to Mesa, I have been on the hunt for a place to get a good sandwich and fresh bread. This place now tops my list of places in the East Valley to get a good sandwich. My first sandwich was the Atlantic Haddock Provencal. A sandwich made with seared, lightly breaded haddock, sliced hard-boiled egg, fresh basil, romaine lettuce, tomato, Provencal tartar sauce on a grilled Brioche roll. The brioche was amazing. It was light and fluffy. The haddock was perfectly cooked with just the right amount of breading, and the vegetables were fresh and in perfect proportions as to not overpower the bread and haddock. Sometimes when you go to a sandwich shop they overload it with everything else that the meat and bread are just there to accessorize the vegetables and sauce. This was perfectly done. The atmosphere is pleasant and open with nice music as the light smell of fresh bread in the background salivates me. This is a must-visit lunch time destination. Dinner review shortly.
So a group of us decided to get brunch here this am and boy am I glad I did. I started with a super killer spicy bloody Mary that came with a little beer chaser...awesome. I got the green Chile meat loaf with fried eggs. I can easily say this was among  the best meat loaf I've ever had .the texture was perfect, flavor deep and rich and it worked sooooo well with my over easy eggs. I can't wait to gio back and try some of the other stuff on the menu....awesome!!!!
I read about Los Reyes on Yelp earlier this year and have really wanted to try it. My boyfriend and I went on Friday and we REALLY enjoyed it! I used to be obsessed with tortas when I lived down in Guadalajara, so I was especially excited. I ordered a torta with chopped steak, onions, peppers, cheese, beans, avocado and more. Delicious! I could only eat half (half is about the size of a burger). I also got an horchata - really refreshing after the spicy-ness of the peppers and hot sauce. \n\nMy boyfriend got a steak torta and a Mandarin Soda. He LOVED it. He somehow managed to eat the whole thing! \n\nDefinitely want to go back and try more of their food and fresh juices. Highly recommend Los Reyes!!!
"""Personally, I think Cochise Animal Hospital is great, but it may not be for everybody. Only one vet works here (though I think a new vet might have joined the practice recently) & it is a very small animal hospital. I love it none the less. Due to the small size, the vets & the vet techs really know their clients & are able to spend a little time with them. A couple of times when a vet tech wasn't available, the vet actually took the time to clip my dog's nails. I couldn't believe it. My last vet would have told me to come back later. \n\nThere is one vet tech named Valerie (I am pretty sure) who is especially great. She is really into animal health & every time I stop by she weighs my dog & talks to me about how to keep her healthy. For example, during the summer when it was too hot to walk she worked with me on adjusting what my dog was eating so that she wouldn't put on too much weight. (For free.) \n\nThis animal hospital is just a really \Main Street\"""" style vet's office- heavy on the personal touch. They have fairly odd hours but a couple of times I have been offered appointments when they are supposed to be closed. If you need a vet with someone always on call, this is probably not the place for you given its small size. But if you are looking for an vet who really focuses on spending time with their clients & keeping them healthy from the get go, this is a great place."""""""
Great food service and atmosphere. Reasonable pricing. \nWanted to find a nice local restaurant w atmosphere for our last night in Scottsdale. Made reservations for 6:15 on a Thursday and arrived early-- no problem. It did become more crowded quickly.we sat outside on a very pleasant large patio. Service was great.\nMenu was not huge but food was very good. Especially notable was the Mediterranean salad and the sweet potato cannelloni. Cannelloni was rich and unique. Though my hubby thought it was too sweet. He had mushroom flatbread he thought was awesome. Two in our party had great filling lasagna. We had gelato and brown butter almond cake for dessert. All five in our party gave this place high reviews.
Yep, dudes get their hair done here too.\n\nI don't know what it is about haircuts for me.  My head must be a funny shape, or my hair must be a funny texture, or maybe I squirm a lot in the chair.  Or maybe my hair just has expensive taste in stylists.  I don't know.  What I do know is that, for some reason, it's hard for me to find someone who can make me look good (hair I mean, not face or physique, I can't find ANYBODY to fix those).\n\nQuick tangent - as a teenager, my stylist in NY was the guy who did the hair for Miss Universe 2001 (Puerto Rico) and 2002 (Russia).  If you're wondering, I'm heterosexual and happily married.\n\nAnyway, Bernadette is a magician when it comes to my hair.  Every 6-8 weeks, she transforms the pile of crap I bring to her on the top of my head into something, dare I say, sexy.  I've been to other places in the Valley, and even other stylists at Par, and I would always leave more depressed then when I walked in.  Not with Bernie.  She's also cute and fun, which doesn't hurt.\n\nYes, it's a tad more expensive than Super Cuts.  But it's a guarantee that I walk out happy.  And showing off the new 'do is a great excuse to go upstairs to Sol Y Sombra.
When you walk into the small door from outside your world is transformed into coffee heaven. Although I always grab a cold one on the way out, it's always nice to get some frothy espresso and enjoy a game of scrabble sometimes.\n\nA great spot to grab a coffee off campus and to steal some time for yourself. Secretly hidden, The best way to start a hot day is with an ice cold Toddy (extremely strong iced coffee) it's got an acquired taste but it'll have you up and running in no time. Cartel's Coffee is very strong. First time I ordered a shot of espresso I even had to chase it down, definitely worth a try!!\n\nTheir addition of the Ipad in the ordering process has helped speed up order time & looks pretty cool too. So, if your in a rush grab one for on the go & if you've got some time sit down for the day. Either way, one step into  Cartel Coffee Lab awakens you. My favorite coffee joint in Tempe for sure and perfectly hidden from the close noise of ASU's Tempe campus.
"""Extraordinary, astonishing, sensational, & remarkable food.  Hands down.\n\nMy & my gf moved here from San Antonio, Texas to attend ASU in Tempe.  We live in Ahuatukee on the I-10 two exits away.  We used to go to Whataburger all the time.  This must be a Texas obsession, because I BARELY see any around.  Anyway!  The minute we saw the sign where it said ,\Coming Soon, Rudy's.\"""" WE BOTH FREAKED OUT, & said, \""""Oh My God, Rudy's is coming here!?  Shut the hell up!\""""  Then we waited, & waited, & waited some more......  Then one day I see that it is completely built & there are employees walking around the place.  Almost there.  Finally, Grand Opening!  Immediately after getting out of work I go directly to Rudy's to wait in the MASSIVE line snaking around the building.  There must have been more than 100 people in that line easy.  We did not care.  We proudly wore our Rudy's 20th Anniversary shirts that we had from back home.   \n\nFormer & current Texas residents imagine this:  I used to live literally across the street from the Rudy's that was serving Sea World on US HWY 151.  Yup, right there.   And I went often.  Sometimes even with my sportbiker crew that I rode around with.  Rudy's is the absolute sh**.  My gf & I always talk about how we miss Rudy's & she even had her parents ship her the bottles of Rudy's Sause.  That's how much we loved that place.  So there we are on opening day waiting about 30 to 45 minutes for pure goodness.  Then we get to the front of the line.   I love how the staff yells.  They did that at in San Antonio, too, but these guys are super loud.   Love that.   We did notice that the sides items (coleslaw, potato salad, etc...) are all prepackaged in styrofoam cups in refrigerators which is nice.  They stay cold in there.  Good idea.  Also, we noticed that there was no pickles on the menu.  Rudy's in San Antonio always charged us for pickles that they sliced & served us.  We were very disappointed at first.  We even asked an employee that happened to be from Laredo, TX & she was not aware of the pickles at all.  She might have never gone to Rudy's is why.   Oh well.\n\nAnyway, we get our food in a bottle crate on wax paper, (THIS IS THE WAY IT HAS BEEN DONE IN TEXAS FOR THE LONGEST TIME SO IF YOU DON'T LIKE IT, TOUGH!)  All non-Texans just do not get it & they probably never will.  Oh well, their loss if they never go back.  \nSo we start walking to the condiment bar & lo & behold there were the pickles!  Free of charge.  Yay!  We nearly yelled at the girl for telling us she knew of no pickles.  Pickles is something you don't play with when it comes to Rudy's.  You NEED to have pickles with your Rudy's barbeque, people!  No butts about it.  We have a laugh with the girl & the manager about the misunderstanding.  And by the way, that awesome manager, Marcus is the absolute Bomb dot com.\n\nSo at last we sit down on the old country benches to eat.  The moment of truth.  I like to refer to this moment as \""""P.H.E.\"""" PURE HEAVENLY EUPHORIA.  \n\nJust as others have said, the brisket is tender, the chicken is tasty, the sausage... oh my.   Wonderful sausage links marinated in Godly flavoring.  Another difference here:  They not only give you white bread with your meal, but you now have a choice of enriched wheat bread.  Lovely.  \n\nI happen to love the sissy sauce.  I think it's just right for my spicy sensitive \ntongue.\n\nOne more difference I took notice of.  I used to order the chopped meat back home.  It used to contain a little bit of everything like chicken, pork, & beef.  All mixed in Rudy's Sause.  Not here.  I asked the employees, & they did not know of this of course.  They said they didn't carry it.   Only the pure chopped beef.  That's okay.  Because I love that all the same, regardless.  \n\nI can say that the best meal here would be a quarter pound of chopped beef, potato salad, coleslaw, wheat bread, & either a Big Red or a Coke.  PHE all the way, baby.  \n\nThere's no way Rudy's is getting anything less than five stars.  We missed you Rudy's.  We welcome you back into our lives.\n\nThat was only two weeks ago.  We've been back 4 times since then."""""""
I was going to take my car to a family owned car wash/lube but felt very uneasy with how everyone looked so rushed...We've all heard of horror stories of oil changes gone wrong and I just wanted to avoid that. Call it woman instinct or being paranoid but I just wanted to make sure my car was taken care of!\n\nI looked on yelp and found this place. All the reviews were good so decided to give it a try.\n\nAs soon as I pulled up, I was greeted by a friendly guy who asked me what I was looking for and I told him I was wanting an oil change and my tires rotated. Much to my delight, he said they could do both. He walked me inside and found the place to look like a hole in the wall on the outside but in the inside, it was very clean. The guy behind the counter was friendly and right away told me how much everything would cost... No pressure just friendly service.\n\nWhen they were finally done, my total for my service which included rotating my tires was around 60.00. One of the guys was nice enough to open my car door when I went outside to leave. I will be back for sure!
"""This place signatures the phrase \good eats ~ hole in the wall\"""" .. I mean the owner spends no money on decor etc... it's all about the food and people ^^ and seriously that's the way it should be yO!!\n\nI ordered Chicken Taco ~~ to die for order this for sure!!\nChicken Chimimanga .. ~~ oh dear a huge shredded beef deep fried burrito (wow) .. so good!! (sort of heavy)\n\nI love this place.. I'm making it my ultimate mexican grub spot!"""""""
What a treasure. I was very impressed with everything. They do use styrofome dishware but it makes for easy cleanup. The atmosphere was really fun. An Indian movie was playing as we ate which added to the atmosphere as well.  Everything was very clean and picked up. The staff were very friendly and helpful as well. The women that helped us explained what all the dishes were and even gave us seconds of our favorite without any extra charge!  I will be a regular here without a doubt. The prices are great too. Highly recommended!
"""I usually don't discriminate when it comes to frozen yogurt. I've had my fair share of yogurtology, yo-yo yogurt, and mojo. \n\nSo, WHY am I rating Yogurtland so high, you ask? Well, first and most importantly, you're not bending over every time you whip your wallet out. \n\nFunny story: I live in Tempe so I frequent the nearby fro-yo places often and am used to paying $6-$7 for my heaping deliciousness- and please believe I don't skimp out on any super yummy-not so healthy-toppings either.\n\nSo, one night after an exhausting evening of holiday shopping (yes, its exhausting) I stopped by and piled myself an intoxicating oozing mountain of heaven. Grinning, like a child I walked to the counter, the nice guy at the register weighed my nonsense I call perfection-in-a-cup and recited the total: $3.64. I was shocked.\n\nI'm like, did you give me a discount? I said slyly.. he responds \yes, equally as sly, but facetiously.. then educated me on how I am getting \""""ripped off\"""" when I go elsewhere and that they, the lovely world of Yogurtland, are inexpensive, yet equally as delicious. \n\nSo, I was going to have a 2nd and 3rd point, but the FAIR pricing governs all.. and I will happily frequent my inhabitants at Yogurtland  whenever possible."""""""
"""I've been going to the Wag N' Wash for three years - ever since I brought home Frankie, my toy Australian Shepherd. For the first two years, I fed him nothing but Wellness brand foods. It's a wonderful brand that's organic, with tons of variations- all/most carried at the Wag N' Wash. The owners are super knowledgeable about all of the food they carry, and actually suggested switching to the frozen raw meat when Frankie's stomach began to sour. It's been the only thing he can tolerate for over a year now, and thank goodness the folks at the WN'W carry a steady supply. \n\nThey have tons of pet toys, treats, health supplements, leashes, brushes, beds, etc... they even sell doggie ice cream (which I bought for Frankie to celebrate both his first and second birthdays). And if you're in the mood for some fresh, custom treats, you're in luck! The Wag N' Wash also has a bakery where they sell a huge variety of treats. \n\nThe \wash\"""" portion of the Wag 'N Wash is equally as great as the store portion. They provide all of the supplies you could need for a wash, and the price is great - $15 for a premium wash! The staff is always available and interested to provide help or advice at any time. I'd have to say that coming to the Wag N' Wash is always a positive experience, and I'm so glad that I found it!"""""""
Here's the deal, I was torn between giving this place 4 or 5 stars and here's why.  First, the portions have grown (and so has my waist) since I first started frequenting this place.  Second, I (and any invited guests) are always spoiled by the staff; they're always helpful and prompt and the restaurant itself is clean and inviting.  Last but not least, they are quick; even during a busy lunch hour, our food was out before you could make a dent in your Thai Iced Tea.\n\nSpeaking of the Thai Iced Tea, it's sweet - just like I like it - yet you still get a hint of the tea with each sip (or slurp).  Actually, I wish they would use a frosted mug and forgo the ice so I could enjoy the refreshing beverage down to the last drop, instead of being greeted with a diluted concoction at the end of my meal.\n\nThe Papaya salad is fresh and light, and ordering it at a medium spice will initially give you a nice kick in the mouth without melting your face off.  The Ginger stir fry plate has a nice taste, and I would definitely recommend it if you're in the mood for a vegetable and rice plate.  The Pad Thai is good, but one thing I found is that the noodles were a bit too soggy - it would've been nice if they were just a tad more firm, although I must commend the kitchen for fully cooking the shrimp as I've been to some Thai places where the shrimp arrive a bit undercooked.\n\nSo is this the best Thai food I've ever had?  No, but this is a case where the whole is greater than the sum of its parts and the restaurant is definitely on my short list of good Thai places in my area.  Ultimately, the combination of the service, accommodations, and food is why I gave it a full five stars.  You'll also enjoy it if you're a big KYOT 95.5 fan since they're usually playing smooth jazz renditions of Outkast's 'I like the way you move'.  :)\n\nIf you plan on checking it out, I would recommend dropping by in the evening & early in the week as the restaurant usually has only 2 or 3 patrons enjoying a quiet dinner.  Lunch hours are usually busy as Intel's main campus is only a stone's throw away.
A little place I would like to call Heaven! \n\nDaily Dose is amazing. Daily Dose makes me want to be a better person... The consistency of being wonderful every time I go is what brings me back! I have never once had a bad experience there. Friendly, warm, inviting atmosphere & amazing food. I could eat breakfast, lunch & dinner there every day..... \n\nLet's talk about what makes them so great... I know - you want details.... \nWell to start homemade warm giant pretzels is a go-to every time. Especially during happy hour. \n\nChicken nachos...... no brainer.... $5 during happy hour and know what's even better DD is extending their happy hour for the summer 4p - till CLOSE! \n\nMy go-to is Cobb Salad with a veggie patty on top - dressing on the side please.... The salad is huge! Filled with fresh lettuce, tomato, crispy bacon, egg, etc.. The veggie patty homemade - warm - breaks apart with every bite! Just delicious. If I was on death rode I would choose DD to fill me with my last meal. WHY? Because the fresh, homemade food will definitely bring a smile to your face even if your about to die! \n\nThank you DD for making life so good....
They have an awesomely stocked chocolate walk with 7 million truffles all giving you their best come-hither bedroom eyes. \n\nI'll try to mention things others haven't:\n\nTheir gift wrapping is pretty, fun, and classy. You can get something wrapped up as a present and not worry about the paper - the beautiful ribbons and flowers they put on it are lovely.\n\nThey have huge fundraising boxes of chocolate that are well-priced and reasonable for your organization or cause. Also, if you are just one person that wants an enormous amount of chocolate but does not wish to be judged harshly, pick up a fundraiser box and tell 'em it's for the kids.\n\nTheir peanut butter patties are the only chocolate peanut butter treat that fill my intense longing for my favorite girl scout cookies, Tagalongs. I call it Tagalonging. Thank you, See's, for helping me with my lifelong struggle with addiction.
West siders rejoice! The newest Ranch Market opened up last week and it's every bit as big and beautiful as the location down at 16th and Roosevelt!\n\nJason W and I tried to tour this new mecca on opening day, but were daunted by the 3500 other people doing the same. After making an illegal U-turn, we headed over to my little known Super Mercado instead and filled our need for some Melon Agua Fresca. That was one crazy scene.\n\nThinking the crowds may have settled a bit, my sister and I headed over today for some old fashioned South of the Border shopping. The crowd is still unbelievable, but oh so worth it.\n\nEverything you have come to know and love about Ranch Market is now in my own backyard and I have a fridge of Carnitas, Tamales, Mexican Pastries and Cheese, and some simply beautiful produce to prove it!!\n\nIf you are in this part of town and you need to stock your shelves, this place has it. If you are driving down Indian School and are hungry for some of the best Sonoran Mexican food in the city, this place will make your head spin! If you are having a down day and want to samba your way down some aisles, one of amazingly friendly staffers will be more than happy to oblige!\n\nSimply put... I am one satisfied gringo girl because grocery shopping just does not get better than this!!!
Uh, Oh, Oh, Woke up today, feeling the way I always do.. Uh, Oh, Oh.. \n\nLast night was the first time I've been to the Orpheum (Hairspray, 5 stars!).. what a fantastic theatre! Classic architecture.. very good sound quality and of course comfy seats. All ushers were extremely friendly and helpful unlike some theatre in Tempe were the snotty ASU students, well..\n\nThis theatre is SO Phoenix!  It fits right in with the current scene downtown..taking the old and making it new again! \n\nA class act (no pun intended, uhg)!
Im updating my score for JJ's because well, um, uh... Im bias as hell!\n\nWhen I first moved here to AZ, I spent a ton of time in this place and even moonlighted for awhile as the friday night karaoke host.  I made tons of friends here and the owners and staff always treated me like I was family.  The guys in the kitchen always would make special requests for me, and the girls would sometimes let me come behind the bar and bartend for kicks when I wasnt  hosting karoke.\n\nNow will they do this for you.... most likely absolutely not.  But the owner just updated and renovated the place and it is looking good and I guarantee it is still fun as hell.  \n\nI made quite a few friends and lovers in this place and it is legendary in my mind...
This bakery brought me back to my childhood with one wiff of their delicious pastries and cookies. The fresh cannoli was creamy and the shell melted in my mouth. There were so many delicious choices, but had an old favorite, sfogiatelle. My husband had the chai tea cupcake with lavender frosting. He said the flavors were amazing, one of the best cupcakes he's ever had! We've tried cupcakes from Whole Foods, but why pay $5 for a cupcake when you can get one that's even better for $2.50. They have fresh baked rolls and bread on the weekend. Can't wait for the holidays to try all my holiday favorites. The owner is generous and a sweet lady. Her love and passion shines through her offerings. Her smile could light a city block. Don't miss out on this gem. True Italian bakery, yum!
Finally wandered over to San Tan Brewery, tried the sampler!  yee-haw.  I'm going with SUNSPOT if you plan on drinking several.  It's smooth, has an easy finish, very vague citrus aftertaste.  If you only want one awesome end of night beer its the Gordo Stout - full bodied, nice head, roasted coffee bitter with hint of sweet finish. Mmmmm good!  \nGreat service, knowledgeable staff about beer & food.  The Chips Trio is good AS LONG AS you are sharing, pico de gallo LINGERS on late into the date!  Awesome Local hangout!
I amazes me about how people complain about a curb or the size of the place, this is about food dummies. \n\nAnd the food is good and the prices are cheap for what you get, which is a lot. \n\nThe breakfast burritos are more than enough to fill you up and the nachos will also fill you up in one sitting.\n\nGood food, nice people serving and cooking your food.\n\nI live in this place, do go and enjoy the food, forget the rest.
These guys have been my mechanics for as long as I've had my car!! Greg is an honest mechanic. He took me out to show me what's wrong so I could see the damage needing repair and explained what needed fixing now for safety reasons and what could wait until I had money and time, along with the time frame I had before those damages would cost me more.  He also quoted me and was able to find cheaper parts the next day so I paid 30$ less than the quote!!  I will definitely keep coming here for repairs that are major. Thanks Greg!
This is my go-to bar.  I'm not into the scene at places where there's a lot of loud, obnoxious frat boys.  Four Peaks isn't especially quiet, mind you.  They play pretty good music for the most part, and almost every time I've started to groan because of the song that just came on, someone who works there changes it.  The service is a little slow, usually, but I honestly don't care.  The food is amazing, and the beer...  oh, the beer.  I love the Sunbru for warmer days, and the Oatmeal Stout when its chillier out.  I always end up drinking a little more than I planned because they're so delicious, and that leads to me splurging on appetizers.  My favorite is the spinach artichoke dip.  \n\nAll of their beers are worth trying, since they brew them there you're not going to get them anywhere outside of AZ, as far as I'm aware.  If you don't know where to start, for $9 you can order the sampler, and get a tiny glass of each kind of beer they brew, then decide for yourself.  \n\nShort version: good food, good beer, one-of-a-kind establishment, go, now.
"""Center of Phoenix Proper!  Open 24 hrs!  Kinda makes you want to be sick just to go there and scoot through the Drive-Through!\n\nFor me, it is extremely user friendly due to several things: Terrific location, great parking, 24 hour pharmacy (that means open-round-the-clock-----lol), and for me personally, a decent selection of candy!!!  Yea! (My Achilles heel)...  \n\nThe business is kept clean, well lit, and their prices are moderate for most personal care items.  You won't wait long in the check-out area, and there's lots of stuff to look at so that they get the spending hook into you....Just stepping outside, your blood pressure drops five points because you no longer have the shaving creme, nail files, or magazines all screaming at you---saying \Did you forget something?!\""""\n\nOver-all, this CVS does what it is intended to do---they are available, clean, and centrally located to get your fix of meds and stuff!\n\nThe \""""Best-of-Health To Ya!\""""\n\nPS. They have a frequent buyers bonus program to help give you discounts for buying there over time..."""""""
Absolutely a must when in Scottsdale,Old town Scottsdale. A unique experience unparalleled by any other. We had the mission margarita, and a sample taste of the frozen mint lemonade margarita, fabulous! Hubby had the clam stew, which he said was fabulous. I had the pork shoulder tacos with pineapple ended cilantro, beautiful presentation and pleasing to the palette. Sam, our waiter, was top notch, made great recommendations and offered exceptional service. We went at 4:30 pm and were seated immediately and the afternoon menu still available.  Trusting Sam with the desert selection, it was fabulous!  Pumpkin bread pudding with pomegranate seeds and toasted pumpkin seeds with a rum sauce, Amazing!  This was one of the highlights of our trips
This place is amazing!  The best carne asada I have ever had!  I like the limited menu- they are good at carne asada and salsa and they should stick to it.  Keep it simple.  Restaurants over complicate things and everything suffers because of it.  Beer will be an awesome addition.  My burrito came out really quickly and the guy running food and bussing tables (Gavin?) was really sweet and helpful.  A little expensive but worth it-- I will be back for sure!
11 Stars out of 10\n\nGreat Food, Knowledgeable waiters, unbelievably helpful staff. \n\nA great place for special occasions. The bill will run you at least $40 a head, more around $60/head with alcohol but is absolutely worth it. The steaks are fantastic, the sides delicious, and the whole experience incredible.\n\nThe top floor has a retractable roof and a little pool which makes for a fun environment. \n\nYou will have no regrets here as long as you are aware it is a pricy steakhouse. But well worth it.
Okay I am not a sports fan at all and even though this restaurant caters to that crowd I still love it for one reason...their wings! This is by far my favorite place to get Buffalo wings, plus they have a bunch of different kinds to choose from! I have had a few other items on the menu like the Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich which was also very good, but nothing makes me happier than getting a dozen spicy honey mustard wings and some curly fries! Bonus points to the staff who are always friendly and efficient.
Having never been to an Ikea in my life, I was in shock. Don't ask why this was on the list while my family and I were on xmas vacay visiting our family who live in AZ, but you know if you have never been to one, this could actually take the place of a theme park.\n\nI think the closest Ikea to where I live is in Palo Alto, CA which is 2 or more hours away, thats prob the reason I have never been. But aside from that, I will try because the one here in AZ was like crazy! In a good way. \n\nThe whole experience for me seemed so Sci-fi. Don't ask me why, from the minute we were greeted and given a map and bags and then went up the escalator, it just gave me a futuresque feel. \n\nWe went to the cafeteria first, which I will review in another post ...but what was that about?? Weird. Maybe it's the decor or the cafeteria thing, I dunno. It was good. But weird. lol.\n\nOkay now shopping!! You could get lost here for DAYS. I found so many cheap things to buy of course everything manufactured in china with a swedish appeal. \n\nEverything here had such a resourceful/economical/efficient process. They sell you re-usable bags, you have to check out yourself (ALL self-checkout except 1) and you clean after yourself in the cafeteria...(yes i know thats standard) No one works there, well at least thats what it seemed and therefore you got yourself a business that makes millions a year. \n\nMy mom was disapointed tho, she grew up in Sweden and so did her sister (my aunt) who we came to visit and she made it seem to my mom like it was a big imported Swedish goods shop. Sadly  no..but she took the opportunity and grabbed a bunch of swedish groceries happily as she kept exclaiming it reminds her of her childhood. Anyhoo. this place was fun and better if your broke..hey!
I followed the Yelp reviews and....Best frozen yogurt in the area hands down! Yogurtology made a fan out of me on may first visit. \n\nThe basics: their toppings bar is always well stocked, clean, and diverse. Wanna make it healthy? Go with fresh fruit. Wanna do a full on dessert? Add brownies or an oatmeal cream pie cookie as your base, then top it off with more candy and sauces.\n\nThe options are endless....\n\nThe flavors? Awesome! Seriously, the golden cupcake batter and oat meal cookie flavors make you forget this is low fat frozen yogurt! And the classic tart is on par with Pinkberry, and in my opinion better than Menchie's et al.\n\nWhat else? Well, the strawberry and chocolate shake flavors are so good, too. And one of my other favorites is easily the NY Cheesecake with a light dusting of graham cracker dust. It's all good! \n\nThe staff is great and will offer to let you sample. Some of the flavors rotate so try new ones! \n\nThey have the ingredients right there so you can see exactly what's in each flavor, and the caloric count is also up front. You can have a nice treat and still not wreck your diet if you pay attention.\n\nTip: join the free loyalty program for a few bucks off here and there.
I'm Jessica's fiancee. But still, our experience last night compelled me to write this review.\n\nAnywho, I'm relatively new to Arizona, just moved here about 2 months ago. The food here, especially the pizza, is of a much higher quality than what I'm used to from most places back in Columbus, Ohio. That being said, I have run into a disaster of a pizza place already (Jamie's Pizza and Pitas.) So, we immediately set out the next night to make amends.\n\nThe interior of the shop has a very laid back vibe, mostly clean; but still some icky tables here and there. \n\nShe ordered a white pizza, I ordered a plain cheese, 6 medium wings, and 2 draft beers (don't worry, one was for Jess!)\n\nOur first sign that we could tell this place was going to be a hit was when the cashier forgot to ring up 2 beers on the order, so she gave us one of our pints for free; even upgraded it to a Devil's Ale instead of a Coors. I went to San Tan Brewery within my first week here, so I was extremely happy this was on tap somewhere else.\n\nOnto the Food: The wings were extremely fresh, although they were on the dry side. Decent flavor to the sauce for only ordering Medium, but it's something I wouldn't get in the future. \n\nThe pizza's were great, although i think the crust could've used a minute less in the oven. Still, there was a nice, fresh chew to it; very hearth-y. The cheese was the star of the show, especially on the white pizza. Melted to perfection, and extremely generous on both pies. The sauce, however, seemed to be the only flaw. That paste-like texture is never really a good thing, although, it was nowhere near the worst sauce a pizza has seen. The white pizza had a nice garlic infusion, but wasn't overpowering in the least. The first white pizza I've had that I can truly say I've liked.\n\nTL;DR: 5 stars for the excellent customer service, comped craft beer, and extremely cheesy pizzas. This place has become my go-to joint, along with Venezia's.
I could have sworn a wrote a review for La Grande Orange considering how long I've been going here but I guess not. So now it's time to throw in my five stars for one of my favorite places in P-town.\n\nLa Grande Orange is know for their pizza and for good reason - it's delicious. The boyfriend and I went there for dinner on Monday night, which is a great night to go if you don't want to wait. We ordered our usual - a caesar salad and the gladiator pizza - sausage and pepperoni.\n\nOur waitress was nice enough to split the salad on two plates for us. We both love this salad. It has a rich and tangy dressing, huge croutons and lots of shaved slices of fresh parmesan cheese. The cheese really makes this salad IMO. And the portion is perfect for two people. Kinda like the pizza. It's just the right size to share. If you have 3 or 4 people in your group definitely get more than one. The crust is thin and crispy, they use just the right amount of sauce and it's not overly greasy. \n\nThe atmosphere is cool but comfy and the service is always great. Parking can be a challenge but they do offer valet if you can't find a spot. And of course be sure to stop by the grocery afterwards - good stuff!
WOW! Finally a restaurant in the desert that has me head over heels. Location, service, freshness, menu, view, large but intimate dinning room, i can go on! It was Valentines day, our 10th year anniversary-last minute date with this being our 20th choice. They were wide open, no reservations needed. Not only are they located in the Heart and Soul of downtown. It is so close to the new convention center, that several times during the meal I had the urge to reach out and grab the building to pull us closer; as I chose the table closest to the edge on the patio near the convention center and sat right in the center of the table looking out. The view was so breathtaking, I almost forgot we ordered the best appetizer ever! The Classic Sampler included  \nRoasted garlic prawns over tasty mashed potatoes, teriyaki tenderloin over rice, hot red King crab and artichoke dip served with the tastiest bread sticks. Everything was superb! This could have easily been a meal in itself. We shared a salad at the suggestion of the waiter-expecting a portion that could be shared, but received the smallest-most delicious salad. It was served chopped style (yup this is the real deal when it comes to Chop houses) with a delicious ranch dressing. Next time we will each order our own because i wanted MORE! I didn't mind as it made more room for the bottle of wine (half off on Saturdays for bottles of wine and Champagne-LUCKY us!). I ordered the Grilled North Atlantic Maine Lobster Tails which were served with grilled asparagus, melted butter for dipping and fresh lemon. Brian ordered the Bone in Rib Eye 20 oz. which is Creekstone Farms' premium Black Angus beef, corn fed and aged 28 days for flavor and tenderness. All steaks are grilled and seasoned with custom rub, then topped with steakhouse butter. Served with crispy buttermilk onion strings and red jacket mashed potatoes. It was so delicious I had to copy and paste the menu as this is one restaurant that is sure to be tried even just once. If your a Phoenician or a lover of Phoenix as I, then you can finally be proud to know that downtown Phoenix is the home to one of the Best Chop houses in all of my 16 country travels!!!!
"""OK This cafe surprised me. I rarely give 5 stars but I had to. \nThey say it on the sign \great fried chicken and pork chops\"""" and they are right. I loved it. \nI was never a fan of collard greens until today. These were not the best collard green I have ever ate but the best side dish I have ever eaten. I can't stop thinking about them. The deserts were to die for. I had 3. Yes 3 deserts. Bread pudding, peach cobbler, and banna pudding. All awesome. The fried chicken was one of the best and I have had many trips looking for the best fried chicken and to think I found this one by surprise. I like the way they serve you. It's called the golden rule because you tell the cashier what you ate and he pulls out some price from his head. Funny but it was fair. I did not care for the BBQ though. Sauce was great but the meat was not up to my standards. Braised not smoked. I think it should only be smoked with a dry rub. They do take credit but a charge is added."""""""
We've been here twice - once before Groupon hit and once with a Groupon. Both times the food was excellent-  we'd been to lunch. I am a sucker for their bean fritters and the lemony garlicky dip it comes with. Very good vegetarian entree - cho cho flavored with carribean curry. The husband devoured his tres leche and my flan. He seemed to enjoy his house sangria as well. \n\nWish we lived closer - it's not an easy hike for some lazy people in chandler.
We were in Phoenix for a 3 day weekend to see Dodger baseball in the Cactus League, and Saturday night dinner was at St Francis.\n\nWe met up with Chef Aaron Chamberlein, and let him know we were here. Taking a quick tour of the restaurant which we saw last time in Phoenix last year during construction. Aaron's brother, David, is the general manger and he joined us for dinner.\n\nWe had all the appetizers, and I really liked them all. Go ahead and order the Romaine Salad as well as the Risotto for starters. Don't forget the Baked Goat Cheese the next time you come here to eat.\n\nI ordered the Roasted Chicken with mashed potatoes and enjoyed it a lot. With our group, the Seafood Cioppino was a real hit.\n\nWe were sitting for dinner in the new patio, and the fireplace was lit. Nice! The chill from the Spring evening was taken away with the fireplace. But a cloud burst happened, and we had to be moved inside to finish dinner up. We sat the in glass room in the front near the front door.\n\nMany enjoyed having cocktails by the fireplace.\n\nWith the opening up of the patio, many more tables are now available. This should reduce the waiting time some writers referred to.\n\n\nGood experience. Smaller menu, but all 1st Class dishes.
"""Nom nom nom.  This place is such a wonderful nearby treat! We used to go to another nameless big froyo chain and decided to try this place out right after it opened. We haven't been back to said nameless chain froyo joint! We LOVE Yo Love! When it first opened it was just getting their name out there and the manager talked to us each time we came in to get opinions, etc.  Since then, the place has become extremely popular! There are usually at least 10 flavors to choose from, some are mainstays (double chocolate, double vanilla/etc) and there are often new flavors to try.  My boyfriend and I happen to be addicted to the double chocolate with him adding Butterfingers in his and me experimenting with different toppings here and there. Just tonight we went and sampled the cookies & cream- NOM. We both got that and it was amazing.  We like to come once a week, but have visited twice in a week before. If you want yummy high quality frozen yogurt with all sorts of fun and delicious toppings available, try Yo Love. You can even leave your own special \mark\"""" on their board.  :)"""""""
"""We went there last night upon recommendation from the manager at our hotel, and were not disappointed.  We did have a reservation for 7:00, but since it was a Thursday night, there would probably have been no problem just walking in at that time.  We ate inside (loved the decor!), but would have been equally comfortable (temperature-wise) eating outside as it was a temperate evening and they did have heaters if it got cold.\n\nThe restaurant is a little hard to find, but they do a good job with sandwich boards on the sidewalk pointing you to the restaurant, and it's totally worth the search.  If you have a GPS, that'll help, otherwise look for the signs and park in the lot to the left of the restaurant and the little cluster of businesses it's in.\n\nI had the Tilapia Incrustado with sides of the cheddar mashed potatoes and jalapeno creamed corn, and he had the Ropa Vieja with sides of Arroz con Gandule and black beans.  Both were very well done with good flavors in all items.  He really liked the sangria, and had a basic mojito with 10K added during dessert.  The Banana Buritto for dessert was delicious.  We were happily full from the meal.  Yum!\n\nService was a tick slow, but there were only the two guys working the tables.  They never forgot anything we asked for, tho', even if they had multiple tables' of things to remember.  Entree prices are moderate, altho' adding drinks and desserts puts it in the \spendy\"""" category.\n\nWe were extremely pleased to get the Yelp 20% discount ($14.95 for us) just by asking for it.   We're not local to Phoenix, but would definitely come back on future visits to the city."""""""
Crossfit is a fantastic way to work out and it is hard to find anything that can provide such high yield workout in such short time, at that level of fun! And Crossfit 480 is a very unique place to work out - relaxed and welcoming atmosphere, superb equipment, good location. But more than anything else, the key value of Crossfit 480 is the level and quality of instruction one gets. And this is essential - i had no experience in weight lifting and the introductory sessions as well as ongoing input during every single workout is something that I have not seen anywhere else. The class size is also limited, which ensures high quality instruction and access to equipment. If you live in the area and have not tried Crossfit, check out this place - it is addictive.
I have been training with Jason for two years now. I have only the highest compliments for his personal training abilities and his studio. The gym is located in a home in an upscale Scottsdale neighborhood. I love the gym because it has all of the equipment you would ever need in a one-on-one, quiet and relaxed environment. Jason is extremely friendly and takes the time to individualize a training program that matches one's specific goals. I have seen tremendous gains as a result of Jason's consistent and dedicated training regimen. I cannot emphasize enough what a positive, likable and knowledgeable guy he is. Also, his personal training fee is a fraction of what I have paid for through the years at other gyms. I would highly recommend Jason as a personal trainer to anyone who wants results and personalized attention in a quiet, relaxed and professional environment.
"""Had a clogged drain in guest bathroom which was causing water to backup in the sink when i turned the water on in my bathroom. I tried fixing it myself for a few hours even went out and got a drain snake. To no extent and a huge mess i could not fix it myself. Decided to give up and call a plumber. i google \plumber 85028\"""" and came up with Belsito plumbing along with plenty of great reviews. Contacted main number and scheduled a guy out next day. The plumber took a look at the issue and said he'd fix it no problem. I was quoted 110 and one hour later the job was completed with very little mess left behind after his cleanup and I was a happy customer.\n\nWould definitely recommend to anyone especially since im a big fan of family owned businesses."""""""
Awesome dining experience in Chandler. Would love to come back again! \n\nTheir interesting menu has immediately impressed me. It's rare for a restaurant to manage the entire menu in an exotic way. We tried the mussel, lobster tail salad and salad of the day as appetizer. All taste great! To get extra bread to dip in the yummy mussel soup is sth you don't want to miss!\n\nAs I said, they got rare stuff. I love wild meat, so I tried antelope. We also ordered hanger steak as the night's special. Both our main courses are cooked rare. Very nicely done! \n\nTheir creme brulee is probably one of the best creme brulee I've ever tried. Very smooth, love the texture. \n\nTo view the beautiful wine cellar through a glass wall from the ceiling and read their great wine collection on an iPad adds a classic touch to the overall decency.
I heart House of Rice!!! I am so glad I finally walked into this place a couple weeks ago. I'd thought it was a restaurant for years. Let me break it down real quick. I lived in Louisiana many years ago and two blocks from my house was an asian grocer/restaurant. I loved going on there, I could find spices and herbs no other place carried and their food was delish. The minute I walked into House of Rice, it's like I stepped back in time and I was so excited!! They have so much cool stuff, not just for cooking either!! I found Tai Chi shoes, clothes, tea ceremony supplies, tons of little knick knacks, origami paper and best of all: ikebana supplies!! I am a florist by trade, so just that was the icing on the cake! The staff is super friendly, prices are great! Domo arigato gozaimasu, House of Rice!!
"""Forgot my cell phone at home... decided that I needed it and some good Chinese food for lunch!  I'm not sure why Robert M. only gave it 4 stars if its \the best thing he's eaten all month.\""""  The Express part is that they are setup like Kentucky Fried Panda (Panda Express), but they also have a long list of other stuff on their menu like any other Chinese restaurant.  \n\nThere are only 2 negative things that I have found:\n1.) The restaurant is setup more like a fast food or take out rather than a dine-in place so taking a date there probably isn't the best idea (other than take-out).\n2.) Pepsi products! :P"""""""
My husband set up a group event at Main Street Billiards as a social mixer for an organization he is involved in. Since we booked for a Tuesday night, a non-league night for them, management gave us a great deal on an entire section of the hall with table rental, balls, & cues all included in the price. \n\nThis is hands-down the nicest, cleanest pool hall I've ever been in. All of the equipment was in great shape and the entire facility seemed very well-maintained. There was a juke box with a good selection of tunes, and the music wasn't too loud so you could easily converse with your party.\n\nWhen we arrived we were greeted by the friendly management who showed us to our area and gave us everything we needed for our group. The entire staff was very accommodating and timely on our food & drink orders.\n\nFood was standard snack bar fare, but was very good. Pizza, wings, chicken strips, nachos, soft pretzels... The wings were meaty with a moderate amount of spice. Better than I had anticipated.\n\nThere was a full bar with a good selection of beer & other malt beverages bottled & on tap, and mixed drinks. Prices weren't bad in my opinion. \n\nIf you enjoy activities like bowling, I would definitely recommend Main Street Billiards as a great place to hang out & do something different with your friends or family (Yes, it is a family-friendly establishment).
Went here during restaurant week. We had a 3 course meal plus a side which was a lot of food. A great deal for $30. Tried the guacamole and a salad (the one with cranberries, pecans, cheese) for starters, both were excellent.\nI had mahi mahi tacos and wife had the carnitas tacos for the 2nd course. Both were amazing. \nWe had carne adobo (brisket) and a king prawn for the 3rd course. The carne adobo was incredible as was the king prawn.\nThe sides of sweet corn and charro beans  were just okay. Overall we left stuffed and very satisfied. Drinks were good, I had a blood orange margarita and wifey had the pomegranite mojito. Both good, but at $12 a little pricey for the volume. \nIt was slow tonight. Situated in the Saguaro hotel, it's a little hidden so I hope they make it. We will definitely return.
This week, we decided to venture up to Scottsdale for our sushi fix, and despite a name that would seem to belong at a large outdoor corporate shopping center, Sushi on Shea had a promising menu.  We walked in early in the evening, and the place was virtually empty.\n\nSitting at the bar, we started with the miso soup with clams.  This was actually superior to the same dish at Yasu; the soup was less briny, and the clams were a little more plump and flavorful.  I knew at that point that this would probably be a good meal.\n\nThe first items we ate were the live jumbo clam and the kai snapper sushi from the specials menu.  Let me tell you - the clam was one of the freshest, most delectable seafood items I've ever eaten.  The owner recommended we eat it straight, without soy sauce - its flavor is so delicate and so perfect that you don't need to soil it with something else.  The kai snapper was also tasty; it was seared, with a bit of skin to give it a strong, unique flavor that you don't normally get from nigiri.\n\nAfter the clam, we were served a half dozen oysters, which were topped with ponzu sauce (made in-house).  The oysters were good, but I felt like the sauce was a bit too overpowering.  I'd have cut the sauce in half.  Usually when I eat oysters, I only lightly drizzle them with mignonette, because I love the flavor of those scrumptious little bivalves.\n\nNext, we had the yellowtail collar off the specials menu (I forgot what it's called, but the owner explained that it is prepared with garlic and ginger, and that her restaurant is the only place you can get it prepared that way).  It was absolutely delicious.  I'm not normally a fan of cooked fish, but this was probably the best cooked fish I have ever tasted.  It was fall-off-the-bone tender, rich in flavor, and the Japanese eggplant soaking in the soup was just delicious (and I don't even like eggplant).\n\nWhile showing off her fresh uni (not as fresh as the just-killed-it-and-scooped-it-out uni I've had in California and Portland, but still fresh), she suggested trying it with squid and quail egg.  So we did, and it was delicious.  (As a side note, she did say that she gets live sea urchin from time to time; she had been expecting it to arrive with the live clam, but it didn't.  If you time it right, you might be able to get live sea urchin here.)\n\nAfter the uni, squid, and quail egg sushi, we had our main sushi and sashimi platter.  We went with king salmon sushi, aji sushi, and blue fin toro sashimi (all from the specials menu).  Yes, king salmon tastes different, and better, than your run-of-the-mill salmon.  And blue fin toro tastes different, and stronger, than normal tuna.\n\nAt this point, we decided we were not quite finished.  We ordered the tuna carpaccio and the yellowtail citrus roll (which was on the specials menu).  The carpaccio was my friend's favorite item; it is tuna topped with creamy horseradish mayo and wasabi and black tobaiko.  I'm not sure exactly what was in the yellowtail citrus roll, but it had yellowtail on the outside, and something cooked and flavored with a chipotle seasoning on the inside.  It was spicy with a hint of citrus.\n\nMy verdict on this place is that it is an extremely good sushi bar, with plenty of interesting cuts of fish that you don't see at the generic places outside of Scottsdale.  It is also not trendy sushi, and everything is nice and fresh.  Sushi On Shea has to be considered one of the best sushi bars in Phoenix; I'm not sure if I enjoyed the overall dining experience better than the excellent meal we had at Yasu, but this seems to be better place to get traditional sushi and less common fish.\n\nA final note: the owner said they do omakase meals.  I didn't inquire about the price, but I will most definitely be back eventually, just to see how they do with that.
Incredible Mexico City Mexican food (in, you guessed it, the steadily gentrifying barrio) - with absolutely no hint of regional Southwestern or Sonoran flavor, which typifies just about every other Mexican restaurant in town.  A neat non-descript building from the outside, but a wondrous surprise inside.   White tablecloths aside - it's the little touches that strike you:  \n\n* The Coca-Cola in old-school glass bottles ala Mexico. \n* The Virgin Mary/Guadalaupe tall pillar candles at each table.\n* Friendly, professional and candid servers.\n* The french bread and tapenade.\n* Your tableside made guacamole which is hands down the most innovative and tasty guac I've had in a while.  And I consider myself a guacamole junkie. \n\nI ordered the chicken enchiladas suiza, which were flavorful and tender covered in a terrific tomatillo crema.  Great choice, but next time I'm having what my friend ordered - the cochinita pibil.   It's slow roasted for 12 hours every day - and the pork just melts in your mouth.  They have a huge tequila list and a Mexican (who knew?) wine list that ain't bad either.\n\nUPDATE - 1/25/07\n\nThe Chiles en Nogada (the poblano pepper stuffed with chicken, garlic, pecans, apples, pomegranate and apricot) blew me away!!
This place is on our list of must stops during our annual Spring Training Trip. I wish I could have two different ratings, one for beer and the other for good. My rating is strictly on the beer. Beer is definitely a 5, food is about 3.5. We usually get a couple pizzas, and they are decent. If you are not into really good beer, then don't bother with this place. This is for beer snobs only. They have an off the chart beer selection.
Where other stores in the same category has closed, REi has remained open and I hope they stay open and survive every cycle cause I just love this place. I love coming here to browse their products. I love buying their products and I love how once I'm a member, their generous return policy. \nFunny enough. It's their generous return policy that has turned me into a loyal customer and someone who doesn't mind paying a higher price for a similar item I can buy elsewhere.
I love Hula's! One of my favorite places in downtown Phoenix. I go here often for happy hour and meals. For drinks, I prefer the classic Mai Tai but the Longboard beers on draft are good too and friends swear by the Tiki Bastard and Pink Martini. My favorite dishes are the Poke appetizer, pork tacos, Coco Joe's chicken, cajun burger, either steak (melt in your mouth!) or the rice bowls. The sweet potato fries and mac and cheese are awesome too. Pretty much everything I have eaten here is good and I have had many of the menu items. The service is excellent and friendly to boot and the atmosphere is hip but relaxed and not pretentious. The patio is fabulous when the weather is nice. I have even taken kids to this restaurant and it's been great. All around fabulous restaurant and bar!
Green is the sort of place I wish existed in Berkeley, CA. It doesn't make sense that Tempe has it so good. It doesn't make sense that there isn't a place filled with vegan comfort food in CA. But enough of my boo-hooing.\n\nWe stopped by for lunch and when we were done, I wished I was wearing my pants with the elastic waistband. The fries have that bumpy, crispy coating. (Bumpy + crispy = delicious.) The various sandwiches that I ingested were flavorful and filling (as 2 sandwiches often are).  The mock chicken parmesan was all I could have asked for: crispy and saucy, not too tough, and delightfully messy to eat. The Soynami was over the top heavenly: chocolate and peanut butter having a meeting in a cup and I was the chairman of the board.\n\nIt makes visiting Arizona fun! Well, it already is fun*, but you get my point.\n\n______________________\n*really hot
On a recommendation from my wife for a great place to have a meeting, I suggested to my new clients that we meet at Next Coffee Co. For a first visit I was surprised when the folks behind the barista immediately recognized me as a new customer and took the time to explain their services. As an avid tea-drinker I was pleasantly confronted with many options for both iced and hot tea.\n\nWith a full breakfast buffet and a solid selection of beverages you can't miss with Next. Make it your next stop in the west valley!
We attended Tony Bennett's concert on 6/6/10 at the Dodge Theatre and he raved about this museum - apparently when he travels he visits museums in that community.  \n\nSo we took Tony's suggestion and it was well worth the admission price.  They have you start on the 1st floor with a couple of exhibits and then go upstairs.  At the admission desk, you are given what looks like a walkman with headphones and these work only on the 2nd floor to listen to the all the music privately.  We noticed a number of people had their headphones on while on the 1st floor (I don't think they listened to the instructions properly).\n\nThe 2nd floor is where you'll find the permanent exhibits - lots to see and more to come.  You'll also learn a lot geographically about these countries.\n\nOn the 1st floor is the Artist's gallery where there are exhibits on loan from many famous musicians such as - Eric Clapton, John Lennon, Paul Simon, Louis Bellson, George Benson and the Jonas Bros. (not sure what is up with that-probably for the young ones).  And also, on the 1st floor is the Experience room - where you have the opportunity to try out several instruments - string, percussion (they also have a huge gong there).  That was great fun regardless of your age.\n\nA cafe is located on the lst floor also with an auditorium and museum shop.  We did not make use of the cafe or auditorium - museum shop is really nice and not too expensive.\n\nOverall, we spent over 3 hours there - well worth the admission price.  Enjoy!!!
"""I attend a lot of networking events, and frankly, the thought of going to one more \event\"""" on a work night, when I could be home snuggling in my pjs and drinking pina coladas did not thrill me.  But I thought, \""""Hey, I'll try it once, sounds interesting.\""""   \n\nAnd golly, was I glad I attended.  It was the most fun I have had since, well since I don't know when.  \n\nThe purpose of Ignite is that random people, (who have previously applied and been accepted by Ignite) get up and speak on random subjects for appropriately 5 minutes.    Seriously I thought it would be really boring.  You know;  a bunch of really bad speakers umming and ahing all over the stage, but it wasn't.  All of the speeches were insightful and interesting, even the ones that I didn't think I'd be interested in like solar power, or comic books.  \n\nThe audience was huge.  I was amazed that so many people showed up to an event that was only advertised through word of mouth.\n\nI also met some really interesting people there.  The most memorable was the man that sat on my right, Chris Halloran, photographer to stars and presidents.  From looking at him you wouldn't have known, but he was one of the few photographers allowed in to photograph President Obama when he came to Mesa.\n\nAnyway, I had so much fun, I applied to speak at Ignite 4.  Hope I get picked!"""""""
"""I began my love affair with Ethiopian food last year when I went to visit a friend in New York and he opened my eyes to the delights of this interesting, yet amazing food.\n\nI'm not sure if I can actually classify it a \love affair\"""" being that I have only been three times now, but it is what it feels like. With my recent gluten allergy, it has been terrible finding carbs and luckily the Injera bread is 100% gluten free (it is made with teff) so I can eat to my hearts desire!\n\nAnother really neat thing about Blue Nile is that they serve a small raw menu every day, and a full blown raw menu on Sunday and Monday. I don't know of anywhere else in the valley that does this, so definitely a great thing to see! I cannot wait to come back and try their raw creations. That is, if you can pull me away from the injera :-)\n\nNow, the one drawback that ALMOST turns this place from a 5 to a 4 is that they have the scariest parking lot I have ever seen. I made Dallas G. watch me walk back to the car, in broad daylight, just to ensure I was not accosted. Well, that, and I have a great ass ;-)\n\nOooo and they have this magical tea that has such a unique flavor. I absolutely love it!\n\nExtremely affordable, very tasty, great service... WINNER!!!!!"""""""
As of June 2011 this car wash is under new ownership and is owned by the power house local car wash team of Francis and Sons. Do not consider any reviews prior to this date.\n\nI'm a Realtor with Coldwell Banker and The Hill Group, also on Yelp, and I have individuals in my car all the time. Due to this fact it is important to me to have a clean car. Even though this location is right across the street from my office I had dismissed them when it was Arizona Auto Wash. Once they were purchased by Francis and Sons I decided to give them another chance. The fact that they were giving out free washes at the time may have had something to do with that. With the new ownership they also have all new employees and they do a fantastic job. They've also updated and repaired their facilities so your car actually gets cleaned. They offer great deals online and the order taker often times will negotiate on price. If you haven't been in a while or are new to the area give these guys a chance, I'm sure you wont be disappointed.
I was looking for a light healthy meal after cheating last night. I found Desert Roots on Yelp and decided to try something new. I ordered the plate which was 3 choices for $8.50. I got the chana masala, dolmades, and pasta salad. All dishes were very good and flavorful, along with being Vegan so I didn't have to worry about dietary issues. The portion size was very generous, a very good value for the money. They also offer samples that you can try, before deciding on what to order. I would definitely come back.
Total yum! This was a long time find for my Wife and I. When we lived in Oregon we LOVED Chang's Mongolian Grill and really missed a place with the same type of food. YC's has hit the spot finally! Great mix of ingredients and more than enough! I get a full on meal as I like to prepare and season it, Soup, Won Tons with red sauce and a frozen chocolate or vanilla frozen yogurt cone at the end. The only thing I wish they had are the little rice pancakes and plum sauce that Chang's had, otherwise it is a great place to eat and good for all family members young and old.
"""As far as a fast Burger and shake goes, this place is tops. The fries are thin and crispy but not overdone and their frozen custard is a dream. You'll know why the shake straws are half an inch thick right away, they work perfectly for the thickness of their custard shakes.\n\nThe prices aren't too high either, for the quality you get over your average fast-food place a buck or two goes a long way here.\n\nIf only they had more locations, I honestly just keep forgetting this place is around because every time I go I am immediately glad I did. \n\nTheir hot dogs are pretty \meh\"""" but it is a burger place afterall, so you should be having one of those."""""""
This review is for 06/11/2011. This review is dedicated to the awesome new bartender friend, Brooke. After a long day in Phoenix, I had to find some good spots in the area. I haven't touched alcohol in about a month. Why not start it in another state and still say that I haven't touch alcohol in CA. Let's head on over to the Biltmore Fashion Park and dine at the Black Chile Mexican Grill. \n\nThis place is a close resemblance to El Torito, but a little more classier. Black Chile Mexican Restaurant is at good spot and after reading the other reviews, its a NEW restaurant as well. I walked in and a friend's tip was to always head towards the bar. So, I did. When I got to the counter, there was no one there. I wasn't sure if the place serving anything at 11am. Then again, I don't know Arizona's law on serving alcohol.\n\nThe bar section is quite lovely. One side of the bar is in the interior and the other side is on the patio side. Plus, the water mist made it even seem you are at the beachfront when you are in downtown. Then a few minutes later, a female bartender named Brooke came on over and got me started with my order. I started with my drink of choice, Cranberry Vodka ($6.50). She also offered some complimentary fresh chips and salsa while I contemplated on what I was going to devour for my meal. While I was waiting, some kids were asking for some olives on a stick. Wow...you got some future martini drinkers in the future. Those kids would come back every 10 minutes for olive and/or a pick stick.\n\nAfter downing my Cranberry Vodka, I came to order the Chicken Chimichanga ($12.96) with hot, spicy sauce....Oh did I forget, I ordered another Cranberry Vodka. Since I did not have long stay in Phoenix, I asked my bartender friend on places to visit for the next 6-8 hours I have got left. Well, she did her job and gave all the great spots which were in the neighboring Scottsdale. Unfortunately, I never got to do them because of time-constraints. \n\nAbout 10 minutes after I ordered, my Chicken Chimichanga came in and I had already finished my second Cranberry Vodka. Blast it!! My body does want alcohol after a hiatus. So, I saw the Margarita Glass and asked for their house special on Margarita. Brooke gave me a taste sample on the frozen margarita and it was pretty good. So, I ordered their house Black Chile Margarita ($9). That drink was awesome and complimented my meal quite well.\n\nThe Chicken Chimichanga came with beans and rice with the hot green sauce on the plate. The dish was right out of the kitchen and it was pretty hot and quite spicy. Not too spicy, but enough to give me a tear. I forgot what the name of the bottle of hot sauce she gave me, but I think it was Cholula. I am a Tapatio guy, but it was good enough to add more heat. I finished my meal and the margarita was taking its toll on me....LITERALLY. Glad Brooke got my back and got some more fresh chips to balance me. \n\nWell, it was getting close to 12:30pm and I had to close my bill. I didn't have enough time in Phoenix to do enough. Brooke closed me out and my total was $36.15. Before I left, I had to use the restroom. The restroom is downstairs and there was a nice little lobby/waiting room down there. Almost thought I accidentally found a VIP area. \n\nBefore I left, being the bartender friend that she is, she watched out for me and gave me a glass of water without me even asking. **This sounds awfully familiar from another friend** She gave me the list of places to stop by, but time was one thing that was not on my side. Black Chile Mexican Restaurant was amazing and glad to have found it. I believe this is the last review for Phoenix and I hope to be back in the future. One day in Phoenix to get away from Los Angeles is not enough, but sure was worth it.\n\nThe Yelp Universe. Where are you traveling today?
Listen.  Making people laugh isn't easy.  These folks do it without regard for what is or is not politically correct.  Are you easily offended?  If so, you should move on and find something safer.  If not, you're in for a treat.  While the theater may be the smallest I've ever been to, it's cozy - and you can tell that the performers put a lot of work into making it as funny as possible.  For about the price of a movie, you can see a sketch comedy show that might just make you pee your pants.  Couple of tips: 1.bring something to drink, concessions are not offered & 2. if your rear gets sore easily, bring a stadium cushion as the chairs there just aren't comfy.
"""This was not the first time for us to dine at Cork and we all agreed that our dinners last Wednesday were some of the very best we have eaten. We knew the food would be very good, but we were surprised by the originality of the dishes as well as the taste of each.\nBecause we liked the looks of the Restaurant Week\ menu, we decided to try it out.\nI chose the tomato heirloom salad and was blown away by the Burrata Mozzarella that adorned the dish. It had the flavor of a mozzarella, but it was soft and had a velvety texture. The scallop dish that my son and husband ordered had large scallops that were cooked to perfection. I ordered the infamous short ribs that were served with risotto. They were fork tender and delicious paired with the risotto. My son ordered the black sea bass which proved to be his \""""favorite dish\"""", which says a lot. We all had the creme brulee. After we finished it, we all agreed that it was the best creme brulee that we had eaten. \nNow you can see why I titled this review Wow!."""""""
My wife and I always enjoyed the food at The Place at their previous, smaller location, so we were happy to hear they expanded into a larger restaurant.\n\nWe were also pleased that they were open for dinner most of the week, so we went in to have breakfast for dinner (they do have a dinner menu, but they serve breakfast all day, so, heck yeah.)\n\nLong story short, I got the steak and eggs breakfast a 12 oz steak, two eggs, hashbrowns, and pancakes. For twelve bucks. I likemy hashbrowns well done and unlike most places, the waitress listened and they were great.\n\nThe steak was outstanding, I believe it was a sirloin. A 12oz steak for $12 bucks?? You can't beat that, I don't care what it comes with.\n\nThe staff was great, the restaurant was clean, everything was top notch. I will definitely return.
I had read some reviews about this place, and between those and my prior love for pizza, I knew I had to give it a try.  Sadly, it took me way to long to get here.\n\nI actually took the GF & my parents there for a joint dinner.  They had never met before, and I was really banking the success of their meeting on Cibo's food and ambiance.  I can honestly say, mission accomplished!\n\nNot that the restaurant had anything to do with the weather, but we had an amazing table outside (the only way to go here), under a tree in what turned out to be a cool Saturday afternoon. That was only the beginning.\n\nOur appetizer plate was amazing, and definitely enough for four people to share.  This plate had enough variety, that even the pickiest of parents found something he/she enjoyed.  \n\nWe all order pizzas, because none of us really knew how big they'd be.  The crust, cheese and toppings were everything we could have wanted. Crisp, warm and delicious.  The pizzas are big enough for two, and I'd actually recommend sharing with someone else (unless you want leftovers) because dessert is the best here.\n\nYou won't find many places that serve Nutella, let alone in homemade crepes.  The crepe with Nutella and banana was unbelievable and is a destination dessert in itself.  I'll come back just for that.  We also split one limoncello drink, which was so strong.  The parental unit was flying high after just sipping that once!\n\nAll in all, this place is excellent.  It is totally tucked away in a cool neighborhood, and is a great place for a date or to feel like you are escaping the suburban sprawl in PHX.
If you've never been to the Luminarias or haven't been in a few years, THIS IS THE YEAR TO GO!   It's a 2 for 1 deal with the Chihuly exhibit.  The Garden is filled with his glass sculptures perfectly displayed among the natural elements of the Garden.  The lighting of sculptures is stunning.  And, of course, the luminarias are always beautiful.\n\nMeal tickets are available.  There are also cash bars with both alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages including hot cider and cocoa.  Wine tasting as well.  There are plenty of entertainers scattered throughout the Garden.  I always enjoy the Handbell Choirs especially.  Adult tickets are $20 members, $25 non-members.  Reduced prices for kids, but I don't really think the young ones would enjoy it.\n\nExpect it to be crowded this year.  We attended a members only night and it seemed to be oversold as parking was hard to come by.  However, if you venture away from the Chihuly exhibits, you can find a moment or two in solitude among the luminarias.  That alone is worth the ticket.
"""Let me first start by saying that I, like everyone else, don't really enjoy having work done on my teeth or mouth. \n\nWith that said - I was informed by my awesome dentist (Power Ranch Dental) that I needed to have my wisdom teeth surgically removed. Oh fun! Because that is exactly how I wanted to spend the end of April! \n\nWell let me tell you - it was GREAT. The entire staff at Sonoma Oral and Facial Surgery are great - especially the doctor and the dental assistant. I felt comfortable through out the entire consultation - even when the dental assistant joked \we haven't killed anyone... yet\"""" (for anesthesia you have to watch a consent video)\n\nWhen it came to the day of the \""""big pull\"""" everything went as planned. My molars were pretty empacted but the surgery was a resounding success. Absolutely everything I was told would happen, or I would feel, was 100% accurate. No surprises. \n\nMy follow-up appointments have also been great. I healed well and no longer have pressure pain in my mouth. \n\nI wasn't going to write a review initially. I loved everything but since most of my reviews are positive I thought I needed to chill a bit. What made me write this review is that I got my EOB in the mail from the insurance company and noticed that I had paid about $90 more the day of service than I was supposed to. I've dealt with this in the past and every time I have been told one reason or another why the extra I paid was really supposed to be charged. \n\nMuch to my surprise, and elation, when I called I was told \""""we noticed that yest yesterday when we got the paperwork from the insurance company and we have already processed your refund.\"""" How cool is that? I have NEVER been that lucky. Usually I have to fight with the doctor to get my money back. (My wife is a medical biller so I know the game)\n\nSo that's it. If you need these guys you will be in EXCELLENT hands - literally!"""""""
"""When my truck was having a hard time turning over (starting), my mom became concerned that I'd be stranded somewhere.  35+ weeks pregnant and the summer heat = not a good combination.  So when I was out visiting her on her side of town this past Saturday, she suggested we stop by Big O and have them test my battery, starter, and alternator.  \n\nI pulled up and she went inside and asked the guy at the counter if they could run the few tests.  They guy said it would be about 20 minutes and asked what was happening.  My mom then said, \Well its my daughter's vehicle...she's outside and she'll be able to tell you better than I can.\""""  \n\nThey walk out to the truck and the guy asks me what was going on.  I explained to him how it was not turning over like it should.  He told me to pull up to a bay door and someone would be out to have a look at it in a minute.  I guess him seeing I was extremely pregnant, he didnt want me waiting.  I pulled up to the bay door and a service guy walked out to the truck less than a minute later.\n\nWith 5 minutes, everything tested out fine.  The tech said that something was possibly draining power away from my battery (robbing it from the starter).  He made his suggestions to which I took them. I go inside and ask what I owed for the diagnostics.  They told me, \""""Just a smile and for you to have a nice afternoon.\""""\n\nAfter doing what the tech suggested, making sure the A/C is in the off position (as opposed to leaving it in the auto position), I haven't had any issues with starting my vehicle up.  It starts up lickity split. \n\nI tell you what, if I lived on that side on town, I'd make that Big O location my regular stop for any type of service needs.    :)"""""""
I give Pei Wei thumbs up because the dishes are good  for a chain. Because of my social circle, I've eaten here a lot in the past year. I feel that the dishes here are healthy and well presented. Pretty much everything can be made with  just tofu and vegetables. However be sure to ask since some dishes are not complete vegetarian, they are cooked in oysters sauce. I love the fact that they have Japanese, Chinese, Korean, Vietnamese and Thai food here, but where is Filipino? It would be great if they add Vegetarian Adobo or Pancit Noodles. Those can be made vegetarian or even vegan.\nI think the staff here is very nice, the food is reasonably priced  and the establishment is clean.   \nYou know another good thing about this particular location? You can pick up the free wi-fi from Starbucks next door.
"""Been more than a bit busy as of late and haven't done any reviewing. (Although I do admit I've been using Yelp (as always) for my viewing pleasure-- just haven't been giving anything back.) However... last night's takeout dinner from Joyful Chinese was so good, I had to take a moment to post a review. I must do everything I can to ensure that others frequent this establishment, so I will continue to have my much needed Chinese fix met. \n\nI admit it, I am addicted to Asian food. I love it all--sushi, dim sum, Thai, Vietnamese, etc., etc.-- but none more than just good old-fashioned Chinese takeout. I MUST have it once a week, or I begin to have serious withdrawal symptoms. \n\nWhen I lived further North in Scottsdale, we used to alternate between Flo's and Shanghai Club weekly. Flo's, while a bit out of the realm of usual Chinese, is always delicious and Shanghai Club was (IMO) the epitome of really good, traditional Chinese fare. However, these days, Flo's is too far to be convenient and alas, Harry finally succumbed to the pressures of the economy, and it seems as if Shanghai Club is no more. (I almost cried when I discovered they had closed-- I'd been eating there since it opened (as Royal China) in 1992.) \n\nSince the loss of my favorite place, hubby, son and myself have been searching (in vain until now) for a suitable replacement. We have tried--literally-- just about every Chinese restaurant within miles of our home. Most have been absolutely AWFUL, and a couple have been okay, but not worthy of a weekly repeat. \n\nFinally(!!) last night was a winner!! Joyful Chinese was voted by all three of us as delicious and near perfect on all dishes!! \n\nFirst off, we had the Hot and Sour soup. This is the dish by which we tend to judge all Chinese restaurants. (Flo's is a bit nontraditional with undertones of Cilantro but oh so good, and Shanghai Club's was perfect in every way!) Most of the places we have tried as of late can not make a good Hot and Sour if you paid them-- which we did!! The usual mistakes include too dark, too cloying, too peppery hot and not depth of flavor hot, too bland, and so on, and so on. When we picked up our box of food last night, Jacob almost yipped with glee when he saw the color of the H&S through it's container; it looked perfect!! And the flavor lived up to its color. The soup was hot (but not peppery); it was sour. The taste was full-bodied but not at all cloying, and it was filled with the correct amount of egg, tofu, shrimp and other goodies. All in all it was delicious!! \n\nIn addition to the soup, we had pot-stickers, Black Pepper Beef, Yui-Shan Pork and Curry Chicken (minus the potatoes-- I don't really like them and besides, who needs the added carbs!). Everything was wonderful!! The pot-stickers were as good as Angela N. described in her review back in April-- \wonderful and crispy on one side and lovely and soft on the other and the dumpling sauce was amazing and just spicy enough.\"""" The main dishes were all delicious and (as they should be) each unique in its flavor. (Sooo many of the places we have tried recently seem to make every dish taste almost exactly the same--yuck!) The beef was tender and flavorful with the perfect amount of pepper and spice. It had an excellent balance of green peppers, onions and mushrooms but still more beef than anything. The pork was perfectly spicy and pungent and it had all the appropriate julienned veggies (carrots, celery, etc.) that help make Yui-Shan one of my favorite dishes. Finally, the curry chicken was full of flavor, spicy but not killer hot and just the right amount of coconut milk to make the sauce thick and rich but not goopy or cloying. \n\nI can honestly say that I liked all three of these main dishes equally. And when I asked the hubby which one(s) he'd like to take, as leftovers, for lunch today, he stated that they were all so great I could choose my pick first. That's high praise from him!! (For the record, I gave him the beef, I took the curry and I saved the leftover Yui Shan to eat cold (yum!) for breakfast one morning. I know it sounds weird, but try it; it's delish!!) \n\nWellll... this review got a bit long. But I needed you to understand just how important it is that you try Joyful Chinese (and send everyone else you know there too). They've been open for 4 years, according to the very nice lady who took our order, and only 4 people have reviewed them. Trust me; go there, and then write a review. We need to keep great-tasting, traditional Chinese places like this around. There are far too many mediocre ones taking over!! \n\np.s. As a side note-- if my memory serves me, this is the location that years ago used to be Eddie Chan's when he and Flo were still married. So the place has been there forever (even though the center is mostly dead), and it still looks like I remember it from when I was a kid, and my parents used to take us here weekly. Now you know where my addiction started."""""""
This is my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I wish I lived closer to it so I could go more often. And I wish the sangria wasn't so good and so strong so that I could actually come here and be able to drive myself home. All of the food is amazing. I've never had anything that wasn't and I've been here countless times. One of my favorites is the Very Berry Turkey sandwich. It is so good. And the portions are huge so I always have half to eat the next day. The red Sangria is also amazing, and again the serving size is incredibly generous. Prices are reasonable, atmosphere is great, service is always wonderful and the food is awesome! I you haven't tried this place you are missing out and I feel sorry for you.
What a night! So I decided to treat myself to some lovely mudbugs aka crawfish during the annual crawfish boil that happens every March to April here at Pappadeaux's. I got in just in time to get a seat at the bar and get situated. The fantabulous Susan, Sarah and Colin took GREAT care of me all night. From Susan nudging me to get the bigger glass of beer (good call and it was an easy nudge) to all three of them checking in on me as I was devouring the 2.5 lbs of crawfish I had ordered. #teamgreedy in full effect!\n\nSo between the fabulous bar staff and me meeting some new bar patrons, it was a great night. I chatted it up with about everyone and we even had some skinamax stuff going on at the end of the bar. Funny indeed. Oh and to top off my night, my entire dinner tab was paid for by the nice gentleman I had chatted it up with most of the evening. How very sweet and overly generous was that? ( No,no love connection or anything just a kind gesture with NO expectations!) Wow, talking about being blessed. \n\nI only have about two more weeks before the crawfish boil ends. So needless to say I will be back again the next two Thursdays to get my fix.
Just finished dinner and the food was excellent.  Three of us had the fish and shrimp combo.  2 pieces of lightly beer battered fish and six beer battered shrimp. The batter was thin and tasty, the fish white and flaky. One of us had the strip steak with whiskey peppercorn sauce. Very nice sized steak, cooked perfectly, and full of flavor. The menu selection was very good and to say the least our meals were great!  We moved here from Wisconsin 12 years ago, and this is for sure the best beer batttered fish we have had since leaving Wisconsin. Great Food, Great Service!! We will be back!!!!
These guys are honest!!!! The sad thing is that it amazed me when I took my truck in to get re-aligned and they came back and told me I didn't need it.  They also keep you informed and show you all of the information that comes back on your vehicle. I, like many people, have been screwed by places before, and these guys are amazing! I will for sure be using them in the future, and I will be telling everyone about them. :)
Loved this place with its mod yet minimalist decor.  My friend wanted a spicy roll with scallop but didn't see it on the list.  When we asked the waitress, she had it made for us.  \n\nWe also ordered spicy salmon & tuna rolls, salmon and yellow tail sushi and a large bowl of seafood soup with soba noodles.  The fish was great & the rolls were also fabulous but I wasn't a big fan of the soup.  The noodles were over cooked and too thick but the broth was flavorful and light.\n\nThe fish was about $3-5 for 2 pieces and rolls were on average $4-5.  All entrees seemed moderately priced.
Definitely one of my favorite places. They have the best Chai I have ever tasted. Their Chai is nice and creamy and delicious hot or iced. Much better than Starbucks! C4 has a cozy environment with places to dine or comfy couches to lounge on. The patio is a favorite for locals to sit and chat. Food- I have only tried their breakfast. It is tasty and served with a smile. Their pastries are top notch and the burrito is to die for! I drive out of my way 20 minutes to get there and it's worth it!!
I gave 2 stars to the Lincoln/Scotts Rd store, it stressed me out so much.  This NoSco store is such a great experience, though.  Easy parking.  Well organized store.  Racks have a good balance of selection and ability to easily look through them.  Even though it doesn't have as large an inventory as the Lincoln store (or maybe because of it?), I've actually been able to find several great pieces.  Thanks for leaving the insanity at the other store, MSC!
I legitimately have not had such amazing waffles before. They are not super huge, thick and cake-y like some places that make waffles, which I like. The such a have a great cinnamon/vanilla flavor. The fried chicken has a great flavor. Have had lived in Louisiana for a while, I've missed some really great flavored fried chicken and Lolo's is amazing. The side of corn bread I got was really sweet and a huge portion for only $1 extra. The wait staff on the other had was sub par. It almost seemed like they were short handed. We didn't really have a consistent waitress/waiter which was annoying, just random people coming by bringing us stuff and refilling out drinks. All in all it was great food and worth the drive from Mesa.
I did not expect such a great find in a such a nondescript location. I went there looking for a very odd beer. Not only did they have it, they had tons of it. The guy behind the counter was helpful as soon as I walked in, and showed me exactly what I needed.\n\nThey know what they sell very well, and can give excellent recommendations on whatever you might be looking for. It was great to talk shop with someone who obviously knew his stuff.
"""RnR Fingers is the real deal. \nI saw a couple of reviews comparing it to Raising Canes and I just want to say that recently The Phoenix New times put the two establishments head to head in an all out chicken finger battle to the death, and RnR Fingers emerged victorious. \n\nI'm not from Tempe. I don't live in Tempe. Heck, I'm not even really a big fan of Tempe. But my boyfriend used to live in Tempe and we were in the area and he asked me, \have you ever tried Rock N Roll Fingers\""""? I was intrigued. I love chicken fingers. I love almost anything that comes with sauce for dippin'. We were starving so he suggested we go in for lunch. \nWe were greeted warmly by a guy who I now know as the owner. The owner was friendly and he and my boyfriend cracked a couple of jokes. Their little chalkboard special was a free chicken finger added to your meal for bringing in a friend or new customer. I had no idea what their portions were like, and since I was so hungry I opted for the extra meat. You get 1 free sauce with your meal, so I got the bbq and paid 50 cents extra for a cup of the house special sauce.  \nWe sat down at one of the tables, and played a game of connect 4. \nThen our plates came out. Holy Moly! The plate was HUGE! The chicken fingers were plump and juicy and the batter that they use was crunchy and delicious. I really loved their special sauce.  Hungry as I was I couldn't even finish the whole thing. I ended up taking 2 fingers and most of my fries home with me. I left feeling happy and full. The owner wished us a good day and thanked us for coming in. I have been back to RnR fingers many times since then and it was all because our first experience was so good. Each time I have been back the service and food quality was just as good as I remember it being on my first visit. Consistency is a thing I think a lot of restaurants have a problem maintaining, and because of it they lose customers. Rock N Roll fingers keeps it real, each and every time.\n\n\nLook dudes, I have been to Raising Canes. It's good. I'm not going to sit here and pretend I don't like it just because I'm writing a glowing review for RnR Fingers. But If you want to compare RnR fingers to it's main chicken finger competitor, here's where Raising Canes misses their mark:\n\n1. Sauces- You have ONE option for dipping sauces? Seriously? Oh, I'm sorry... you also have ketchup. Cool. NOT! Raising Canes gives you the option of special sauce, special sauce, special sauce, or ketchup. RnR Fingers has at least 6 different sauces you can choose from. \n2. Service- RC is a revolving door of young kids who don't care about their jobs. At RnR fingers, he is passionate about his business and is genuinely grateful for your patronage.\n3. Consistency- Each experience I've had at RC has differed from the previous. Either my food didn't taste the same, the portions were different, or the service was lackluster. At RnR fingers I have had the same quality food and service each and every visit. I know what I'm getting when I walk in there, and I like that. \n\nMy only criticism (if I'm going to compare the two) of RnR fingers is that RC has better garlic bread. Not the garlic sauce itself, just the bread. It tastes more like fresh baked bread than the texas toast you get at RnR. But I don't go there for the bread, I go there for the chicken. And the Chicken is delicious."""""""
My hubby & I aren't the biggest BBQ fans but Bobby Q is definitely a fav of ours! I have been here a few times for lunch with my dad & the engineering company I used to work for would always order it in for lunch meetings. Last night I wasn't in the mood to cook dinner so I called in a to go order & used my $50 gc I got for my bday, thx bro!\n\nI ordered the following for the Mr. & I: q-rolls (app), smokehouse burger (no bbq sauce-add mustard) with shoestring fries, half rack of back baby ribs with mac & cheese & potato salad & for dessert their homemade mud pie. Oh & it also came with 4 pieces of cornbread & I bought a bottle of their BBQ sauce. \n\nThe q-rolls were so freakin good, the chipotle dip that comes with is delish! My hubs said his burger was just ok but loved the fries. My ribs were fall off the bone tender & the mac & cheese was yummy. I didn't have room for the potato salad, but I've had it before & it's always good. I have to say their cornbread is so amazing, possibly the best I've ever had! The mud pie was just ok, the cookie crust had a weird taste & they used vanilla & chocolate ice cream, I prefer it with mocha. My hubby however, thought it was very good. \n\nWe'll definitely be back whenever we have a craving for some delicious BBQ!
"""I scream, you scream, we all scream for. . . Soynamis! So it doesn't quiet have the same ring as \ice cream\"""" but it's still delicious! And you don't feel as weighed down/guilty after finishing a Soynami as you do when you polish of a DQ Blizzard.\n\nThe first time I went I had the Almond Oy Vey!, which was good, but not amazing.   Then a friend recommended the Coffee Coco Loco with the addition of Peanut Butter, and it's so good that I can't bring myself to try anything else. If you remotely like coffee and/or PB you will love it! I've never tried any of the baked goods, but I did bring home a chocolate cupcake for my boyfriend one night. He said it was really good (evidenced by the fact that I wasn't offered a bite), but the icing was overly sweet. \n\nI shouldn't have written this review... now I'm really craving some Nami!"""""""
Quick, efficient and responsive! Almost like a Lamborghini! When my accountant passed away suddenly at the end of the year, I was desperate to find someone to complete my fiscal year bookkeeping so I could prepare my tax returns. AccountingProse staff were super easy to work with and gave me multiple options to transfer and receive financial information. They finished my bookkeeping faster than quoted, having all of my information documents returned to me with monthly balance sheets and income statements in about ten days! I asked my CPA to review the bookkeeping that AccountingProse had completed for me and he was very impressed with the outcome. Other bookkeeping services are a bit cheaper, but I am more than willing to foot the extra expense for AccountingProse tried and true service, reliability and integrity!
I recently hosted a private party here for 65 people.  I would highly recommend this venue if you need a space for a large group.  I was very impressed with the service, the staff and the food.  They did an amazing job making sure we were very well taken care of the whole evening.  They offered a menu of many items that would please even the pickiest of eaters.  The meatball sliders were to die for as well as the tiramisu...yummy!   Thanks everyone at Bar North for a splendid evening!!!
When a friend asked me to meet her at The Spotted Donkey, I had no idea what to expect.  It had just recently opened, and the name (although intriguing) didn't necessarily solicit mouthwatering images.  However, I was fantastically surprised to find that this place is one of the newer hidden gems in Scottsdale!  The ambiance and decor are fun and interesting, there's lots of seating, and their patio area is awesome!  Hidden in a shopping strip mall, you'd never guess from the outside that an oasis of fabulous food and drink awaited you right behind those dark paned doors.\n\nI sampled several of their specialty margaritas and other concoctions, and all were delicious, but my all time favorite was the Blood Orange Margarita.  The food was also great (tried the calamari, guacamole, quesadilla, and queso dip), and the staff was friendly and helpful.\n\nMy favorite part about this place is their devotion to happy hour (almost as great as mine).  They offer hh every day of the week, and on the weekends, it is offered from opening (at 11am) until 6pm.  It's the perfect place to spend an afternoon!  I will definitely be going there again soon!
"""This adorable home decor store just happens to be right in my neighborhood!\n\nI stumbled across a deal for this store off at PlumDistrict.com. The deal was for $20 for $40 of home decor from Rod Works. I happened to have a coupon for Plum District for an extra 25% off any deal, taking this deal to a steal at $15 for $40!!\n\nAnyways, being the shopper that I am, I was off to spend my deal certificate the next afternoon. Upon my arrival I was greeted with a cornucopia of decor ideas, creative displays & unique pieces. \n\nI walked through the store and was almost overwhelmed with the selection. There were 3 ladies working at the store at the time and they seemed to be doing some pretty good business. \n\nThe ladies working were friendly, helpful and even helped by offering some suggestions for what I was looking for. I found everything to be moderately priced and well put together, noting seemed cheaply made and they had a nice selection of rod iron items. The prices on items are more then that of what you would expect to pay at Marshalls or Ross but less then you would expect to pay at Pier One or Pottery Barn. \n\nHere is what I purchased:\n\n18\x36\"""" Cool metal multi-colored wall art - $36.95 + 50% off\nburnt coral & bronze candle pillars - $10.95 (med) & 14.95 (large)\nmult-bead string accents - $6.95\n12'x18\"""" painted wooden wall hanging - $24.95\n\nOverall, I enjoyed my shopping experience here and look forward to shopping here again in the future!"""""""
I could care less about buying shoes, purses, or getting my nails done so I don't feel bad about indulging in my favorite treat, professional massages.  Membership here is cheaper than the prices I paid in California and even cheaper if you have a family member who is also a member. I am currently paying 39$ a month for hour long massage and the tipping recommendation is also cheaper than back in ca. Such a steal!\n\nThe interior is good, they offer water and the music is the typical weird songs but what really stood out was my masseuse. I was initially disappointed when we shook hands since Jessica and her hands were so tiny but Jessica gives a great deep tissue massage.... highly recommend her for her good technique and strong pressure. I made the mistake of taking whoever was free for my 2cd apt and the guy was just not as good. I have since been back a few times and always requested Jessica and I leave happy every time ( my mom had Barbara and said it was one of the best deep tissues she has had)\n\nI recently paid 75 dollars for 25 minute massage in california at a resort and both of us agreed that Message Envy was much better!
"""Remember that place \where everyone knows your name?\"""" This is it. You can show up alone, with your love or with friends and if you are open to fun and new friends, you will find them here. The owners make sure that there is always a great roster of musicians. If you haven't heard Notes from Neptune, Kyle Phelan, Javier Garcia, Stephanie or Steve Krum, come on down. Sit on the patio, enjoy the beautiful fountain and sip  great glass of wine. Better yet, join the Wine Tasting Club and be sure to visit at least once a month. From pastas to gyros, to hummus, to salads and s'mores, you'll find a tasty and inexpensive meal -- and lots of reasons to smile and Just Enjoy Life!"""""""
I had forgotten to write a review after going to a game here for the first time.  We moved out here a year ago from Northern California and being Giants fans had heard great things about spring training and the reports were true.  We had gone to the A's Stadium a couple of days earlier and this place blew away the A's stadium.  I don't even know where to start.  First food and beverage vendors were amazing.  The amount of choices made it hard to figure out what to eat.  I ended up going with a teriyaki bowl and it was delicious.  The park itself is beautiful and has a similar feel to AT&T park back in SF (which is the best ballpark that I've ever been).  We got lawn seats and have to say that was quite an experience.  It was an absolute sea of people out there.  There were plenty of beer/soda/water etc vendors out there so we were well hydrated in the warm sun.  I really can't say enough about the experience.  I am really looking forward to next year and will have to go to a couple of games next year for sure.
This place is just my speed. Not pretentious, not overpriced just realllllllly good chicken fried steak. Whenever I go, someone gets the fried chicken & someone gets the chicken fried steak and we share because the portions are GINORMOUS (sp?) . The house salad dressing is my absolute favorite dressing out there. One thing to watch out for, they serve the beer in little itty bitty glasses which somehow makes me drink more....maybe thats why I always leave there happy. Prices are very reasonable and service is perfect. They are there to feed you and let you get on with your night!
This place is bomb-diggity.\n\nThis is not your typical over the top, kitchy tiki bar... but it does manage to take the best elements of tiki and retro chic and put it all into one place. During our trip, we enjoyed all parts of the restaurant:\n\n-the dining area (retro modern and industrial; great to overlook the outside patio)\n--the bar area (awesome lighting and display case of tiki tchotchkes, also in view of awesome hexagonal window thing)\n--the outside patio (awesome rock fire pit for sitting and drinking by)\n\nSo that's just the rad decor...! The food is good and drinks are AMAZING!! There's a menu of about 7-10 tiki type drinks including standards like the Mai Tai, Painkiller, and Zombie... and a few other non-standards (no frozen drinks)... but they run ~$7 and they come served in either a fun tiki glass or class Hula's highball. I had the Dr. Funk, Lillikoi Margarita, and Hawaii 5-0... all excellent, but for different reasons. They also sell cute collectors mugs for $6.\n\nin any event, this place has only been open 4 months... so keep this place in business. go there... go there, now!
Scale of 1-10 (multiple visits):\n9 Food\n8 Service\n9 Atmosphere\n10 Value\n\nI love this spot.  Since you pay per ounce, you can enjoy a tiny taste, or you can pound a gallon of 'gurt.  I've always gotten my fill and never spent more than $4.\n\nThe toppings selection is excellent and the yogurt flavors are good (their seasonal Pumpkin Spice w/ cheesecake chunks is my current favorite).  They recently scaled back their hours a bit :( but I hope that gets reversed as 44 Monroe finishes filling up, Concord Eastridge builds their apartments, and CityScape puts apartments on its hotel.
I absolutely love this Target. It is a hop, skip, and a jump away from my apartments and super convenient. They always seem to have what I am looking for. The staff is friendly and there to help. I didn't even have to search to find an employee to help me, they are pretty much everywhere. They even had a college night last week where they closed the store down and let ASU students come in and shop their butts off. They were pretty wiped out when I came in last week because of all the kids moving in but they replenished everything that night. As you can see by my amount of check-ins this is where I do most of my shopping and I will continue to do that as long as I am going to ASU!
Five stars is based off of one meal and one meal only: grilled cheese and tomato soup. I'm officially addicted. They offer two kinds of grilled cheese: The American and The Classic. I always get the classic, but my friend, Andrew, insists American is the way to go, so perhaps next visit. The Classic is loaded with various cheeses and grilled to perfection.  Comes with a few slices of pickle. Last week I decided to add a cup of soup to my sandwich and was totally blown away. I venture to say that it's the best tomato soup I've ever had. It's very smooth, has great flavor, not too acidic. \n\nThey also have a great grab-and-go selection for those in a hurry. Chloe's offers a wide array of beverages, from freshly brewed iced teas and coffees, fountain drinks, wine and PBR (yay). And for those of you who love old school candies, like NECCO, look no further. \n\nAs for the ambiance, Chloe's Corner is always bustling with its lunch crowd and solid take out business. It's very bright inside and original, local art hangs from the walls and is available for purchase. \n\nOne day I will brave the rest of the menu. My lunch partner, Leslie, gets the tuna melt. It's her favorite.
"""I know there are a million reviews on NOCA and I feel a bit trendy in writing this, but I just had dinner for the first time tonight and I have to compliment this place!\n\nI was shocked it was in the same complex as Delux, for some reason I pictured it standalone, someplace like the Vig. Walking in was a bit of a d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu for me because it reminded me a lot of Fenix, only flipped. (OK - seriously - now I just feel like I'm name dropping!!!!)\n\nOf course the service was impeccable and the cotton candy was delightful, but I loved that each course was broken up with some little special \treat.\"""" A spoonful of watermelon salad (just a bite!) and a tiny espresso cup of soup almost felt like a fantastic palette cleansing between each course. The food is really well balanced, cooked to perfection and served with respect.\n\nI love that they print their menu every day too!\nThe only thing I had difficulty with was pairing an appetizer with an entr\u00e9e - there were such different choices it was hard to find a good match.\n\nSo here's 5 stars for NOCA! Another little gem in the valley.\nBoy, aren't we lucky?"""""""
I like Italian food. It's probably the only food I will take home, because the left overs are usually just as good the next day!\n\nIt's kinda sad that Alessia's is SO good that I don't even have left overs! We started off with bread and this amazing vinaigrette/oil combo. It was the best mixture I've ever had. For dinner, I had fettuccine with a homemade white sauce that was so creamy and filled with flavor, I couldn't believe it. The chicken I added was crisp and the spices used on the chicken complimented the white sauce nicely.\n\nSide note: the owner (who served us) is a bit of a pompous...I'm thinking it has to do with the pride he has with his food/cultural differences...but still, brace yourself if he's there when you go otherwise he might ruin the food experience by his attitude.\n\nCome, enjoy, and get fat! :}
We stumbled across this place while looking for a friend's house in the area, so we dropped in for a drink.  From the outside it doesn't look like much and generally once inside it also is less than impressive.  As we only had time for a drink we asked for a menu to check out what they had to offer.  The menu was a very pleasant surprise with dishes one would never expect to find based on the area, outside look of the place and the inside atmosphere.  We decided to come back later, that was a couple of months ago and we've been back many times since and have introduced our friends to the excellent food at this establishment.  The staff is well versed on the menu, is helpful but not pushy.  The wine list is very good and the food is outstanding.  Don't judge this book by the cover.  We go back often, finding that each new dish is a good at the last if not better!
Yummy yummy yummy! I am not a vegetarian but my daughter is and I LOVED the food! I had the black bean burger with sweet potato fries and veggies with hummus. Crazy good! I also had the iced latte with nonfat milk sweetened with coconut sugar. I will definitely be back though not as often as I would like. A lunch for two as $36 yikes! The atmosphere is very comfortable bright and cheery. It was clean and smelled amazing and the staff is super friendly!
"""This is the place that other shops in the valley should strive be like.  When I decide to start getting tattoos again a few years ago I was unfamiliar with the scene in the Phoenix area so I did extensive research on shops and artist so it was no accident that I ended up at Lady Luck.  Tony Olvera the shop's owner is one of the best artist in the valley.  I've gotten 5 tattoos from him so far and there's not a week that goes by that someone doesn't stop me to get a closer look or compliment me on them.  I've got an appointment for number 6 and plan to get several more.  \n\n I haven't seen work from all of the other artist but I have seen some pretty amazing work by \Uncle\"""" Josh and Scotty Rich.\n\nSo far I've spent approximately 30 hrs in the shop getting work so I've had a lot of time to observe the day to day operation.  These guys are all very professional.  I've witnessed both Josh and Scotty giving someone their first tattoo and both had quite a talent for putting the customer at ease. I also observed Tony give my girlfriend her first tattoo in what many people consider to be a very painful spot (the top of the foot).  He also has quite a talent with first timers and made sure she was as comfortable as possible.  She's hooked now too and I don't think she'll ever get a tattoo from anyone else."""""""
"""This is a real find and I mean \find\""""  because it is tucked away on the side streets of downtown Glendale. This small little restaurant is unique in decor and cuisine, not many polish restaurants around.  The food is flavorful and fresh, the soups are unique and tasty.  The stuffed bell peppers are awesome as is the stew.The owners are warm and inviting without being overbearing.  \n\nMy only disappointment is the limited hours, I work too far away to get there for lunch and they are only open a few nights a week.  Definitely worth the trip."""""""
I took a stroll to Changing Hands after eating at Wildflower. I was impressed by the store and the selection of new and used books\n\nThe store is very clean and laid out in such a way that you can find your favorite category of reading  rather easily (History, Fiction etc) \n\nThere is a good sized childrens section full of books, games, toys.. \n\nUp front there is a selection of the newest releases as well as recommended books by the staff on the wall. \n\nThere is also a sizable amount of books at bargain price in the front and back of the store. \n\nFighting the temptation to buy more, I hung tough and just bought one book for a Christmas gift and a cool Christmas ornament. \n\nBased on this experience, I will definitely be back to buy books in the near future. Now I ask myself, why did I not come here earlier?\n\nThere is going to be a 25% off sale on Jan. 1, 2010.
"""As a new resident to Arizona, I've been frequenting the adult shops in the Tempe/Phx Metro area looking for the shops that seem to provide the most satisfaction for me. My criteria is based on the selection of videos, the wide variety of kinky/fetish supplies and abundance of toys available. I am also interested in lingerie, especially if it is reasonably priced (and it is so often over priced), but that is the last of my adult shop needs. \n\nSmokin' Lingerie is the perfect middle ground to find pretty much everything you need. Although it has been argued to me that it is a bit over priced as far as toys go; it is not a big enough difference for me to care too much. \n\nI was extremely pleased with the selection of fetish gear. Genuine leather goods, restraints, latex - it's all there. If you're seriously into that sort of thing, the price shouldn't bother. There is an abundance of toys as well. Some in the more \extreme\"""" realm of the sex world too. The organization of the toys is not too clear, but that was ok with me because I had to look at everything to make sure I saw what the store had to offer. \n\nFor those interested in lingerie, the store would probably satisfy lingerie needs. There was a lot of different types of lingerie/\""""clubwear\"""" available and the price was the same as any other place, or maybe better. It varied from the more vanilla, stripper-wear to the leather hardness and fishnet body suits. \n\nI was quickly reminded by the stores wide selection and organization that I was not in the grimiest of adult boutiques, but I wasn't in some corporate, vanilla store where every employee is wearing a uniform. \n\nBottom line: if you're used to frequenting the corporate adult boutiques, this place may seem kind of intimidating at first (either by its selection or organization technique or lack thereof), but do not be fooled - my guess is that you'll want to leave with at least one thing by the time you're done browsing."""""""
NOW THATS A HOTEL. Please Waldorf Astoria people or Ritz Carlton people come here and learn. Hey, W-hotel people/Mondrian people and other hotels that use IKEA furniture approaches, dont even bother staying here, you might start crying.\nThe attention to detail in the rooms is outstanding, from relatively high class furniture, incl. sculptures, to candle turn down service and upscale reed diffusers. Beds are very good and the linens are wonderful. Details in every room are so much better than 99% of other 5* hotels. On top of that you have a view to die for (please dont take that literally), a very nice pool area - not overly large but very relaxing with very attentive staff (thank you, Keith and Nicole), a super day spa, a tennis center (!) and a real gym.\nAnd once you are here try the mixology class at the Jade bar - but dont book dinner afterwards - I promise you will go nowhere that evening. Jason, Mica, thats all your guyz fault :-)\nI will come back any time I will be in Phoenix.
"""A place called Giant Hamburger, well, has giant hamburgers. And they are delicious, as well as the fries that come with them. Yet, the main reason that anyone should try this place is breakfast. I'm a hearty eater, so when I ordered the \triple\"""" chorizo, eggs and potatoes, and 3 slices of sourdough toast, my belly screamed \""""yay\"""" when they brought my plate. It was a mountain of food for a little over $8 and I would have eaten the plate had it been edible. Great locally owned business and I'm sure to be back again and again. I might even get a burger next time!"""""""
I have  been going to this Spa for almost 14 years. I can honestly say that I have NEVER had a bad experience here. I always get my hair done, eyebrows and nails done here. The staff is wonderful and super friendly. They are also very well trained and educated. They do a great job keeping up with the trends and keeping their customers happy. My two older sisters actually fly out from NYC everytime they need a touch up or want a change in their hair color. \nI actually brought my entire bridal party here to get there hair done and the staff was excellent. They started on time and got us out on schedule. I truly reccomend this place to anyone looking for a new salon or spa. They are awesome!
Joe was a complete pleasure to work with AND he does a fabulous job!  He removed all gum and cleaned the carpet through out the facility, cleaned & waxed our floors as well as cleaned & sealed the tile in our bathrooms.  Everything turned out amazing!  He was extremely thorough, showed up on time, and made sure we were completely happy with the final product.  I would definitely recommend using Service Master as Joe is the owner and takes pride in his work and leaves you with a clean facility!
I was left with a good impression after my first time there. We went on a Tuesday and it was still pack at night. Very small parking, but there was compliment valet parking. \nThe valet parking guy was also very friendly. The low-lighting environment seem to be a great get-together place for group of friend or even a date. \n\nI'm not much of a wine drinker, but we order Moscato and I like it! I also love the bruschettas there, especially the salmon one. They also have a variety of sandwiches that you can order from that will make you quite full after a few bite. \n\nI would definitely come back to this place. ^_^
"""Long overdue review as this has been a favorite here, and in Tucson, for many years. For edification, \authentic\"""" Mexican cuisine can be a  nebulous and misleading generalization. There are many different regional varieties from northern, central and southern Mexico. Most of the Mexican restaurants in AZ are of the northern ilk.\nLa Parrila Suiza is Mexico City cuisine and excellent at that. Nice place to bring the family or dine at the ample bar if solo.\nSeveral different combos to choose from; favorite is Parillada Mixta No. 39. Mixed grill of charbroiled beef strips two quesadillas and a bell pepper stuffed with cheese accompanied by chorizo and grilled green onions, all served on an individual little grill with mesquite charcoal underneath. Served with terrific soft corn tortillas; make your own tacos with a spoonful of cheese, chorizo and beef strips--killer!! \nI eat the whole thing, but two could easily share this. Don't miss it!"""""""
I also called Mike to get some concealed wiring done for a TV that I already had mounted.  I was interested in adding a home theater hookup to improve sound and hide the HDMI cable that connected everything.\n\nMike was professional, asked lots of questions to understand what I wanted to do, and had good flexibility in scheduling so I could get everything done in the timeframe I wanted.\n\nAs the previoius review notes, he is great at taking his time to ensure everything gets done correctly, cleans everything up, and tests everything to make sure it works properly.  He also is very knowledgeable about technology and can help you get everything set up as well if you want that kind of support.\n\nThanks for the help mike!
"""Had dinner here yesterday (a Sunday) for my 31st birthday.  Spoke with Sheldon beforehand to reserve the private dining room for \20-25\"""" people.  After some hesitation on his part, he agreed to not requiring a set menu, and I agreed that my party would be patient with the service (which did not end up being a problem at all).  He also did not require a deposit, which was fantastic.\n\nI got there later than I wanted to, as I wanted to arrive a little before my reservation, but I got there exactly at 7:00 p.m.  After saying hello to some friends who had already arrived and were waiting in the bar, our table in the private dining room was ready after just a few moments.  We went in and began sitting down - the private dining room is off to the side of the restaurant (beyond the bar area) and was great for our party of 20.  There is a men's and women's restroom at the end of the dining room which was great as well, and the tables were organized well enough that it felt like we were eating at a single grand dining table.\n\nService was very good, especially considering the amount of people we had and that they were willing to do separate checks.  After getting our drinks ordered and delivered (which took about half an hour), we ordered. \n\nFor appetizers, the table had the hummus, but a few others ordered the green chile queso (very unique and good), the fried eggplant bites (I was hesitant about the goat cheese as I'm not a big fan, but there is not that much and it just enhance the flavors of the whole dish, which was good), and the bacon-wrapped shrimp (YUM).  All of it was good.\n\nPersonally, I also had a cup of the black bean soup (very good, especially if you cannot get enough black beans like myself).  My entree was the surf n' turf pasta, which was really flavorful.  You get two shrimps, which were decent sized, and two medallions of beef, which were cooked well but not overdone.  The fettucine was not al dente but still had a good texture, and the sauce was not buttery/overwhelming.  Everything felt/tasted complimentary, which was a good thing!\n\nWe finished things off with their version of chocolate cake, and they had a pumpkin cheesecake which was interesting, but I would have preferred regular cheesecake.  \n\nAnyways, I wanted to thank the staff here for a great birthday dinner.  Everything tasted great, the service was good and prompt (I don't believe there was a single issue, which is amazing considering they had 20 people all ordering something totally different, without a set menu), and we all had a great time.  We got started a little after 7:00, and we were done a little before 9:40 (from what I can remember).  For 20 people all ordering drinks and food, that was some efficient service!\n\nI would definitely recommend PCG for a big dining party.  They were courteous, professional, and accomodating.  Fantastic place with very good food!  Thanks!"""""""
It's that time of year folks!  Spring is in the air and Uncle Sam has his hand out (much like my free-loading Uncle Fred at every one of my birthday parties).  Whether you dread writing that check or look forward to the IRS returning your interest-free loan, it's here.  You can't avoid it.  Well, legally anyway.  The best you can do is find a good tax man (or lady) to help you keep what you worked hard for, or hardly worked for, whichever applies.\n\nI'm happy to say Mr. Holly is still in business, proof his clients are not in jail, nor destitute, and ready to assist with all of your tax preparation needs.  As per usual, I showed up with my list of 102 ridiculously anal and sometimes irrelevant questions and all were answered.  One week later, my forms were ready.  Thom's a true professional, and I would recommend him to anyone.
"""I'm really surprised that the other reviewers had such a bad time in this store.   \n\nMy last carrier was Alltel, and Verizon gobbled them up this year.  Being a cell phone owner since the days when they came in a bag like a heavy small carry-on bag, I have to say I HAVE NEVER HAD A PLEASANT EXPERIENCE IN A CELL PHONE STORE BEFORE.   EVAH. \n\nI've had a Treo for many years.  Last year, I dropped the phone and broke the screen.   Went into the Alltel store and they literally said to me, \sorry you're screwed; we don't replace screens; you have no insurance; you're still under contract\"""" - so my only solution was to buy a new one for $600 according to the very harried and unpleasant rotund pimply fellow at the Alltel store.   Methinks there must be another way!\n\nSo I got on line and found this PDAparts.com for replacement screens.   They warn you: this voids any warranty!!!   But it was \""""only\"""" $70 so I went for it.  They actually have a step-by-step video posted on YouTube on how to replace the screen.  Scary, but my trusty friend/co-worker Chris is an engineer so he did the dirty work for me in about 5 minutes flat.  YAY.    Phone worked perfectly until.... one day... the screen just went blank.\n\nSo I'm hosed now right?  And it's December.   The phone technically still WORKED, as in: it rings, and I can fumble to answer it... but I can't see who's calling or who is texting me or make calls... or read my emails... so it was kinda limiting.\n\nSo with much trepidation I wandered myself over to the Verizon store on Camelback, figuring I was now only 1 month away from the end of my contract and maybe I just had to bite the bullet and switch to a new phone.    They don't make the Treo 755p anymore, and I really didn't want to learn how to use a whole new phone... too busy.  But I guess I gotta. \n\nSo you walk in and they ask you:  do you need service or sales, and what's your name?    Service... Jane.     They put you on a list which is on a big monitor, and tell you: you are 4th in line for service.   Sigh... look around... and not 5 minutes later, I'm called up. \n\nThe very friendly and CUTE guy who helped me took a look and agreed, the screen is fried.    Do you want to pick out a new phone today, or can you wait a few days to get a refurbished 755p?    Huh?  I could get another 755p?    Yes we will replace your phone but we don't have them HERE so you'd have to wait a few days.   Um... okay... I guess I can wait, but, how much will that cost?   \""""Oh, it'll be free.\""""    FREE?    Sold! \n\nThe people working there were joking around with each other, easy going and super helpful.  There were other people in the store who were clearly stressed and in a bad mood, and from what I observed these folks were super-great at defusing them. \n\nSomething good is going on at that shop and based on my experience (a) I highly recommend them; and (b) I'm sticking with Verizon!"""""""
Very different and fun dining experience! I was THRILLED to see Posh was participating in restaurant week because I've been wanting to try this restaurant for awhile but it is just out of my price range. $40 restaurant week menu and off I went!\n\nOur servers were very knowledgeable and thoroughly explained the concept of the restaurant, the menu, how to order, etc. Every dish that came out was beautiful, unique and delicious. It was fun to be surprised as well!  I don't even remember all we had but there was squid, soft shell crab, scallops, albacore tuna, ginger soup, escargot, kangaroo(!)...all delicious and masterfully executed.\n\nThe restaurant itself is beautiful as well. Low light, candles. Very nice for special occasions as well as date nights.\n\nI very much enjoyed myself. The price point will keep me from being a regular here but I'm hoping Posh will be participating in RW in September!
This location is always clean, well-stocked, and the gentleman with the British accent is so nice! My wife and I are both in school, so finding the best prices for healthy food was terribly difficult before we discovered Fresh & Easy.\n\nThe staff in this store is awesome! They are always very friendly and they have coupons on hand just in case I forget mine. It seems silly because it's usually only a couple of bucks, but it makes us feel like they are looking out for our budget.\n\nWe both love to cook, so getting the freshest ingredients is important to us. We love the small, cozy atmosphere of the stores and how easy it is to find what we are looking for. Your deals on meat, cheese, and breads are awesome and your fruit section has become my favorite place in the store.\n\nThe only complaint that I have about this location is that it's a bit difficult to get into because of it's placement near the intersection. That con in not nearly enough to dissuade me from shopping here because everything else has been fantastic.
I LOVE me some good donuts.  My husband and I have even ran all over Phoenix in search of donuts only to find that most of the stores were either out of business or closed for the day, at 11 am.  Ugh.  One day I was craving donuts, this is not unusual, and on the way to my mother-in-law's house my husband pulled off the freeway and into the parking lot of Lamar's.  We were greeted by the warm and cozy smell of fresh donuts.  After looking over their rather impressive collection of delectable looking donuts, I narrowed it down to a maple bar, always my favorite, and a fritter of some type of fruit.  My donuts were absolutely delicious.  They were fresh and tasty.  They were super soft and yummy inside.  Lamar's is a fantastic place for donuts.  The cashiers are always nice too.
"""This review will seem very similar to the others.. like many, I've been going to Capt'n Bills since it  opened in the early 80s. I don't live on that side of town anymore yet I make at least one weekly pilgrimage..\n\nFirst.. I get the 10\ vegi sub.. its simply the best vegi sub you can get anywhere.. and like other reviewers.. the Italian dressing is the special sauce'. \n\nSecondly, the shave ice they use in their fountain drinks is the best. I don't like my kids drink any soda .. except at Captain Bills.. its good enough to break the rules.. :)\n\nLastly, the 'stuff' that  decorates the restaurant is not some corporate creation.. its paraphernalia that have been added, layer by layer, over the years by the employees themselves.. I love it all and so do my kids."""""""
"""I've come here several times, and every time it's never a disappointment. The food is amazing, the service is great and the restaurant has some pretty cool decor. But, it's definitely not a \hippie\"""" place, probably because it's in such a trendy area.\n\nService is also pretty quick, although, almost everything I've ordered there has been one of their many unique pizzas. I did order one of their sandwiches once, and it was stuffed with so much, I had to take half of it home. Delicious!"""""""
I made an appointment for a Saturday and an inspector showed up right on time. Inspected the house and explained how termites travel and destroy. He found areas of termites I hadn't even seen. A quote was given with several options and an appointment was made with my convenience in mind. The technician showed up on time and was done treating my house in a couple hours. I called on the phone to pay the bill. Everything has gone great and I'd recommend this company for your termite problems.
"""I was in town for the Cal/asu game this past weekend and a few of us Bear fans decided to leave Sun Devil Stadium @ halftime for a beer break. Well...we never made it back for the second half of the game!!! \n\nI'm originally from south Scottsdale so I know the Tempe area pretty well, and I know that whatever business is on this corner has always failed. It seems like every bar that's been in this space has had more of a \loungey\"""" feel, which doesn't really make sense when you're across the street from a football stadium. The fact that this place feels like an actual bar is a big plus!!! \n\nThe place isn't huge and surprisingly wasn't all that crowded for a game day (apparently it's only been open a couple of weeks). There wasn't much on tap, but the Four Peaks brew that I was drinking was tasty. They also had $4 Jaager shots, which I downed a couple of!!! Honestly, I didn't get a good look at the menu (food or drink), but since this place is still in the process of opening everything is still a work in progess. I shared an order of nachos with some friends and they didn't disappoint!!! \n\nAs far as the crowd goes, it's a slightly older group of alums (30's-40's), which is probably why our experience was so pleasant (rooting for the visiting team in a college town can be an interesting experience as far as dealing with current students). Our waitress (Erica) was awesome!!! She was attentive and patient, which is a major asset when you're working a college bar. The excellent level of service may have had something to with the fact that I told her I yelp (my tab seemed a bit smaller than it should have been as well), but hey, either way I had a great time!!! \n\nSince I don't live here, I obviously won't become a regular, but I would definitely recommend this place to those hanging out around the ASU campus who want an alternative to the Mill scene..."""""""
I've become a huge fan of Baiz Market, as hinted at in my review of its restaurant, Al-Hana.  For me, the major draw to Baiz itself is the bakery.  The desserts are amazing, particularly the pistachio baklava priced by the pound.\n\nDrinks, chocolates, rice, pitas...   Really, Baiz has everything you could need.  The produce and cheeses are fresh, and I'm always tempted to pick up something at the butcher counter.  It's delicious, cheap, and you can shop while you wait for your meal at Al-Hana.  I'm most definitely a fan.  Warning: Cash only if your purchase is under $10.
Let me first start by saying that I am only through the process of putting my dress on layaway. So, I can't speak for quality as I haven't worn it for any length of time. I did thoroughly inspect it and am very pleased.\n\nI was thrilled today when I was able to find a dress in my size as I'm a plus-size bride. Not only did I find one, but there was a large selection in my size and I loved a couple of them. Shocking! I don't usually have many choices. \n\nI had called ahead and made my appointment and asked if they had an assortment of dresses in my size in. She said they did and was very kind. I advised her I've been reading horror stories online about plus sized girls being treated poorly, etc by stores and attendants. She assured me that would not be the case. \n\nIt most certainly wasn't. My specialist was amazing. I picked out three I liked hanging on the rack. It's hard to tell what they look like til you have them out and on. I liked one, thought it might be it. Quickly ruled out the other two. Then, she said WAIT, and went and got one that had just come in. It slid on with ease and felt amazing. She knew based on all the information I had given her what I was looking for. \n\nI cannot stress enough how pleasantly surprised I am. \n\nI would advise any bride call ahead as I did. It just gives them the heads up to be extra nice to you if you express concern before hand.\n\nAs someone else mentioned there was no big upsell. No pressure. She told me there was sale on the dress I wasn't aware of. She seemed genuinely interested in my happiness. \n\nWIN!
"""What an absolutely perfect and adorable collection of local gems!  The concept is fantastic - I love the \mini\"""" versions of some of my favorite places.  My favorite?  The British Bicycle Company.   Those are the most insanely beautiful bikes that I have EVER seen.  And the owners of the shop are some of the nicest people you'll ever meet.  If you need a bike, don't go anywhere else!\n\nI'm very excited to try out the restaurant and Royal Coffee in the future.  A return visit is in the very near future."""""""
Bomb sauce. I have been anticipating this place since I was told they serve chicken and waffles. But don't go here expecting soul food like Mama used to make. This place is modern and cool. You won't have grease stains on a paper plate. Rather you will have a delectable meal that is finger-lickin' good.\n\nI read a lot of reviews of this place before I darkened their doorway. So, kudos to you previous reviewers for suggesting the mac and cheese. That was bomb. Then I ordered the chicken and waffles. I was instantaneously in heaven. The only knock to the whole meal was the braised greens. I have had better, but that doesn't lower my score because they are inferior anyway to the brilliance that sat on the plate beside them. \n\nAlso, the wait staff was extremely helpful and patient. Since we sat at the bar near the kitchen, they let us see everything as it come out and were more than happy to tell us what each dish was. \n\nThe decor is very modern and appealing. They have gone to great lengths to make sure you know that this place is hip and with it. \n\nI can't say much more other than, you must try this place. You must quit what you are doing right now and go. Drop the pen. Step away from the keyboard. Get up. Put on pants. Go eat at Tuck Shop. Wow- as I wrote that I realized that is a good schedule for my day...
Under new management. FRED from Chicago and his apprentice Sam have made some favorable changes to this fast food dine in delicacy.  I have always been a fan of Mexican food. My metabolism is constantly making me crave a massive amount of food.  If you are in the mood for a huge burrito, bowl, or tacos... this is your one stop shop.  Always consistent, fast and inexpensive.  Walking into the restaurant today, something was noticeably different.  Ah, yes it was the positive attitude from the gentleman behind the counter. Friendly, outgoing, smiling and pleasant would best describe his demeanor.  FRED a fellow Midwestern took over this bad boy 1 month ago and certainly has enhanced its flavor.  Have you been to a fast food restaurant before where the gm comes over to your table to see if everything is okay or you need a refill on your drink?  Welcome again back to chipotle.  what a positive experience today and had to yelp about it because this guy has gone the extra mile.  For a massive 2 pound burrito for under 10 bucks and quick..... this is your go to. enjoy.
"""A chain, yes. But par for the course, no. \n\nFirst of all, they have an extensive wine list, which includes a rare type of sparkling wine, called Brachetto. In this area, DUI's are more common than a cold, and it's a light and tasty wine, with a low alcohol content. So it's option is great for me. It also goes great with everything they serve, because of it's unique flavor profile.\n\nLizzie was our waitress, and offered options and suggestions, which actually saved us quite a bit of money on the whole. Not that, by any stretch of the imagination, is this a place to go when you are not intending a big splurge. This is a place to take it slow and spend slightly over a decent amount. \n\nThe food, however, is absolutely worth it. We tried the Cheddar fondue, which could have used a bit more mustard powder and worstershire sauce, but on the whole was delicious. It was well prepped, and Lizzie explained what she was adding and why the whole time. The veggie selection is a bit mundane, and that's really my only complaint. We ate the \big night out\"""" prix fix menu and chose the \""""Fusion\"""" option which had lobster tail, shrimp, brats, ravioli, new york strip, sirloin steak, and a marinated chicken. We cooked it in the Boullion method which is just a flavored broth. Because it's not oil, you do need to add 30 sec to a min to the suggested cook times, but it was a lot lighter than using the oil and we didn't come home smelling like oil. The california salad was incredible. It had mixed greens, sliced roma tomatoes, chopped pecans, and blue cheese crumbles with a rasberry black walnut dressing. It's been a long time since I was able to truly enjoy a salad, and this was amazing. The chocolate we chose was the Smore. It was milk chocolate, marshmallow creme flambeed with grahm cracker bits added after the fire goes out. It's served with 2 types of coated marshmallows, pound cake, a slice of cheese cake, and a bowl of sliced strawberries and bananas. Just enough to fill us up, but we didn't overstuff ourselves. Our dinner was leisurely paced and took us about 2 to 2 1/2 hrs to get through. This is pretty normal for fondue. You do have the option of sitting at the bar and having just a cheese or chocolate, if you are on a time constraint though. \nIt's located in a great little shopping and dining area that wasn't too crowed last night, but I think that was more due to the weather, than the actual popularity of the place."""""""
My bf and I are from California so it was a nice delight to have stumbled upon this place through yelp. When we first arrived it looked a little shady but when we entered; although it seemed a little big it was very hommie. The owner was very nice and very helpful, he immediately gave us samples and gave us a brief description about each one. \n\nI will say the watermelon ale was amazing! I had never heard of such an ale in cali so we bought a few six packs. \nI'm a huge fan of porters, it wasn't too smooth but it was delicious, the camelback was nice \nHowever I'm not a fan of IPAs so maybe thats why I didn't like the last one, but if you do it is very hoppy and I would recommend it\n\nOverall I'm happy that we checked this place out, it was a good find. I hope the owner makes it and I think if he came to Southern Cali he would be a hit!\nOne more thing, when I was reading some reviews about this place being expensive I wanted to laugh, it's very reasonably priced, good quality beer comes at a price :)
Quality!!!\n\nIngenious!!!\n\nAwesomeness!!!!\n\nThis place needs to get closer to civilization.  Not that there isn't any in Queen Creek, but come on, they have more cows than stop lights.\n\nDespite it being waaaayyyyyy out of the way, for me at least, it is worth it.  100\\% of the time it is worth the drive.\n\nThey make their own mozzarella, fresh every day.  So of course I have to have the Caprese salad.  \n\nI really like their Ruben where the sauerkrat is home made.\n\nMy brother cannot get enough of their meatball sandwich full of tangy red sauce and cheese.\n\nIf you like ice cream they actually make their own here.  Different flavors that you cannot find anywhere else.
If youre the type of person that cant except a dish for what it is, then you might not like the over 10 places on the menu where it says NO SUBSTITUTIONS! Thats why I love this place. People all too often forget that OFTEN somebody else knows what you want more than you do. Be open for an experience that is old school cafe style with combos that include either coffee or in some cases juices to go along with a full blown breakfast. The only thing I didnt love was the sausage patties because they seemed a little too artificial for such a quality joint. Other than that the french toast, pancakes, eggs, hashbrowns, bacon, and everything else Ive had there was atleast good if not great. Overall if you arent too picky and want a solid breakfast at a great price hit this place up and I promise you will be happy you arrived.
In Texas I would rate Rudy's about three stars however in the Phoenix area it is the best there is. They have nice moist brisket where you can actually see and taste the smoke ring. To me, you judge a good BBQ place by their brisket and this place holds it's own. If brisket is not smoked long enough it just tastes like crappy pot roast. That is unfortunately the case with most places in the valley. The only other place I can recommend around here is Texas BBQ House in Phoenix although once Rudy's moved in, even though Rudy's is a chain I have to say they are still slightly better. The Green Chile Stew is really great tasting. As is the turkey and Jalapeno sausage. Overall, if you are looking for good BBQ in the valley this is the best you are going to find.
This is one of the best entertainment values in town and I look forward to its arrival every April.  If you have not yet checked out the local improv community here in Phoenix you will be surprised at all of the offerings by various groups affiliated with the Torch Theatre.  (check their website for year round performance info.)  \n\nFor the annual Phoenix Improv Festival at the Herberger Theater, they jury in the best groups from around the United States for one action packed weekend.  All you have to do is show up at the theater (well, get tickets first of course) and you'll have an opportunity to see some of the most interesting improv groups from around the USA all without spending a minute waiting for a flight out of sky harbor airport.  Get ready to stretch your perceptions of what improv is, as these groups have so many different takes on it.  Some will make you laugh, others will be wickedly irreverent or will amaze you with their talents at weaving a cohesive story line.  Still others will have you thinking about them a month or longer after seeing their performance because of all the subtle intricacies woven in.  \n\nPhoenix's veteran improv groups frequently travel to other major cities to perform and have a key role in teaching and mentoring some of the up and coming local groups participating in the festival.  What a great opportunity for all to share the stage with groups from outside AZ and interact offstage.  fantastic learning opportunities that will only make the Phoenix improv community continue to grow better and stronger and deeper. They have a fantastic vision that's come so far and deserves our continued support!
Just had a great experience with the Ding Doctor.  His service is mobile so he can help you anywhere in the Phoenix area.  We bought a 2011 TDI VW Sport Wagon and had it for less than 24 hours when I noticed someone opened their door into my rear drivers side door.  My husband and I are used to driving around in hoopties so we were pissed.  I called Ding Doctor and he was able to visit me the very next day (today) and came down to South East Gilbert to fix my door.  I am so pleased with the work.  He is a total professional.  His website is amazing, his work is excellent and prices are fair.  He is a perfectionist and it shows.  By the looks of his website you would think he has a big office, but no this is a one man show.  Send  your request for quote online and text him pics of your damage and he will respond very quickly with a quote.  Good services like this deserve to be acknowledged on Yelp.
"""This place has all the usual Vietnamese dishes and drinks. I have been here several times and this is as good as it gets. For those that have not tried Vietnamese food I highly recommend starting here. Pho Thanh (translates to soup bar) is the typical Pho restaurant, nothing fancy, but has every thing you need for a great meal.\n\n Come in make eye contact with the person behind the counter, point to the table you want to sit at. If they nod ok, go sit there. If they point to another table, go sit there. This is just the way it is at all Vietnamese restaurants.\n\n Having been a big fan of Pho over the last 20 years or so, I had a need for a Pho fix. I of course went strait to Yelp to find the closest place. Since this was the only place close to the house. The reviews looked good, I figured I would give it a try.  It was just what I was looking for, It is as good as any I have had. Better than a lot of other places. Very consistent with the broth. I have been back repeatedly.\n \nOver the years I have gained a wife and two kids? What  how did that happen? Wow, any way I wanted to introduce them to this. So we took my two year old with us the first time. I kinda knew my wife would like Pho if she just tried it. My two year old I started off on the pork chops on rice. Now that was some good pork chops! When we pull in to the parking lot my daughter now says \Pork Chops\"""" and jumps up and down. We now go there as a family and and my two year old also loves the soup dishes. Since the bowls are big bowls we have to share with the kids, there is now way they can finish a bowl that big! The spring rolls are great. If you like coffee you have to try Cafe sua da, a very dark coffee over ice. \n\n So far over the last few years this place has been a great place to go for some good food. Service has been prompt and courteous. and the food has always been great."""""""
OK,  I have now gone ot Joya Spa twice and that's all it took to quickly become my favorite spa in the valley.  The atmosphere is warm and inviting iwth a dark and cozy Morroccan theme.  The robes and towels are soft and the locker area very well kept.  I highly recommend gettig there early to enjoy the Hammam experience of a warm meditation room, steam bath, cold deluge whirpool, sauna and another deluge.  It's a great way to unwind and get ready for your fabulous spa experiences.\n\nI went with my mom as a belated Mother's day gift and we each got a massage and a facial.  We agreed the therapists were excellent at their craft and we had an overall wonderful experience.  We went on Happy Hour Monday and got a great deal on the services, although they were so good I wouldnt mind paying the full price.\n\nMy only complaint was that since it was Happy Hour Monday the place was packed and it got a little cozy in the small locker room at times.  Also we went to the terrace for lunch and had to wait quite a while to get any service.  Also since there were so many there there wasn't much room and we saw many people who wanted ot come out but couldn't find a chair.  However once we got our food that was also very good.\n\nOverall, a wonderful experience that I can't wait to do again!
"""Sweet Baby Jesus I love this place.  Little backstory: I like my meat as rare as humanly possible. When I order a burger Medium Rare at a restaurant and they tell me they don't do that (which has happened to me at LEAST twice) I literally want to stab someone. Blue Nile will actually serve me RAW meat. It's called Kitfo and it's amazing. It's spicy and juicy and rich and indulgent and would probably shave about 10 years off of my life if I treated myself to it more than once every 6 months or so. It's like eating steak tartar as your dinner, with a side of two amazing veggies (I always get Collared Greens and Mushrooms and they are both awesome).  I've never ordered anything else, but my boyfriend mixes it up a bit and he's never been disappointed.  Last time he got the meat lovers, which was a platter of beef, lamb, shrimp, and chicken, with one veggie side of the collared greens.  I tried everything and of course it was all delicious and surprisingly dissimilar to one another, which to me seems tricky when you're dealing with a lot of curry and spicy based sauces.\nJust a side note (which actually makes this place even more awesome despite the slight inconvenience it was to our last visit): This place doesn't serve beer and wine anymore. BUT (and it's a good \BUT\"""")...it is now BYOB!  For just a $5 corking charge! Love, love, LOVE Blue Nile."""""""
If you love meat, I cannot possibly fathom why you wouldn't love this place.  When you feel like being the big fatty you always knew you were, go here and indulge. \n\nThere's nothing I can say that hasn't already been said, so just to confirm:\n\n-- The interior is beautiful and their wine selection is very impressive.\n-- The salad bar contains all that is good.  TRY not to spend too much time there, but I must confess that I loaded up on the cheese (parmigiano reggiano FTW) and smoked salmon.\n-- All of the side dishes (which are also endless) are winners.\n-- The meats are all very very good, but some are more impressive than others.  Their Alcatra is amazing, especially if you get an outer, crispy slice.  It's basically beef bacon.  Also, their lamb is superb -- seasoned just enough to expose the flavor of the meat.  Their chicken unfortunately falls short compared to everything else.\n-- Go for lunch.  It's the exact same experience for ~$15 less per person.  \n\nIt's a bit pricey, (~$30 lunch, ~$45 dinner) but it costs about as much as the high end buffets in Las Vegas or a high end steakhouse, and it arguably surpasses the former in quality while easily beating the latter in quantity.  \n\nBottom-line:\nSave up on both your cash and your calorie intake and then indulge like the glutton you are.
For some reason this place is my all time favorite restaurant right now. I go here for lunch every time i visit my sister in Scottsdale. \nIt is adorable inside and I love the little market so you can get the HUMMUS TO GO! I am obsessed with the hummus. It has tomatoes onians and feta on top, YUM!\nI also like the grilled artichokes, which are not what you'd expect, its more like a salad, but a delicious one at that. The drinks are always good and the service is always friendly and attentive. I also save room and stop in the market to get some yummy gelato afterwards, perfection i must say.
I had Cathy do my taxes this year and i dont know if its magic or not but I am actually getting money back for the first time in years.  Do I need to say more?  Ha ha, anyway, I stopped in and met with her on a recommendation from a friend and she was able to take all my records and put my taxes together in record time.  I look forward to going back since her and her staff are very professional, I guess its a family business and has been there for many years.....all I know is she got the job done very quickly.
In late March my dad and I went to spring training and we stayed at a nice hotel nearby. We passed by the place on Sunday evening on our way to the hotel and it looked different than something we'd find in San Diego. Later that night we go and sit at the bar. The bartender greeted us right away and offered us drinks right on the spot. No wait at all. The cool part about the place is it's informal. Customers can eat peanuts and just drop them on the floor. Even the workers were wearing sports wear. That's how cool it was. \n\nThe food was quickly served and delicious. We spent under $25 both times visiting in the 4 days being there. Next spring training were definitely going back.
I love this place. Denise and Cindy are the best. My little Nismo is always treated so well when he comes in for a bath, hair cut and teeth cleaning. He is a little nervous to be left without me, but is treated with so much love, that when I come back to get him, he is happy as can be. That was never the case at any other places before I discovered Hug N Pups.  I've been a regular customer for about 3 years now, even after I moved away from across the street! I am a bit particular about how Nismo is cut, and I am always pleased with how he looks.
This place is a new gem in the crown of the revitalized Sunnyslope.  Unfortunately I missed this place when it was Bomberos but I'm happy I found it in its current iteration as it's pretty great.\n\nDecor wise this place is super rad, completely redone and they open up the restaurant when it's nice outside (most of the year).  There's a huge patio out back as well!\n\nThe service was fantastic and the wine selection is great!\n\nOk, the special.  I hope that this place doesn't get as hard to get into on Mondays as Postino is on the nights they run their specials.  Flatbread pizza and a great bottle of wine for less than the bottles cost on their own.\n\nYou've got to try this place out if you haven't been here yet!!!
"""I grew up in NY and moved here 17 years ago.  Carmine's is the BEST NY pizza place in the valley.  A lot of restaurants claim to make NY pizza, but they don't have anyone making the pizza that is actually from New York.  The owner/chef is from good old NY and he knows his stuff.  When I call to place an order, I can order \a pie\"""" and they know what I'm talking about.  The pizza is amazing, with crust to die for, and the cannolis are oustanding!  Whenever I go back home to visit, my first stop is the hometown pizzeria because I miss it so much.  Now, I can skip the pizzeria in NY, because I have Carmine's in AZ."""""""
I've been looking forward to eating here for months after hearing such raving reviews from my friends and family and I have to admit, they were absolutely right.. this place is amazing!\n\nI came here with friends to celebrate a recent engagement and when our waiter asked what brought us in tonight I had mentioned the special occasion, and without even asking he had sent over four glasses of champagne to toast the occasion. Kudos CPH. \n\nI had a chance to enjoy the short ribs braised in a red wine sauce and my taste buds instantly became my taste BFF's, wow this dish is incredible and if you don't order this you're outa your dang mind.. enough said. I cant recall exactly what my friends had ordered because we all know what really matters is what is in front of your face. All I know is they all had the same great experience I had as well.  Thank you Citizens, you did not disappoint!
Buzzcation was the event this time. A gathering of folks to eat some yummy food, drink a good martini or beer and support Packages from Home a worthy charity that sends packages to our men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan.\nThere were two main appetizers served. The first was an incredibly delicious salmon pizza. Fresh salmon served on pizza dough. Garnished just right, this was amazing.\nNot to be out done, the second app was my favorite and I almost took the whole plate full. A crab BLT cake sandwich. A nice sized crab cake, on a mini hamburger bun, with lettuce, tomato and bacon. Oh my, oh my..this was amazing! Both of these items are future new pieces to the other great appetizers served at Morton's. The martini I had to go with was also well made. The staff from the bartender to waiter to hostess were all awesome. One day I will need to come back and have one of their steaks!
"""They have a store upfront where you can pick up your own \Sause\"""" and/or Rub, and a breakfast taco if you're in a rush.   The meat is very high-quality and the Sauce to die for.  First had Rudy's in the late 80's brought in from TX, I was hooked.  What a treat having it local.  I went there last week around 12:30- they were giving the breakfast taco's away, that never happens before you wait in line to buy food.  They are generous with the protein and you will discover lunch costs more at McDonald's.\n\nDon't let the long lines fool you - it moves fast!"""""""
How do I drive past this place every day and never stop?  Now that I've tried it... I won't make that mistake again!  D'lic has a great menu of fresh breakfast items including several vegetarian and gluten free selections.  Good bye starbucks, I found my new favorite coffee,  I'm so hooked!  Just beware the drive-thru is not super fast because all the food and drinks are made to order, but if you plan for a 10-15 minute wait you'll be fine.  The food is not cheap, but reasonable for fresh ingredients cooked to order.  Definitely give this place a try, great hang over cure after a nice out in OT!
I won't lie .... I saw this restaurant featured on Man vs Food and had absolutely ZERO desire to eat here.  The sight of the food did not look appetizing to me.  OMG was I wrong! I went here to celebrate a co-worker's promotion and I absolutely raved about it for the rest of the day.  I had the Alambre de pollo Torta and I couldn't have been happier.  First off, the torta is massive. The only reason I got as close as I did to finishing it was because it was so amazing, I couldn't put it down.  Second off, well, it's amazing.  The only downside is that it gets crowded easily because it's still a pretty small place and because we went at lunch, it took an awfully long time to get our food ---- granted, we were a party of 8 so I'm not surprised.  I would definitely go again and would DEFINITELY recommend it to someone who's hungry!!
Been here a few times. Every time, awesome service! Small place, but that's ok. I like the feel.  Brought my parents here whom were visiting from out of state, they loved the staff and food. I left my phone there that night. They called my husband to tell him and I picked it up the next day. So glad I got that back! Not many bar/restaurants where you would get your phone back. Also I highly recomment the fried pablano pepper things, or are they chili's.... I don't know. But they are good! They are my fave! Try them!
"""Being within walking distance of this place is what I will miss the most when I move across town. Pages and pages of menu items, but most of the time I just get something off of the first page - the \special bowl.\"""" It is a pretty decent amount of really good food for $3.98. There are about 15 different options on this all day, every day deal and I have yet to be disappointed. I got it to-go for the first time today and I think they gave me even more than when I eat there as the standard sized to go box was overflowing with rice, chicken, and vegetables. Check out the appetizers, too. 10 steamed dumplings for $2.99 is practically a meal in itself! Do yourself a favor and check this place out!"""""""
"""Oh wow I am super surprised this place only have a few reviews. This place is always packed with a line from it being so popular. CHARLIE\S TACO STAND!!\n\nThese are the BEST tacos I have had since I moved to Phoenix. I dont know how to explain how great they are. They meat is finely chopped up on top of a palm tree trunk which I am not sure if it give it a flavor to the meat but I think it does. The menu is simple only chicken and carne asada tacos for $1 (super cheap) and the have burritos and a few other items but the tacos I believe are the best!!!"""""""
Although slightly higher priced than I expected, I LOVE this place!!! Great atmosphere with Paris Cafe type decor. Yummy Chai, super nice owners, and really great breakfast! They have steady customers at any given time so the wait time it takes to get your order varies. Any wait is worth it! I highly recommend my fav... Strawberry and banana crepe with Nutella on the side, extra whip cream!!! A lot of food and almost too pretty to eat. But I manage usually once a week with my daughter.
I have tried the other DIY dog\nWash spots and this place cannot\nbe beat.  \n\nGreat products, customer service and atmosphere. I take a 85 pound dog there at least once a month for a self\nWash. I reccomend the ultimate wash- it's so easy to get your best friend so fresh\nand so clean-clean. \n\nToday there was a minor malfunction with a hose during our wash. The owner asked about it and apologized for the problem and cut the price in half. Now THAT is class and taking care of customers. \n\nIn addition- they have a great selection of dog toys you will not find anywhere else. My bff LOVES the sea creature series of dog toys. \n\nLastly, if you ever want to give yourself\nA treat and have them wash your pup- they have amazing grooming professionals who know their stuff.
I loved the food at Los Reyes de la Torta. The service was no good, but the food more than made up for it.\n\nI had Alambre de res which was very good. My only complaint was the small portion of rice and the beans- I was not sure what was going on with the beans. My husband had la torta de rey which he enjoyed. The torta is definitely something to share with another person. \n\nAlthough the food is not better than the Mexican food I or my mom make, this is definitely the place to go for me when I don't feel like cooking my own Mexican dinner.\n\nP.S. Try the Fresas  con Crema sold in the refrigerator behind the front counter. They are the best I have had!
There are not enough stars in the sky to rate this hotel. I went there part of a work convention and had no idea the luxury I was entering. \n\nRooms:\nThe rooms are huge and beautifully decorated along with cleaned to perfection. The beds made for a perfect nights sleep too. The bathroom, oh my god, amazing. I couldnt decided, do I want to spend an hour in the beautiful bath or enjoy the glass cased shower. Not to mention the marble added that perfect touch.\n\nGrounds: \nI walked around every day just taking in how beautifully maintained it was, and enjoyed every sunset from a different point of view each day. Cute little cactus walk made for a learning experience as well. Who knew there were so many types of cactus, the occasional lizard would pop up and say good morning as well. \n\nThe pools were beautiful and I spent many nights swimming late and star gazing. \n\nSpa:\nAMAZING\n\ncute shops\n\nCannot wait to get back there this August!
If you cant get down with fresh made Italian bread, hand cut meat, evoo, creamy mozzarella, and some spices then stay away from Calabria because that means more for me. \nOwned by a very sweet Italian couple this is a lowkey downtown lunch spot that has never disappointed me. They are by no means a full service grocery but do have sparse but unique grocery items that you wont find at your neighborhood Fry's.  I have mainly stuck with the Caprese sandwich in the past but sometimes i get crazy and add salami or prosciutto.  Can't vouch for the pasta other than that it is made on site, seriously though who needs pasta for lunch anyways, it is a deli, nuff said.
"""I went to Tony's based on the reviews here, and the reviews have it spot on.  \n\nI have a ten-year old pair of Italian-made Kenneth Cole's that are the most unique and beautiful shoes I've ever owned, and I literally want to wear them for the rest of my life.  Hell, I want to be buried in these shoes, since all the mourners will be saying, \Damn, that guy had taste.\""""  \n\nThese beauties have been in need of new soles for about four years now, and I have been reluctant to give them to just anyone, only to see them ruined.  No, I needed a specialist.  I needed the Mayo Clinic for shoes.  I'm proud to say that Tony's is the Mayo Clinic.\n\nI almost cried when I received my shoes back, because they looked better than they did when I bought them.  Not only that, he had them finished the next day.  Last time I had shoes repaired it took nearly a week, and they didn't look half as good.  \n\nI also took my wife's Mary Janes in to have a strap replaced and he matched the original perfectly.  \n\nI salute you, Tony's, and so do the shoemakers of Italy."""""""
"""OMG! every town in america needs a switch in town! Ok, i love yelp and come here often to find all kinds of places as I travel all over the country with work. Sitting here on a Sat. I thought to myself, \self, a lite snack and a drink while reading my ebook chillen at a cool table sounds good\"""" so self said lets look. Within two blocks of my hotel was Switch, I looked at thier online menu (site is high class) and saw a breakfast burritto for $6.75 and noticed that a carraffe of screwdriver, cape cod, or bloody mary was only $3. carraffe meaning to us maybe 12oz or so. Hey! sounds good to self so we headed out. Very nice cool, almost chic atmosphere, very casual and welcoming, staff rocks!!! I told the waitress/hostess that brought me the menu's \""""just bring me the breakfast burritto and a carraffe of bloody mary\"""" acting like a regular. I figured going in that it would be a small taco size more than a burritto so imagine my delight when the dish came looking like something from \""""Iron Chef\""""! The burritto was 4\"""" in diameter with at least a 1/3 cup of sour cream, guacamole, and picante sauce each on the side! And then they set the 1 litre carraffe of bloody mary down. \""""self\"""" I said, this is not the $3 specail we read about so after about 10mins I asked the hostess and she looked at me strangely and said yes, this is the $3 bloody mary. long story short,,,,,Walked in with $20, tipped the awesome waiter $3 on a $10 tab and walked out with $6 in my pocket, a nice buzz, a fullllllll stomach, and a very wishful attitude that all my travels could find a switch in town."""""""
"""Thank you, Yelp! If it wasn't for you, I never would have found this place that is 2 minutes from my apartment. I had never had kosher pizza before today and this is a great NY style pie. Having lived in Chicago, I'm usually partial to a heavy, thick pizza but King Solomon's found its way into my heart at first bite.\n\nThe restaurant itself isn't the most fancy place, but it has plenty of seating for customers dining in. Also, it's tucked back in a tiny plaza just south of Camelback Road so you have to keep your eyes peeled.\n\nThe staff was friendly and asked me how I preferred my pizza (crispy or otherwise). When I got home and opened the box, I wasn't blown away by the pizzas appearance. And then I tasted it... everything about it was delicious. I got a 14\ with mushrooms, garlic, and black olives. They didn't go heavy on the toppings, which I prefer. There was a great balance between the sauce, cheese, and crust. My favorite part is the sweet, buttery trace that I can't quite put my finger on.\n\nI'm from the midwest. I'm picky about pizza. King Solomon's for the win."""""""
My picky children aged 7 and 11 loved the food. The youngest had the BBQ beef and gave it two thumbs up. My oldest said the eggrolls were the best he has ever had. He also had a great flan for dessert. Prices are very reasonable and the service is very friendly. This is in the mall with the Mekong supermarket so you can enjoy a great meal with your shopping trip. I had the bbq beef with the eggplant side (excellent). Even the macaroni salad is a cut above anything I've had before -- not too heavy like most. My wife had the pork skewers with the papaya salad side -- it was a perfect accompaniment to the grilled pork. We shared a strawberry banana shake, which thankfully was not too sweet.  It is a very rare occasion when everyone in the family likes a restaurant, but this one fit the bill.
Oh Charles David, how I love thee.  Let me count the ways.\n\nI love thee for shoes that feel like butter on my feet.\nI love thee for classic styles that you always have in stock.\nI love thee for trendy styles that are still tasteful.\nI love thee for being able to fulfill all my shoe needs.\n\nI'm elated that I finally live near a CD store...my husband, not so much.  There are really three sections to the store- one side has evening shoes and classic styles, one side has current trend shoes, and the back has clearance.
I have been a loyal customer at this shop for about 35 years.  I had a bad experience at the Discount store at 1677 W Chandler Blvd in Chandler and just finished a stinky review for that location.\n\nThe guys at the Scottsdale Rd and Oak location have treated me right for nearly two generations.  Free flat fixes, free air checks...even if you don't wear Discount tires.  No wonder Discount has grown into the largest independent tire and wheel retailer in the nation.  Except that Chandler shop, it is doomed.
First visited lobby's about a month ago, giving the new establishment a go since it's a newbie to the neighborhood. But now all I can say is how excellent the place is. \n\nExcellent food\nExcellent people\nAnd an excellent addition to Tempe's restaurant lineup\n\nThe place is family owned by three brothers, and is owner-operated. Every time I've been in there it's been nothing but smiles from those on the other side of the counter. That, coupled with being asked how I personally like the food gives a very warm feeling to the establishment. I feel the customer service alone is deserving of 5 stars, not to mention how amazing the actual food is. \n\nI've tried their single cheeseburger which was very good. A well balanced burger keeping respect by not being overly wet nor overly dry. Great fresh ingredients, and a moist/ tender beef patty to boot. The burger also comes with crinkle fries ( which I'm not normally a fan of) which were seasoned with just the right amount of salt, while maintaining a good crunchy texture.  \n\nOn another occasion I ordered their Italian beef sandwich. I don't believe it was quite as good as the burger the previous visit, but still very good nonetheless. \n\nMy girlfriend also accompanied me there to try their Chicago style hot dog. It is very aesthetically pleasing as well as delicious. A step up from the ordinary hot dog/ ingredients of teds down the street. \n\nMy overall experience at Lobby's has been great. I would gladly recommend to my family, friends, and of course fellow yelpers.
If you are looking for a Unique Dining Experience, this is the place! \nCute atmosphere but the food is some of the best I have ever had. I love that there is no menu and you get what you get. I make enough decisions every day and it just feels good to let the experts handle it! \n\nThe three course dinner was so amazing I took photos! The only thing I would love to see is chairs the are more comfortable. But hey when the food is so good the hard chairs don't seem like such a big deal. \n\nGreat job Chef Christopher!
Top notch Italian food. I have to admit that when I go there i am not the most adventurous of eaters. I typically get the pasta when i go there, but their angel hair pasta bowl is the best I have ever had. the sauce is deliciously flavored, though more a mix of Chunks of tomato and tomato sauce, while most places just serve up sauce. I'm not a huge fan of places that offer large pieces of tomatoes in places they don't belong, but they aren't heavily found so it doesn't really bother me here. I do know i have friends and family that go here and have been going here for years who order all kinds of dishes and they seem to always love it. The atmosphere feels like a cozy Italian Kitchen and the wait staff is always around.
"""Rarely eat at any Chik-Fil-A.. but when i do it's always good.\n\nNow theres a chikfila less than a mile from my office, so i decided to stop by for lunch today. Got the 8 piece chicken nuggets- my first time ordering them, my only complaint is that they are kinda smalll.. but really good! next time ill get the 12 piece\n\nlove their waffle fries.. i dip them in mayo too.. yum..\n\nNo drink cuz i have a can of Rootbeer in my office waiting for me..\n\ntotal meal was $5.02 not bad... i know chikfila can be expensive but if u have your own drink it can be a $5 meal.. You can make it happen :)\n\nthe best part, FRIENDLY service! I was greeted by the mop guy with a smile and a \how are you\""""-  i'm from NYC, no one says HI there.. (now u know why i moved to arizona in September)\n\nThe guy taking my order was cheerful too, he got my food in a Jiffy! KUDOS"""""""
These guys have taken care of my English Setter since he was eight weeks old, fresh off the plane from Minneapolis. They always take such good care of him, know him by name and by temperament, and have been remarkably patient with all my first dog owner anxieties.\n\nThey've got four vets on staff, all of whom are great, and Bob and the rest of the people at the front desk are wonderful as well. What's more, they're inside my closest PetSmart, which also provides training classes and grooming services. I've done it all with them - very convenient.
I was surprised, I thought this place would be a five-star yelp page.\n\nWe've loved every experience here. \nAwesome breakfast burritos. A must try.\nAwesome cupcakes (they offer vegan and gluten free sometimes! Call ahead to see what they have that day if this interests you!)\nAwesome espresso and fruity/ smoothie drinks.\n\nI use to love to come here on my lunch breaks to relax. Great atmosphere!! And I love the outdoor seating. On days with nice weather, it makes you forget you're in Arizona for awhile! ;)\n\nCheck it out, for sure!!
"""Yet more histrionics according to me. \n\nI remember the Lucky Dragon!  \n\nI was sixteen or seventeen and my friends and I were looking for local venues in which to perform.  There was a little place called The Lucky Dragon, my friends had a improv troupe called FLD and they would perform here once in a while.  One night, mid-show I ordered some food and the world went \Zizz\"""".  \n\nI grew up with a very traditional American culinary exposure.  My folks were meat and potato kinda cooks.  I hadn't tasted Asian cuisine with such flair and it was enthralling.  \n\nYears later, and in more modern times, I was lucky enough to have my friend Hunter suggest Sens as we were trying to figure out what's for dinner.  We're old friends and amateur culinary explorers.  \n\nUpon walking into Sens you just FEEL sexier, baby.  \n\nThis little lounge is it.  \n\nWe sat at the bar and ordered the Red-curry wings, and some veggies cooked in a banana leaf.  \n\nThen came the Sake...\nThen more food...\nSake...\nMore food.. sake..\n\nWe were chatting Sake with the bartender (don't recall her name) but I remember Junmai, Dai Gingyo and the like. \n\n We spilled back out into the city belly's full of some of the most delicately prepared Asian Tapas I have ever tasted.  \n\nIt is truly amazing what Chu and his chefs do with such a small cooking space.  It's all right in front of you in about ten cubic feet of kitchen space.  Some of the most unique and eye-popping techniques take place in that kitchen with a self-assured grace.  That attention to detail and subtle prowess show through in the flavors that come out of that kitchen."""""""
I want to set up a bed in the corner here and just eat my way through all the different breads please.\n\nFirst off, let me say-- they have the yummiest LOOKING foccacia bread for only $3-- available daily, I asked.  I am so going back next week and buying one.  \n\nWe also sampled some Olive Oils-- they were all delicious!  $13/bottle but I think worth it with those tastes-- I want the Asiago Olive Oil.\n\nEverything about this little market is just precious- adorable- and sweet.   I've purchased fresh rolls and loaves of bread from here and served them at dinner parties- they were perfect!
I went to Canyon Falls Salon and Spa in Scottsdale to get my hair done and saw a brochure offering fat burning  B-12, shots, Lipodissolve, Botox, Dysport and fillers like Restylane and Radiesse. Michele Hunter Aesthetics is located on the Spa wing of the salon. I needed to get my lines erased and some energy. Michele Hunter RN was professional and informative. I purchased a B-12 shot and did Dysport. I loved the results and the price was great. I will be back in 4 months.
"""I watched in awe as he carried my food all the way to my table and attempted to get the high chair for me on the way there. When I said \thank you\"""", he said, \""""My pleasure.\""""\n\nI knew Chick-fil-a was \""""kid friendly\"""" but I had no idea how easy they would make it for me to eat there on a mother-son date with my one year old. \n\nMy hands were full with the boy and my purse so I was very glad for the help from my server.\n\nOur chicken was fresh and hot and the fruit cup was perfect for my son to feed himself."""""""
Loved it!  This was the 2nd time we went horseback riding in Arizona or ever, but this place is my favorite so far!  I liked how we actually got a bit of an adventure and just didn't ride very slow w/ our horse in flat lands.  We got to go on different terrain and up and down a couple small hills, I thought it was exciting.  I felt very comfortable on my horse Moon and she really listened well.  Our cowboy Dave was great, he had personality and seemed to really like people which made us feel very comfortable.  His doggie Sadie is a gem.  I can't wait to go back again.  Next time I think we will do the 3 hour ride because the area is beautiful and I love the rock formations all around.  A nice bonus was the sun setting as we rode in- just seemed picture perfect.  A huge thank you to all the cowboys that work that ranch they are very nice real genuine people.
"""My boyfriend and I first tried Papago's Orange Blossom Ale at Chicago's Old Pizza and thought- Hey this is the best damn beer we've ever had let's go visit their brewery since it's close! \n\nI'm simple so give me good food, beer, service, and music and I'm pretty happy. I like all their beers. My favorites were the Orange Blossom of course but also the Irish Cream one (the name escapes me at the moment) and the Coconut Joe. I really like the fact that they had alot of smaller breweries and crap beer like bud and coors wasn't on the beer list. Plus, they had pick your own six pack which is pretty damn awesome. Service was good- wasn't exceptional but it wasn't bad. We got our food, drinks and check within a good time frame and she was happy enough. \n\nI saw other reviews complaining about servers sitting back and talking and complaining and I didn't see any of that. My boyfriend and I both got the hot italian sandwich which was delicious- no complaints at all. The cole slaw it came with was okay- once again not great but enjoyable. \n\nI did enjoy the interior and how it was really laid back. \n\nPros: Delicious beer choices, good food as far as I tried \n\nCons: Bathroom was kind of \gas station-esque\""""  and while the food I tried was good there was a dreadfully small food menu"""""""
I go to this place for lunch at least 2-3 times per week. For lunch it is amazing. The service is great, the salsas are good and I still have not had anything that I did not like. They just changed the shrimp they use which is an excellent upgrade. The steak fajita burrito as simple as it sounds is perfect, the carnitas are amazing and the carne asada is excellent. They also have orange bang which is super old school but really enjoyable. \n\nOverall this is my favorite place to go for lunch. Fresh delicious food at a great price. \n\nI have only been once for breakfast and to be honest the burritos left a little to be desired and they also do not open until 8.
Jason Silberschlag pulls off a pretty amazing thing here in the metro-PHX area.  Three shops with their own quirky details, passion and identity.  Each tailors specifically to the demographic at hand, which I can totally get behind.  The fact that each shop has its own deal going on is awesome - I really dislike chains and the chain feel/look.  I hadn't seen Jason in a while at the other shops, the times I'd frequented, and was happy to see him behind the bar when I came here for the first time.\n\nJust the same way the other Cartel shops have a selection of brewing methods, this one does as well.  Pour-over, aeropress, Chemex and traditional espresso (La Marz GS/3).\n\nAs expected from him, our drinks were flawless.  He transfers this knowledge and passion to the baristas, which is obvious even when one leaves his establishment to go somewhere else - they stand out in the crowd of many coffee-pullers.  The beans, who can complain?  Jason made his name with the roasting.\n\nI got a prepared sandwich here, and my was it tasty.  Bread was fresh.  Sauce, ingredients and overall creation was good.  Big Ben: you stole my tastebuds' heart that morning.\n\nCasual lounge area (see: couches), outdoor covered seating (see: hallway - shaded and cool!) and plenty of seating inside.  As normal, his handiwork shines throughout the shop.  Somehow I've never reviewed a Cartel shop before, despite my years of patronage.  My latest experience changes that.
Finally checked out Marcellino at their Scottsdale location for the first time.  It's as good as it always has been and the new location offers more space and a nice ambiance. The food is still great, the service was very warm, and the whole atmosphere is still inviting and cozy.  I had feared their move to Scottsdale would cause it to become overly trendy and lose focus, but I far undersold Marcellino and his team.  And despite having great food, the prices are quite reasonable.  Having dined in Italy recently, I can say the experience here was on par with that and hope to I to return soon.
"""So two vegetarians walk into a steak house (Stop me if you've heard this one....)\n\nand had THE BEST MEAL EVER!\n\nOf course, we wouldn't be so bold as to go to a steak house without a couple of carnivores with us, one of whom was celebrating a milestone birthday.  A steak dinner was his dream of a dinner, so we couldn't deny the birthday boy.  \n\nServer Derek was on point the entire night.  He didn't even roll his eyes when I said, \okay, the gig is up, 2 of us at this table aren't going to eat meat, but we're trying as many of the sides as we can.\""""\n\nThe meat eaters had 2 of the finest, most perfectly cooked NY strip steaks.  They were cooked medium rare and almost didn't need the steak knife.  \n\nSides included sauteed parmagiano asparagus; caramalized squash; mac and cheese; chopped salad; and pureed yukon gold potatoes with vermont butter.  \n\nEven though we were so full, we shared  chocolate toffee cake for dessert (birthday boy got a special dessert of his own) dessert wine or a lovely glass of 18 year old single malt scotch.\n\nIt wasn't even my birthday, but if sure felt like it was!"""""""
I stopped in for lunch and walked out with 2 pounds of lovely charcuterie products. \nTheir shelves are stacked full of various sausages, smoked pork chops, head cheese and more. \nTheir $5 Brown bag lunch was a steal as well. Your choice of one of 6 different sausages served hot on a bun, with your choice of toppings. All that with a soda and bag of chips. Very nice. \nI purchased a pound of smoked bratwurst and a pound of bockwurst. \nThe smoked brats were very tasty with a light smoke flavor. Reminiscent of the Hillshire Farms smoked kielbasa my mom used to buy. \nThe bockwurst, let me tell you, were delicious. A creamy mixture of pork, herbs and spices all encased in natural hog casings. When I closed my eyes, I could imagine my childhood growing up in Germany. They were that damn good. \nI will definitely be back. And will definitely walk out with a few more pounds of sausage.
After reading all of the positive Yelp reviews that came before mine, we decided to host our Yelp bookclub at Inza - we met today, and wow - it really was fantastic!\n\nI cannot speak to the coffee, but I'll look forward to returning just for that.  Instead, I can speak to the awesome atmosphere, cool, friendly employees, and the empanada + salad special combo.  I had a late lunch there today and it was delicious!  I went with the savory baked flaky empanadas... they were filled with chicken, rice, and beans.  They were flavorful but light and seasoned just right.  I was hungry, and the special came with a small salad and totally 'hit the spot.'  \n\nI was impressed to see not only a variety of coffee and tea drinks, but other frozen drinks and even an option to add protein as well!  With free WiFi and lots of cool events going on daily, plus a parking lot with plenty of spots, and friendly employees to boot, I'll be back to visit for sure!  Maybe even for some tango lessons that occur every Sunday from 2 - 3pm.
"""What can I say, that hasn't already been said?\n\nCasey Moore's is arguably the best bar in the Phoenix area, hands down. I've now been going for nearly 10 years on a fairly routine basis. Yea, the food is good (from what I've tried). However, it's the atmosphere and clientele that makes the place so unique and inviting. Whether you want a wild night, or a low-key night, Casey Moore's always fits the bill. Even if occasionally slow (the bar DOES get packed nearly nightly), the service is always friendly and personable. But it's the outdoor patio area is what seals the deal for me. It's practically peaceful. Greenery and brick everywhere, the place oozes with very un-Phoenix like character.\n\nThough the crowd at Casey Moore's is often just as concerned with being hip and \fashionable,\"""" it's not always as obvious as say, a lounge in downtown Scottsdale. From low-key urban hipsters and college intellectuals, to artists, writers, and musicians, the vibe is nearly always unpretentious and welcoming.\n\nTo this day I've never gone to Casey Moore's just to eat. Therefore, I've only ever tried their \""""finger foods.\"""" Basically french fries, fried zucchini, and the like. But I must say, their fried zucchini is arguably one of the best in town. Never soggy, perfectly seasoned, and always served incredibly hot.\n\nAnd yes, because of Casey's crowds, their parking lot is usually packed. However, with the amount of street parking allowed in the immediate area around it, it's actually not a headache at all.\n\nWhether you go for drinks or food, no one can argue that the atmosphere at Casey's is one of the best in town. It's the type of place any city would be proud to have - a true gem."""""""
"""Where to start?  Everything was perfect!\n\nFood:  Got the \Bring it On\"""" Burger which was grass fed organic beef, pesto, sun-dried tomato, gorgonzola cheese, and probably some other stuff I didn't know about.  It was delicious.  Although all of the extra ingredients masked a bit of what I'm sure was some high quality beef, it still tasted amazing.  Got a side of sweet potato tots which I've never had anywhere else.  They were outstanding.  Also got the Jamaican Talapia which came with mango salsa and rice.  The dish was done well, and it was awesome to try some dishes that you can't find too many other places.  Had the blackberry green tea.  I've had better, but I'm just happy they offer a different type of ice tea.  It was still good. \n\nService:  Raquel was our waitress.  She was cool, friendly, and helpful.  She brought us out a special dipping sauce for the tater tots that she made herself.  \n\nI highly recommend this place.  Went here on a Tuesday at about 8 pm, and there were still a few people on the patio.  I will be coming here again because the food was creative and very high quality."""""""
Definitely a good value for a public university and an exception to our poorly funded public grade schools in AZ which happens to be a disgrace. They have lots of practical degrees for 4 year and Masters...You'll get challenged if your goal is to seriously study and make something for yourself, plus a degree from ASU offers name national recognition with employers(this thing matters slightly and when it counts), even if it's known as a party school which would be desirable also. There are many students who also would love to learn and it's easy to strike a meaningful conversation with other students on other topics. .....\n\nYou can't beat this school in AZ or anywhere near regionally; in terms of studies, challenging lectures, varieties and access to fun. It's not meant to be compared to a Ivy League classified school, but you don't have to go to one to be successful. A college degree is just one dimension of life-long learning if that is your desire, not the end to itself..\n\n(BTW:I'm disclosing that I have a conflict of interest on this review, I went here and got a great degree, support all my Sparky alumni and did all that I've mentioned.)
I can't tell you how long I have been going to Cheba Hut, but I can tell that I will continue to frequent these establishments in the future!\n\nFor the money, it is a great value. They always load up the extras on my Majik Mushroom or Afghani sandwiches (on wheat). The subs are toasted to perfection. The ingredient quality is superior to even the most elegant of competitors. They even have spring mix lettuce instead of using iceberg! \n\nThe environment is great! Incredible music is always blasting from the speakers. You will hear Led Zeppelin followed by Jimi, and then a little DMB to keep you entertained while munching on your grub. And the staff is always friendly and genuine.\n\nLooking forward to the next encounter with Cheba Hut.
"""I was very impressed with this salon. When I called at 6:30 to see how long they were open, Tony responded with \it doesn't matter, come on in. What do you need?\""""   (They close at 7pm by the way). Once I got there, I had a fabulous pedicure, and did not feel rushed or get less massage time even though it was past their closing time. The staff seemed really nice. The pedicure was $20, and I was told their gel nails are only $25 (which is pretty cheap for Phoenix!). Also, the salon itself is clean and well kept. I highly recommend it!"""""""
My wife and I both grew up in the Arcadia area but now live out in North Scottsdale. We had driven by Kitchen 56 a few weeks back and decided to try it out. We arrived on Thursday the 30th of May during happy hour. The appetizers were really great and such a low price. We had fish tacos, short rib tacos and fish and chips. Really really good, the service was very good and the server was very friendly and knowledgeable. Just loved the place!
I love port of subs! I stop in so much the employees know exactly what I want. The workers are always friendly, I've never had a bad experience. I usually get the #1 which is Ham, Salami, Capicolla, Pepperoni & Provolone Cheese on white bread. They have their own mayo/mustard mix which is awesome so you don't have too much mustard and end up ruining it. They may not have as many selections of veggies as their competitors but at least their meat isn't made out of cardboard like some giant chain sub shops (cough*subway*cough). If you're in the mood for a sandwich and you're around the area defiantly give Port of Subs a try
This place is consistently fabulous.\n\nEvery time I've been there, I've gotten great food and great service.\n\nOne of my favorite offerings is the Moroccan Gazpacho.  If you love crunchy veggies and a lot of cilantro, this cold soup is for you.  It is accented with plump golden raisins -- which sounds a little weird, but it is divine.  It adds a little sweetness to the strong (but delicious) onion and cilantro.\n\nThe cold tuna pita is also wonderful.  It's served more or less like a salad, with one of Pita Jungle's sublime pita's on top.  It is also topped with sprouts and a light lemony dressing.  Another fine sandwich is the lavosh shawarma wrap.  Oh dear God....  It just makes me happy.  Juicy chicken, lettuce, tomato, pickles and a shmear of garlic sauce.  It's just so good!\n\nIf you love hummus, this is another must-try!  The cilantro jalapeno hummus is to die for!  I was actually hoping for it to have a little more of a kick -- it is incredibly mild, but very flavorful.\n\nThis is definitely one of my go-to places when friends come in town.  There is always good music in the air, and cool art/photography on the wall.
I was visiting Scottsdale for the first time and wanted to try something good.  This restaurant has a nice view of the horizon, it is located in the Phoenician Hotel.  Food was really good and service was great.  We started off with appetizer, hubby got some kind of onion soup, I don't like onions but took a taste of the soup anyways and it was very fulfilling and tasty.  I got the tuna tar tar which was flavored just right. \n\n For entree, I had the sea bass and a side of brussel sprouts (really good), hubby had steak (don't remember which cut) and broccoli.  He loved the steak.  \n\nThere is valet in at the hotel, I'm not sure how much it was, hubby said it was free and only top the valet person.
I work in the area and drive past here everyday but never had a chance to stop in. Had an extra hour after work the other day so stopped in to have a cup of coffee and a sandwich. I've been back twice since. Drinks are great, food is great, perfect atmosphere to sit and read, catch up with an old friend, or just kill sometime with a glass of wine or cup of coffee! And the caprese sandwich is heavenly!
The Mill Avenue District Community Arts Project (MADCAP) has taken over a once empty building and created an arts and music venue that is affordable and in one of the best locations in the Valley!  Local favorites, Captain Squeegee, The Dorsets, Dry River Yacht Club, and more have been performing there and have raved about the venue!  Recently, the Midnite Movie Mamacita was brought in to program films like The Room, Rocky Horror Picture Show, International Sci-Fi & Horror Film Festival, and so much more!  This is a great addition to Downtown Tempe and perfect for the Mill Avenue area to expand on it's urban and eclectic roots in the music and arts industry!
"""Take Papago Park for what it is - a quick getaway in the middle of city life. Sure, it's close to the Zoo and Botanical Gardens. Heck, you could make an entire day of it - being outside, roaming, looking at interesting plant life. Only you can do so free of charge at Papago. Walk the paved trails or make your own. This is a perfect spot for a morning or mid-afternoon trek (as long as it's winter time) with somebody you like chatting with, like, let's say, a significant other. \n\nOr maybe you want to grab your bike and take it on some trails. That's cool, too. I've seen many bikes roam throughout the park, often dotting the landscape along with casual hikers, dogs, park wildlife (including strange birds and hares) and families. \n\nTruth be told, it's not what I think of when somebody says \park.\"""" You won't find swing sets or monkey bars here. But, the fun isn't had in man-made \""""toys.\"""" It's in mother nature. Besides, if you really need to climb on something metal, there are some old-time \""""exercise tasks\"""" on the far West side of the park, past the golf course, near the condos off Van Burren. But, if you crack your skull open, don't say I didn't warn ya."""""""
What a great name, awesome energy and amazing staff.  Now let me preface this with I live in North Scottsdale, so as many Arizonians know, we are stuck in a bubble up here.  That being said, since I have only been here 2 years, I have never driven so far south.  I thought i was in Tuscon.  I had no idea there were two 202 freeways..... you, I drove to the furthest one. But the drive, and getting lost was worth the wait to dine in this great place. Let start with the Skinny Cocktail list.... yes skinny.  Everything was low in sugar or had none and all bursting with flavor.  I loved it!\nWe moved in to the Cheese Board which came with crusty bread, almonds and fruit. We also ordered the Bavarian Pretzel, with warm brie, and three mustard's.   I love mustard more than anything! \nThis fine establishment had awesome service, we sat at the bar and could not think of one bad aspect, except the old guy in a V-Neck Affliction shirt, but maybe he drove in from Scottsdale too.
"""If you ever have the distinct pleasure of being in Scottsdale as I was please stop by The Mission and request that \SAM\"""" be your waiter. My wife and I received the best service we have ever received from \""""SAM\"""". \""""SAM\"""" is the most personable waiter I've ever had in my life. I would return  to The Mission every time I'm in Scottsdale!!! Not only was \""""SAM\"""" great but the food was excellent. The chicken tacos were mouth watering. The margarita was excellent, Hat's off to the bartender and last but not least the Pumpkin Bread pudding that was recommended was so good I could have slapped my Mama!!! No, but really.. I'm not that crazy. I don't even like pumpkin but this was excellent with the gelato.... I can't wait to come back to Scottsdale in November just to return to The Mission and I will call to make sure that \""""SAM\"""" is there."""""""
"""We were able to get a last minute rervation for four at 7:00... had to move it to 7:15, and half the party didn't show until 7:30 - no problem.  They were very accomodating.  The service was also very friendly and attentive.  \n\nThe menu is very creative, and presentation was beautiful.  I had the \what's in this\"""" steak - basically sirloin strips wrapped in mashed potatoes, covered in parmesean cheese and baked - outstanding!  Others had halibut and scallops, nobody was complaining.  \n\nVery comfortable and delicious food - I would go back."""""""
Going on Yelp's suggestion, we stopped in on a Friday night to find a pretty hefty wait, but we listened to the mariachi band and sipped on margs while we did. The fanciful furniture, painted in bright colors, makes the joint feel smaller than it already is.  There are only three seats at the bar.  The crowded and busy atmosphere is the restaurant's only ambiance.\n\nBut then - the food!  Oysters on the half shell.  HUGE seafood cocktails.  But, my oh my, the Molcajete was phenomenal.  A big, molten concoction of beans and cheese and verde sauce, served in a larger than life molcajete cast iron bowl, with fish, shrimp, steak, and chicken all sticking out of the top and around the sides.\n\nThe margaritas were a bit too sweet and light on tequila, but you go to Mariscos Playa Hermosa for the food.
I recently had sunscreens installed in my entire  home by CC Sunscreens....i did research and found CC had the best prices...Carl the owner was amazing....he came to measure the day after i called.  He answered all of our questions.  He gave us a great price and in less than a week the screens were professionally installed.  The screens are not only of the highest quality - they look great and make our home look brand new.  We noticed an immediate difference in the coolness of each room -   and we look forward to saving on our energy bill too!  We cant thank CC Sunscreens enough -   They are simply the best!
We are snowbirds from Canada who went looking for doggie daycare in Fountain Hills so we could go golfing. We are thrilled we found Zusia's. \n\nSue and Dana are a wonderful hard working couple who truly love the pets they care for. Their hours are great as is the  food selection and accessories. \n\nOur 13 and a half year old lab, Zoe, was well taken care of in a no pen environment with a large play area in the back. All the dogs looked happy and played together. \n\nWe also had Zoe groomed one day and she looked years younger. Nice job!\n\nWe highly recommend Zusia's and will be returning next year.
"""Been twice now. We are Pho-natics and have been to many Vietnamese places in Phoenix. Although not as good as Pho Trahn overall, this place is far better than most. What distinguishes it: service is very good, something that many Vietnamese places lack. Very clean, and has a relaxing patio (beware, they frequently have the patio closed however during the \cold\"""" moths) and the ingredients they use are much higher quality. If you've been turns off by the fatty, low quality cuts used in Pho in other places, this is your place. \n\nAlso, while the Pho gets the most attention (Pho Bien and the pork/beef are excellent) the Hot Pot (K got the seafood) Soup was amazing. Very generous portion and almost sweet to the taste with a good amount of acidity. The Pho is very balanced in its broth but the hot pot is delicious if you're looking for something different."""""""
"""Oh JC Penney, how youve evolved.\n\nLove the new look theyve given to this location. Items are easy to find. You wont see many sale signs as theyve switched to \everyday values\"""" pricing. Things here are very decently priced. I personally love the Worthington brand, theyre great work clothes (stylish, yet durable). You can have things shipped to the store from their website, the pickup process is also fairly easy.\n\nThe staff here is very helpful, and you can almost always find someone to help you in any section. \n\nThis location doesnt have the bedding and housewares sections, theyre located by Sears in the JCP homestore."""""""
The fact that Alton Brown says the best ice cream he ever ate came from Sweet Republic is probably enough of a testimony for this place.  But I can't ever keep my mouth shut when I discover something so stunnin, so I'm gonna tell you about it anyway.\n\nThe owners of Sweet Republic were high-rolling financial powerhouses in New York City until September 11 delivered them a wakeup call.  Now they've brought all their brilliance and drive to ice cream in Scottsdale.  And the result is no less than pure perfection.\n\nYes...virtually all their ingredients are locally sourced.  Yes...they're a green establishment.  Yes...they've won every award that can possibly be given to ice cream.\n\nBut it all really comes down to the taste in the cone or cup.  And whether you're a vanilla sort of person (and you'll discover an entirely new realm of flavor in their ultra-rich vanilla), or someone with a bit more of an adventurous palate and spring for the peppercorn, or the blue cheese, or the cardamom (my favorite...I paired it with a scoop of dark chocolate sorbet), your taste buds will literally be RUINED to all other ice cream after eating at Sweet Republic.\n\nAll the extra treats you see around (waffle cones, cookies, etc.) are made in-house as well.\n\nThe texture of this ice cream is superior to anything I've had anywhere.  And their flavors are authentic and creative.  (Have you ever tasted ice cream made with REAL mint, rather than mint flavoring?  It will move you to tears.)\n\nDo yourself a favor.  Develop a full blown addiction to Sweet Republic for me.  I'm stuck in Dallas and only get it every once in awhile!!!
"""OMFG I thought I died and went to Whole Foods heaven!!! This IS the most amazing WF in the whole freakin' world! I was seriously in a gluten-free wonderland! They have a whole aisle devoted to gluten-free products...they had products I had never heard of. They had like 500 different kinds of GF cookies...I almost cried with joy. Brian and Forest had to try to contain me because I almost broke into song and dance, not to mention the manic squealing as I picked up each item and read the label. Needless to say I bought one of everything...well, everything that wasn't frozen or that wouldn't melt in the hot Phoenix sun.  \n\nI wanted to buy the nifty $90 vegan shoes for my child...but then I remembered I don't have a child. I wanted to eat the handmade artisan soap because it smelled so yummy. I wanted to buy the gorgeous slab bacon from the \smokehouse\"""" counter and fashion it into a bacon bikini right there...but calmer minds prevailed. Brian and Forest convinced me I would be arrested and put on a chain gang in the AZ desert if I stripped naked and applied pork products to my flesh right there in front of God and everyone. Since pink jumpsuits are not my thing I decided to forgo the bacon bikini experience. \n\nWe managed to make it out of the store without being arrested."""""""
"""I joined Hawaiian Experience a couple of years ago, and it's honestly been one of the best things I've ever done. Coming in once a month gives me the opportunity to recharge. As the month progresses, stress starts to build up, but it all just goes away with a lomi lomi, and that relaxation lasts long after my treatment.\n\nI usually go to the Chandler location now, but occasionally will go to their other location in north Scottsdale. Both are beautiful spas, but Chandler may have the edge, with the lake view from the lounge.\n\nThe facilities are great - saunas, multi-jet showers, a steam room, a relaxing lounge, and comfortable treatment rooms.\n\nTherapists - I've had treatments from several therapists, and every one of them has been outstanding. But from my first treatment, Nikki has been my favorite. She has a very caring touch, and I find it easy to relax and let the world melt away in her hands.\n\nTreatments - The lomi lomi is their specialty, and for a good reason. It's by far the most relaxing massage I've ever had. Stretch it out to 90 or 120 minutes, or go crazy and do a 4-handed lomi, for ultimate relaxation. I have tried some of the other treatments as well, like the chocolate/chocolate/chocolate, the hot stone, and a few others. Everything was always great - hot stones are awesome for sore muscles, but nothing relaxes quite like the lomi.\n\nPricing - The membership fees are very close to the popular chains, but the quality is just so much higher here that I would never go back to Massage Envy. Their standard membership gives you a higher quality massage for less money than the other guys. Upgrade to the \Royal\"""" and get an incredible lomi or other premium treatment every month for just a few bucks more than standard massages at the cheap places.\n\nService - Unlike big national chains, this is a family owned business, and you get personal interaction with them. Over the years I've had a few questions about treatments, billing, even questions asking for advice on a Hawaiian vacation I took last year. Steve or one of the other owners or managers always responds to my emails within hours, and they're always happy to help.\n\nI'd highly recommend Hawaiian Experience for anyone - if you're currently going to a big chain, or if you've never had a massage before, you'll be amazed at the difference this kind of place can make for your life."""""""
I finally made it to Posh this past Thursday night for restaurant week. All I am doing right now is kicking myself for not coming here earlier. I really don't know what to add to a Posh review that has not been already stated. Definitely sit up at the counter and watch them cook. Such a better experience than sitting at the tables. \nHere are some of the items I had the pleasure of enjoying. \n\nCantaloupe gelee \nEndive Salad \nPumpkin Soup \nFoie Gras \nShrimp with some type of tart that I couldn't tell what it was \nDuck Confit \nKangaroo \nChocolate Mouse \nPistachio cheesecake (pretty sure non-bake) \n\nI will say this. This was my first time trying Foie Gras, and if I never had it again I would be OK with that. Everything else was perfect though, The concept, the vibe of Posh is amazing. Cheers to you Josh. I will be back!!!
I always prefer to stay at a Holiday in Express any time possible because I love the rooms and the complementary buffet is very nice.  \n\nI was introduced to this location because I needed to room in the area for a few hours for a Job Interview.  Called the front desk and they set me up with a room and a great rate.  Stayed long enough to take a quick nap, shower and was back out the door.\n\nWas so pleased that when I got the job, I came back for a few days while searching for a place to live in the area. \n\nThe staff is most wonderful and the owner is quite involved with the community.  We recommend that all of our guests stay here.  Thanks!
We have had three dogs who have all been patients at this Banfield and I have been impressed and deeply touched by the care and the love that my family has received by this amazing staff.  After four years of providing care to my dogs the doctors, vet techs and front desk associates are all familiar and welcome faces.  We have laughed together and unfortunately even cried together.  \n\nThings you should know about this Banfield... well they actually love animals.  The entire staff consists of animal lovers who do actually care about the well being of your pet.  Most of the staff will know your dog or cat by name long before they will remember your name, it is a reality of the business that they are in... they take the time to get to know their patient.  Quite frankly I prefer that they yell out one of my dogs names before noticing that I am even standing there... it illustrates just how much they truly care about my pet.   \n\nOther things your should know... they know a lot about animals... shocking that a group of people who care for animals know a lot about animals.  If you ask them about something you will often get an abundance of information back.  \n\nMore things you should know... the staff believes in preventative care... it is not about pushing sales (that was being eluded to in a previous review), there is a reason for the recommendation they are making.  There are times when you have to be more pragmatic, I get it and they will surely understand... ask them why they are making the recommendation and think it over.  Just remember what they say about assumptions...\n\nYou will wait in line to check out.  It happens... but look around at what they are doing, they are focused on other pets, they are giving the next person just as much time and attention as they provided to your dog.\n\nDr. Cotter is great, she is a total dog lover and is a very friendly vet who is always willing to talk as much as any pet parent wants about their pets care.  \n\nI really enjoy talking with Dr. Lemus about my dogs.  She has been the primary vet for three of my dogs, two of which have had some crazy life experiences.  Our rescue needed a lot of care and Dr. Lemus was a true partner in the care for the year and a half that we were lucky to have our dog who was suffering with congestive heart failure.  When the time came where we were faced with making difficult decisions, Dr. Lemus was there for us, every step of the way.  You can't pay for the care our dog and our entire family received during the last days of our dogs life. \n\nNot everyone will have had the amazing experiences with Banfield as I have had from this Banfield, but as long as Dr.'s Lemus and Cotter are there my four legged  family members will be patients.
I had my wedding at this hotel, and it was awesome! First of all, about half of our guests came from NY, so you know they're picky. They were still talking about how great the food was months after our wedding. The hotel grounds are very well kept, and the place always looks immaculate. Best of all, the staff catered to our every need. They were actually anticipating what we might need and getting it to us before we had to ask. They sent my husband beer and snacks and a personal note the morning of the wedding while he was getting ready with his groomsmen, and they brought what was left of our cake out to us in the lobby the day after the wedding so we could sit there with our family and eat it right there in the lobby. I've never had such amazing service anywhere. (Oh, and during the wedding, they took my bouquet and all my bridesmaids bouquets and laid them all around our room, like around the tub, and they had strawberries and champagne waiting for us -- such a nice touch.) I HIGHLY recommend this place for hosting any occasion.
We've eaten here twice in the last 4 days and I look forward to coming back again soon.  This little place is a treasure.  Every menu item we've tried has been terrific.  John, part of the husband-wife ownership, will make you feel welcome and will cater to your every need.  The service is attentive and prompt.  We've been all over the country trying to find good cannolis.  Everywhere we go, they are either gritty or soggy.  We've found great cannolis in the Bronx, Long Island and Mesa.  Yes, that's right...at Alessia's.  We just moved to AZ from the SF Bay Area and have quickly found our favorite restaurant.
on one plane, there's really no need to update a 5 star review with a 5 star review but then again, when you got it, flaunt it. While I won't review it each time I come here, I skipped reviewing the last 2 or 3 visits. I love this place...it loves me back.\n\nOwner not there today, service spot on and food, well I keep trying something new each time and each time a touchdown. Every table in the place occupied. Every time I have been there, it's been SRO. I don't think that this place is a secret.\n\nBesides the egg rolls (hard to skip this and I just don't love sweet potatoes), today I went for the B\u00daN R\u00caU, blue crab meat, eggs, tomato and vermicelli noodles in a chicken broth...and of course a mango boba.\n\nAll of my previous forays into Vietnamese have been rice noodles and reading other reviews about pho induced coma's seemed silly to me. Well, this wasn't a pho but 30 minutes later I just wanted to curl up and go to bed - I think the vermicelli had something to do with that.\n\nI love the fact that I could meet Scott W there, the same service, similar food (he had the beef/shrimp pho) and he gives it 3 stars and I give it 5. Different strokes for different folks I guess. I should have told him that he could get wooden disposable chopsticks instead of the nice round plastic chopsticks and perhaps he would have given it 4 stars...
"""Large Asian market, in fact the best I have found in Arizona.  Being originally from the bay area in California I miss some oriental foods I grew up with.  I found most everything from my childhood here.  It also has fresh produce and a variety of meats that I have experimented with.  \nIt also has other imports at this store and if you are looking for something \different\"""" this market is the place to go.\nAlso if you are craving BOBA drinks they have a small shop to the right as you enter."""""""
"""BEST YOGURT EVER! This is my favorite yogurt ship for several reasons: lowest calorie/fat, creamiest (not melty), friendly staff, great specials and coupons, and the cleanest. Self serve yogurt shops may be the \hot trend\"""", but it's not as great as everyone may think it is.  Everyone had access to all the food (unsanitary..), you get more than you want (and pay the price for it), it's pure chaos (people are running around everywhere), and it melts while you wait in the line. If you are new to frozen yogurt, try Golden Spoon because it's delicious!"""""""
I love Frys. The employee's are very nice and Debbie the post office/customer service employee is nice, she may look like a bitch but she's not. Just don't piss her and you will be fine.\n\nI moved from Scottsdale while rennovations where being done, so this review is striclty prior. The meat department has the best cuts of meat, the deli is connected to the hot ready to go food. The whole store looks classy.\n\nYou have the liquor, beer and champagne section together next to customer service.
I live in Glendale and will drive across town to get to Margarita Nails & Spa. This place is about as good as a nail salon can get. Gerry and Lynn are both fantastic as is Jade.  I would trust any one of them to do my nails and they are great with waxing also.\n\nMy friends and I have been going to them for a while and have never once had a bad or even a subpar visit. They have always been great!\n\nGerry is meticulous on his nails and does a fantastic job.  Lynn I would trust to do a wax job anytime.  Jade is fantastic on doing mani/pedi's.  I just cannot say enough about them.\n\nOne word of warning though, word is out and they are popular. I would not go if you need to be in and out in a hurry.  This is a place to go, relax and spend some time getting pampered. In my eyes, that's not a bad thing.
I can't say enough good things about this place.  I've been here a bunch of times with my kids, girlfriends and I've even hosted a corporate event here.  This place is awesome.  It's so much fun to make all these great gifts.  We've done soap, candles, fused glass and cake decorating.  Next time we're trying the pottery painting.  The staff are SUPER helpful, the ambiance is totally fun and the variety of activities can't be beat.  The owner, Michelle, is incredibly nice and accommodating and her event coordinator, Cassandra, is also really lovely to deal with.  This is a great afternoon with your friends, family or work buddies.  It's also an awesome idea for gift giving since you MAKE everything there!  I LOVE this place.
"""I've been here dozens and DOZENS of times over the last 25 years.  5 stars without a doubt.\n\nStandouts are the Italian beef with \lots o hot\"""".  Their cheese fries are absolute perfection...  here's why.  Put fries in a basket, smother them with cheese sauce, put another hand full of fries in basket, SMOTHER AGAIN WITH CHEESE SAUCE.\n\nWhen you are done with these cheese fries you are looking for more fries for the cheese, not more cheese for the fries.\n\nThen, when you walk out, school girls and boys break into song and birds start chirping.\n\nOh, I have to mention the cheese steak.  I don't like the standard way they do it (beef, onions, cheese) BUT if you ask for it \""""Philly Style\"""" they do it with their cheese sauce that they add extra cheddar cheese to.\n\nYum yum yum."""""""
Yowza, this place is awesome. Okay, I try not to use awesome too often, but as a child of the 80s, I have a legal right to use the word whenever I want.\n\nAnd The Union is AWESOME.\n\nIf you remember Royal at the Market, be sure to go all the way through Union and check it out--it's HERE! Oh my, it makes my day.\n\nWith that out of the way... there is a newstand and many local shops--Frances, Smeeks, Charlies, Queen Creek Olive Mill, a bike shop, many-a women boutiques, a men's boutique, whoopie pie stop, a even a bicycle stop!\n\nThe sheer delight of shopping local in this capacity floors my mind. What I know of Phoenix is this: we are not known for our trendy way to do shopping. But this nails it. It's like a local shopping mecca of delightfulness. I rest my case.\n\nGet flowers.\nGet a bike basket for those flowers.\nGet a bike for the bike basket to put the flowers in.\nGet a new designer clothes to wear while riding the bike with the basket and the flowers.\nGet streamers to put on the bike with your new designer clothes to accent the basket and the flowers.\nBetter get some sweets for your sweetie to put in your basket, next to your flowers, in your designer clothes, to ride home on your new bike.\n\nJust leave assumptions about Biltmore at home while you're at it.\nBecause Biltmore is now cool... thanks to The Union.\nThere I said it, Biltmore is now cool.\n\nPS. If you're tired of shopping... rest up between AZ Humane Society Petique and the backside entrance of Union. You can sip your favorite locally brewed coffee, Royal, in their seating in the courtyard.\n\nPPS. Shop local.\n\nOh me. Oh my.
"""Along with Bliss, FEZ is another one of my fav brunch spots. They have $3 specialty drinks (mimosas, bloody marys, bellinis...). The service is always quick and the servers are always attentive and very patient with my ridiculous modifications. They have a drink called a \g-spot\"""" and it is fresh grapefruit, grapefruit juice, ruby red vodka and soda. It is unbelievable and on thursdays they are $3 (i think) The menu is different with kasras and stylish burgers but somehow we always fill up on the appetizers. The cheese fondue and the little pyllo pockets are my favs. Ive never been disappointed at FEZ and I absolutely will continue to recommend it and go back! (Thanks thomas for the corrections!)"""""""
I'm surprised by some of the negative reviews on Flores here on Yelp. I have used Flores twice in the past year- Once to check out why the heater wasn't working and the other for A/C repair. \n\nThe service technician was honest, prompt, and affordable. \n\nThe unit I have is very old, but not yet in need of replacement. Flores could have made $$$ off me by recommending me to buy a new unit when I first called about the heater not working, but the tech recommended that I wait till the whole unit dies and use space heaters in the meantime. Which I am a-okay with! I understand that it might seem like they just want me to be dependent on regular maintenance or service but that hasn't been the case. I've only had my a/c actually repaired once. And it cost about $150 and took less than an hour. I'd definitely rather pay that every few years than $4k for a new unit. \n\nI'm glad I finally have a 'guy'. Lots of people have a plumbing guy, an electrical guy, etc. Now I have an a/c guy! I will definitely keep their contact info for future use!
For some reason, the Mortal Kombat theme song starts playing in my head every time I step into Last Chance. This is a battleground, for sure, and if you are dedicated (it takes time to sift through the racks), sharp-eyed (goods can be damaged or pre-owned), and willing to undress in front of others (the dressing room is set up like a high school locker room), you will walk away with all the spoils of war. Shoes, suits, ballgowns, purses...I have walked away with seriously cheap and fabulous finds.
I'm going to take a break from my Yelping hiatus to talk about a relatively new venue that has become near and dear to my heart.  The Crescent Ballroom has become the single greatest concert venue in Phoenix.  Charlie Levy has become my indie god, as he's brought more concerts that I've been stoked about than I could ever imagine in such a short period of time.  The acoustics are perfect, the tickets are nothin', and you can get yo drink on with anything ranging from PBR to handmade gourmet concoctions.  Thank you Crescent!!
I have been here several times and it has always been so good to me! I love coming here for the 16oz steak! YummyYumYum!!! The steak is cooked just the way I order it and it is seasoned well. Ask for your hash to be more crispy to get that extra crunch! \nDo come a little early because you will probably find yourself waiting...there is always a line! But the food is great and the workers are friendly. This place is packed to it's max! Meaning...you'll be closely sitting to some stranger...but if you sit outside (since the weather is so lovely) you'll have more elbow room.
This place is adorable, and the tables they have inside are filled almost every morning I stop in here. \n\nThe bagels are the best I have had in the state of Arizona!\n\nI used to frequent Kokibelli, however our office has recently moved and I needed to find a new bagel place.\n\nIt seems to be the only one in the area. \n\nThey offer Breakfast sandwiches as well as Lunch Sandwiches..Pitas and salads as well..\n\nThe service is great!\n\nMake sure to visit this place if you are in the area! \n\nIt is well worth the stop!\n\nI will be adding their menu as soon as our scanner is hooked up!
What to do on a 110+ degree day in Mesa? Salt River Tubing!! I came here with my future roommate and it was a wonderful way to bond! We drove up here grabbed some tubes and floated away on the river!\n\nOne time the river started going too fast and these rocks ended up hitting my legs! Definitely got some bruises. What would have been better is to link the tubes together and wear sandals (I ended up borrowing my roommate's to steer and paddle to avoid rocks). It was incredibly fun none the less!\n\nTip: Bring String and sheets to link your tubes together. Wear sandals. Bring sunglasses and a hat (that you don't mind flying away). Also! Bring a cooler with refreshing drinks!
Seasaw is not for everyone, but I think it's a MUST for foodies. I say that's it not for everyone because of the complexity and oddity of a lot of the food - each bite is flavor bonanza, and often an extremely bizarre combination (raw salmon with almond, pecorino, mint, balsamic etc) but it always seems to work. I didn't love everything, there were some ingredients I just don't like (curry, parsley whatever), but everything is exquisitely conceived, prepared and presented. This is the art of food - no question about it. I highly recommend sitting at the bar - watching the work of these chefs is fine entertainment. The minutia is incredible - literally and figuratively - it must be witnessed up close. \n\nAnd then there is the wine list - OMG. I have never seen anything like it - not anything close, and I've seen more than a few lists/cellars. Hundreds of pages spanning all varietals, regions, makers, and prices (from $22 to $2200). There are thousands of wines offered below $100, and I'm sure hundreds offered above $1000. I will say that the layout of the list is odd and extremely daunting - there seems to be almost no organization - certainly not by grape. In some cases it seems to go by price, but on other pages it is sorted by maker. We had sake because that's what we wanted with our fish - if we had wanted wine, rather than just an incredible read, it might have been a wee bit frustrating since it seemed impossible to know where to look for any given type. But it is an incredible collection - shockingly so - unlike anything I have ever seen. \n\nThe only negative was one of the servers - she was oddly clueless - everyone else was impeccable, but she didn't really seem to get it (didn't even tell us there was a tasting menu, we had to ask about it, she took silverware and didn't bring any to replace it, got an order wrong, didn't notice empty water glasses etc). But the other folks there were awesome, and there were enough of them that the service didn't suffer much at all. \n\nAnd I wasn't thrilled with the cheap wooden chopsticks - they changed the flavors of the subtle foods a little bit, so I used the silverware - seemed a weird oversight for a restaurant that seems so focused on flavor precision, but no biggie. \n\nSea Saw will be a MUST visit for me every time I'm in the PHX area.
On our recent visit to Phoenix for spring training, we picked this restaurant based on yelp reviews. I'm soo happy the reviews were spot-on! \n\nI absolutely loved this place!  Every dish we had was AMAZING! \n\nOur top 2 favorites were:\n- grapefruit and hamachi ($14)\n- seabass and mushroom dish ($14) \n\nWe got to sit in the backroom with a coffee table and a couch, which was different from the rest of the restaurant. The ambiance is cozy yet romantic and the service was good too.\n\nIf I'm in Phoenix again I'm definitely going back!
"""It always nice to be one of the firsts to see a new restaurant, nightclub, bar, etc.  Especially because the service is typically great, everything is shiny & new.  And the enthusiasm of many familiar faces is felt from the moment you walk in.   RnR Scottsdale's opening night was no different than previously stated.  \n\nThere was a much smaller food menu available, but they are Ready-N-Rolling (Rock-n-Roll, Rest-N-Relaxation, pick one or make up your own definition).  I had the new IPA by New Belgium (Fat Tire), Ranger.  Clean, smooth, not too hoppy.  The setting is comfortable and warm (heating on both upper and lower patios), TV's galore, great location on Scottsdale Road near RA and the Billet Bar.\n\nThere are a number of great names associated with this new endeavor and it shows.  They created a great vibe that will undoubtedly be the next contender for \The Place\"""" to be.  Beginning this Saturday morning, they will roll out breakfast for the first time.  The menu, hours of operation and location make this a home-run in my book.  (had to throw that in for all the spring training fans that will be in the area.)"""""""
This place really made a terrible situation as easy as possible.  Our cat was hit by a car or beaten, and my husband found her immobile and crying horribly in pain.  We rushed her to the clinic, and the doctor saw her right away.  She told us our options, but was very upfront about the liklihood that our kitty would pass no matter what we did.  She didn't pressure us one way or another, and left the room so that we could talk privately and make our decision.  My husband asked if they could give her some pain meds while we talked about it, and they gave her some immediately.\n\nOnce we made our difficult decision to put our kitty down, she brought the cat into a private room with us so that we could say goodbye.  She left us alone and gave us as much time as we needed.  She also let us be present in the room when they gave her the final shot.  At all times the doctor and the techs were compassionate and very respectful.  I was crying and they were very sensitive to my feelings.  They treated my little kitty so gently even after she had passed.  They even sent a sympathy card to our house a few days later.  I really appreciated how they helped us through this difficult time, and I would definitely reccommend them if anyone else is in a similar situation.
"""First off, this is a GREAT LOCATION!\n\nSecond: NO COVER CHARGE!\n\nThird: Pool table, beer pong table, and great music inside.\n\nFourth: HUGE SPACE with lots of tables.\n\nFifth: TWO BARS, one at front and one in back. \n\nThat's already FIVE STARS in my book! But hold up, we are chilling at the bar in the back and there's also an outside PATIO! PLUS PLUS PLUS!!! Loved it!\n\nWe were helped immediately by the bartenders in the back: Tony & Kristin (both were EXCELLENT)\n\nTony sure knew how to start the conversation especially cuz the BF had on his SJ SHARKS jersey cuz we were in Arizona ONLY to watch the Sharks play against the Coyotes. We got our conversation going there and ever since, had nothing but GREAT SERVICE after that. They were very attentive both Tony & Kristin. \n\nI ordered the two dozen wings with half honey sesame and half medium spicy. They were so delicious! It's making my mouth water right now as I type. They know how to make their chicken wings! (AS ADVERTISED) on their menu. \n\nThe BF had the Long Island and he really enjoyed it especially because it was the SPECIAL for only $4!! You can't go wrong with a price like that! They also had other beers and well for $2, $3. SOOOO AFFORADABLE especially if you are a college student. I would definitely recommend coming here! \n\nAlso, Tony is super fast! He is \THE BEST\"""" bar tender I've seen. With so many customers at the bar, he manages them all and gets them their drink immediately. I've never seen a bartender quicker than Tony and he remembers everyone's drinks!! PLUS ONE STAR FOR THAT but I only can give five stars! \n\nI would DEFINITELY be back to Blondies if I ever come back to Arizona, but I heard there's one in Vegas too. Guess I'm hitting Blondie's up in Vegas!!!!"""""""
Soooo glad to see Yogurtland come to the Phoenix area. This is my favorite yogurt place in LA. It's a do-it-yourself place with about 14 flavors every day, some regular and some tart. They have amazing yogurt (some of my favorites are tiramisu, Butterfinger, bananas foster, black cherry tart, pineapple tart) and great toppings (fresh fruit, cheescake pieces, cookie dough pieces, granola, sprinkles, candy, etc.). And the best part is that it's 30 cents per ounce, so you can get a pretty big serving for about $5. Now, Yogurtland, please add another location further north in Scottsdale, and I'll be a very happy man.
One of my fav sushi places in the Valley.  Great place to take someone who has never tried sushi or still is unsure of what they like.  Great place to take someone who loves sushi but is indecisive.  Some of my favorites include the spicy shrimp/crab roll, Phoenix roll, and their squid salad.  Plus - you can't beat the Vegas roll - $1.50 for 3 pieces? It's a steal!  Definitely one of the more fun sushi places in the Valley!
I spilled a large cup of coffee on my MacBook Pro 6 months ago (luckily no cream or sugar). Did all the recommended steps to prevent as much damage as possible, and thankfully everything works except for the keyboard.\n\nAfter 6 months of using a separate bluetooth keyboard on top of my dead laptop keyboard, I decide to take it into Apple Store Biltmore. After explaining what happened, the Genius tells me I've voided my warranty and it will cost $1,240 to fix the machine - without even opening it up. This evidently is the cost of a new bottom case, logic board, etc. Even after running diagnostics and showing that everything is working fine, Apple has a policy that it either replaces everything or nothing. That wasn't going to work for me.\n\nSo I call Orchard, explain the situation and Justin tells me they see this a lot. Since everything else seemed to work fine, he was able to order the keyboard only, as a used part harvested from a similar MBP, for $70. A few days later I bring it in, and Cameron was able to install the keyboard inside of two hours. He also took photos of areas where corrosion had occurred, and explained how he cleaned them with rubbing alcohol.\n\nNow my $3,000 MacBook Pro is back to perfect condition, and it only cost me $160. Thanks, Orchard, for saving me $1,080!\n\nThis isn't my first time dealing with them and each experience has been positive. I've been a Mac user since the late 1980s, and I've never felt more comfortable working with another Apple specialist, as I do with The Orchard.
One thing about Phoenix is that it's near impossible to find French food, and good French food at that. Well, look no further than Au Petit Four. I'm French, so I've got to admit that I've got a bias for eating at a French place that serves real French food by French people. The owner is really cool and makes sure that everything is tip-top while you're eating. To be honest, everything is pretty pricey but it's totally worth it and I don't think that there's such a thing as cheap French food anyway.\n\nBe sure to check out the quiche lorraine and to try one of the eclairs. The only thing that is painfully missing from this place is having a stock of Orangina in the fridge, but c'est la vie, non?
This place is top notch! Fun and clean as well as cheap to stay at! Since the rennovations this place seems much better than people on other website's were saying. They said watch out for scorpions and its dirty and loud.... I saw none of that. In fact all I saw was quality. Wanna get trashed and walk around to all the resort bars? go for it... Need a cheap cab to scottsdale and back? They got you covered.... wanna sit in the jacuzzi and drink margheritas? Thats very doable. Theres only a couple of complaints I had which to some might be bonuses! This place has alot of kids and family activities.... This is incohesive to my continual vacation alcholism. This place has beutiful exotic views of phoenix and the camelback as well as upscale candlelit restaurants to see these views perfect for any couple. I travel alone. This place does not have the screaming drunk girls you may find in Hoboken NJ or NY NY, dressed in less than nothing and having had too many cosmos wants to talk to every guy she see's.... agian I travel alone I had to goto scottsdale for that though theres plenty in scottsdale for everyone... Overall if your from the east i reccomend it ... compared to NY prices its DIRT cheap as is everything down in phoenix...
"""Okay, so it's not filled with the youngest, hippest crowd in town, but you can't get more elegant and romantic than this place. My husband and I were given a gift certificate to the Palm Court as a wedding present. So we decided to use it last Sunday evening for a combo birthday/anniversary dinner. Things could not have been better. It was one of those meals that takes over 2-1/2 hours but not once ever leaving you wondering where your server went off to or when your food would arrive. \n\nEach course of food was better than the last, and many of their dishes are prepared table-side. Kwan, our waiter, told my husband that he's been in the restaurant business 35 years, and it really shows. He personally prepared many or our dishes flawlessly (while waiting on and doing the same for many other tables). So here's a run down of what we ate... \n\nWe shared the prawn appetizer (prepared table-side) recommended by Kwan. It was in a butter/cream sauce and served with risotto. It was very tasty, and I found the two shrimps apiece were the perfect beginning to our dinner. \n\nNext, my husband had the lobster bisque and I opted for a wilted spinach salad (again done table-side). The bisque was really delicious, but sooo rich, I don't think I could have handled more than my one taste. The spinach was a wonderful memory of what spinach salads used to be like before we all cared so much about fat and calories. \n\nFor our entrees, the hubby had the Dover sole (one of their (again table-side prepared) signature dishes), and I had the rack of lamb, as it's one of my all-time favorite dishes but often not done very well and always too fattening for everyday consumption. Simply put-- both were magnificent!! Even the accompanying sides were yummy. \n\nBy this point in the evening, we were both about ready to burst, even after saving half our entrees for lunch on Monday, but we couldn't pass up the banana's foster, as it evokes a personal, happy memory for us. Before we could order it, Kwan and staff brought us a lovely cake for our special day. None of that corny chain \happy birthday\"""" singing, just the cake, a candle and a some privacy. After a few moments, Kwan returned and asked if we'd like them to cut and serve our cake or if we'd prefer to take it home with us. Since we had another dessert choice in mind, we took it home. Last night, we had it for dessert; yum! \n\nA few additional notes... \n\nI agree with the other reviewer, the Spanish guitarist in the lobby just outside the restaurant was wonderful. \n\nThey really go the extra mile in customer service... we had match books on our table that had been printed with our name on them (and ones that said Happy Birthday and Happy Anniversary). And it goes without mentioning at a place like this, but your water (and everything else you need) never goes without refilling without you even being aware of it). \n\nKeep in mind this is not a place to go if you're watching your diet. I told my husband that we did the dairy industry proud; we consumed enough butter, cream, etc. to keep many cows busy for years to come! But you can really taste the difference when real ingredients are used. \n\nThe meal wasn't cheap-- over $250 after tax and tip (for the food plus a moderately priced bottle of California sparkling wine)-- but we both decided that it was money, calories and time well spent! \n\nSo, in closing, you want an elegant, romantic dinner and don't care about seeing and being seen at only the hippest places in town, give Palm Court a try. It's been around forever and hopefully always will be."""""""
Ya another chain, I know but get over it!\n\nThis location is almost never busy.  It's tucked away next to Sauce and on the other side of The Living Room.  I am always greeted with a friendly hello and served promptly.  This location is super clean too.  I cannot stand it when the soda station is sticky and messy but not here....they keep it very clean and organized.  \n\nThey don't have as many items on their menu but what they have they do very well.  The bread is always fresh and the veggies are crisp.  I'm guessing they do a good business at lunchtime due to the other businesses around them.  I've been in on off hours and I'm usually the only one there or there is one other person.  Overall this is a great location!
LOVE this place.  The shopping and the food and the outdoors of it all make this place worth it.  The shops are upscale and well maintained and serviced and the staff is wonderful and I visit many of the stores on many different times/days weekend or weekday and it just doesn't get better.\n\nThe food is also top notch. Some Fox Concept restaurants like North and some chain like Cheesecake Factory or P.F. Changs there is a great variety in food and in price ranges as well.\n\nWalk around, enjoy the scenery and shopping and it will be a wonderful day at Kierland.
The wife and I were in town for the NYG v AZ game in October and were in the mood for pizza. This Glendale pizzeria is no joke. Brick oven pizza at its finest.  The char on the pizza crust was done to perfection. The wifey had Mediterranean pizza with pesto and mozzarella (freshly made) and it was divine. I went 6 rounds with the Italian Stallion which has Schreiners Sausage, Pepperoni, Prosciutto di Parma and was it was amazing.  It sounds like it is a heavy pizza gut bomb, but this pizza was not since all the meats were thinly sliced but generously portioned.  Wash your pizza down with a refreshing Italian Birra and you are in heaven.
This is by far the best Micro Brewery in the valley.  I doubt I'll every find a better beer.  All of their brews are fantastic, you can't go wrong with the Four Peaks selection.  Last night, we had a pitcher of the RJA IPA, which was wonderful, but for any first timers, I highly recommend the Kilt Lifter. The food is also top notch.  I've never had anything on menu that I didn't enjoy.\n\nI also enjoyed that it wasn't very crowded.  I went on Saturday night at 7:15, just as the ASU game was about to kick off.  The place had a good crowd, but it wasn't packed.\n\nThe Tempe location is probably better overall.  But this is a very close second (and the parking isn't as big of a pain).
We traveled to Phoenix from Albuquerque looking for something different than your ordinary Japanese restaurant. This little gem exceeded our expectations! The low key, casual post-donut shop vibe was just what we wanted for our Monday lunch. Yes, a Japanese restaurant open on a Monday at lunch!! The owners were really cute and nice and the chef (wife) peeked her head out of the kitchen and asked how our meal was. \n\nMy mom and I had the minced tuna with green onion donburis which came with soup, salad, a skewer of chicken, and gyoza. This was a BIG meal and very authentic all for about $12. My sister had the salmon and ikura donburi which was also excellent as well and ikura donburis are hard to find nowadays...My dad had their special ramen bowl, whose name escapes me and was very tasty.\n\nOverall, I am a huge fan of this place and was surprised at the authenticity and home style cooking. Don't expect anything fancy, just good honest home style Japanese food with no frills. This is definitely a local's joint and a great value.
This store is so cute. Always so organized & neat, and very reasonable prices. All of my garments from here have lasted for months through multiple wears, washings, & dry cleanings (which you can not always count on these days unless you pay high $) The woman who works mostly M-F during the day, I can't remember her name :( is so nice and helpful. Always informative regarding sales, etc. and I never feel pressured to buy things or spend $ I don't want to. Definitely check it out for cute, cheap (around $50 & below) dresses and darling accessories!
5 stars? For a sub shop? Yup, absolutely! Subway feels like an  assembly line compared to this place. Fresh rolls, all the cold cuts are prepared and sliced as you wait. Even the olives were really good, and I'm a bit of an olive snob. \n\nI had the footlong tuna on whole wheat. The tuna was really fresh and it was a generous helping as well. Great pepper jack cheese that had a nice kick to it. I got it to go but I took a quick look around the inside and it looked clean and inviting. They had a TV mounted on the wall that had some sports playing. It had kind of a family diner feel to it. \n\nOn Sundays, any footlong cold sub is only $3.95. $3.95!!! I've paid that for a greasy pizza slice. For the same amount here you can get a delicious, fresh and healthy meal. \n\nI can see this place being on the regular Sunday lunch rotation. Besides, it's a local business so why not support them? Give it a shot...highly recommended!
"""Indiana University went to a bowl game for the first time in a crazy number of years.\n\nAnd my big little cousin is one of their defensive ends.  So it was my pleasure to end 2007 watching the Hoosiers play the Cowboys of Oklahoma State University.  I can't think of any better way to finish off what's been a crazy year...though it was improved by being joined in the stands by Nadia C. (soon-to-be G.) and her adorable fiance Ben.  \n\nI don't understand football, so the game was kinda secondary for me, but being amongst all those screaming fans, and the cheerleaders and the band was great.  I'd forgotten that energy since leaving my sports loving home town.\n\nBut the game was pretty good. Would have been better if Kellen Lewis would have completed 60% or more of his passes.  Or if the Hoosiers had won (hey coach....DEFENSE!).  But football is pretty awesome from only 5 rows up.  Add some people watching (guy in red pants and wig), constructive advice to the IU dance team (buy new uniforms...something along the lines of the sparkly orange dresses of the OSU girls), and the awesome Marching Hundred (who knew that mainstream marching bands play riding dirty).  And we had a blast./\n\nThe only downer was not being able to visit with my cousin after the game.  For \security\"""" reasons, they wouldnt let family and friends see the players at the stadium.  Since I wasn't staying at the hotel, and didn't know what hotel that was, I wasn't able to see him.  I was terribly disappointed to come all that way and not be able to give him a hug and give him a hard time about growing up to be a big burly football player.  In my head, he's still 12 and  gangly, and trying to grow into his feet and his ears.  But it's great to see that hes a \""""grown man\"""", in college, playing football and playing for a team that's getting better every season.\n\nSo GO BIG RED!  And hopefully there will be another bowl visit to kick off 2009."""""""
Splendid evening at Babaloos. Firstly, I'd like to thank Babaloos for the invitation, we had a really nice time. We've actually driven by a few times and were intrigued, but hadn't stopped in, that was a mistake! It's a very cute place, nice decor, the family seemed very nice, and well, let's get to the food, because it was absolutely scrumptious. \n\nWe arrived at 7:30ish, sat at a table and were immediately welcomed with a couple refreshing mojitos. A few minutes later Croquetas de Jamon were passed around by the servers. Trying to hide as mozzarella sticks this appetizer was much more delicate, filled with ham and a bechamel and served with a Mornay sauce. All of the tastings were paired with wine, and in this case it was a very nice chardonnay.\n\nThe second tasting was Amuse Bouche, a pineapple civiche, nice and crisp, paired with a pino grigio, which was perfect.\n\nMy favorite dish of the evening (other than the dessert, which, do not fear, I will get to) was the Camarones en Salsa Verde. Sauteed shrimp with salsa verde, which was light and fresh and wonderful, but my favorite part of the dish was the roasted tomato with tropical pesto, it was so flavorful! That was paired with a red, Montecillo Crianza, which I thought was strange, since the dish was so light, but surprisingly it worked really well together.\n\nNext was the Ropa Vieja, flank steak slow cooked for hours in red wine, tomatoes, garlic, peppers and onions served with black beans and rice. This was exactly what I wanted after the lighter dishes, substantial, well cooked and comforting.\n\nDrumroll please, the finally...TRES LECHES, dessert was amazing, I'm not exaggerating at all. My husband described it like a delicate cake served on rice pudding, but I think it was more like eating a sweet cloud at sunrise. We were pretty stuffed when the dessert arrived, but after one bite, it was impossible to stop. Seriously, must try. It was paired with an awesome aged rum, which I'm not usually a big rum drinker, but totally appreciated this one. \n\nI'm writing this review, the day after, and am already craving to go back.
"""THE GOOD\n\nWe came here on a Tuesday and then came back again the next night it was so good. On Tuesday, the owner, Lee was working and it was a great pleasure to speak with her. The girl working Wednesday night was equally kind and courteous. The minute we walked in Lee greeted us by saying \Welcome to Lee's where every hour is happy hour.\"""" What a great tag line.\n\nThe hardest part about eating ice cream here is choosing the flavor you want. Lee does offer a small selection of standard non-alcohol-infused varieties but we were there for their claim to fame.\n\nIf you check out their web site at http://leescreamliqueur.com/flavors-and-toppings-2/ you will see a long list of flavors. Not all of these is offered every night. We went two nights in a row and there were different selections one night to the next.\n\nWhen we were there the first night they were offering Strawberry Margarita, Jack Daniels Chocolate Swirl, Mango Margarita, Brandy Alexander, Chocolate Vodka Matini and several others. We tried as many as we could and then made our choices. The Jack Daniels Swirl and the Strawberry Margarita were excellent.\n\nThis is such a great idea and one I have not seen replicated anywhere else. The ice cream is served in a cup with a spoon and a garnish of toasted waffle cone. I was amazed at how good the flavors mixed together. Yes, the prices are a bit high compared to serving size but I felt it was worth it given the complexity of the recipes and the fact that this ice cream parlor needs a liquor license :)\n\nDesserts in sit-down restaurants cost considerably more and are not usually as good as this ice cream.  One reviewer says they will go to Cold Stone in the future and I will too if all I want is what everyone else offers... ice cream... but if you want a really unique frozen treat, I highly recommend Lee's Cream Liquer.\n\nNEEDS IMPROVEMENT:\nThe decor is sparse and I think is an attempt at a throwback to olde tyme ice cream parlours of the 1950's. But in my opinion, misses the mark. If going with that sort of motif I would expect to see a long service counter with soda machines, shake and malt machines behind the counter. \n\nBy contrast, I would expect a place as progressive as this one to have a very modern look, perhaps with neon and rock music playing. Again thinking about the \""""Every hour is happy hour\"""" tag line, I would expect something closer to a nightclub decor.\n\nLee's is a one trick pony.  Ice cream in a cup. If I were going to suggest anything I would suggest adding things like fountain sodas, canned beverages like red bull and monster, and coffee. Doesnt even have to be fancy coffees like espresso, but a nice cup of coffee with ice cream can be a great combination.\n\nFlavor suggestions:\nRed Bull and Vodka - this is a popular drink in the bars I frequent and I think it would make a great ice cream flavor as well.\n\nMudslide: Served frozen slushie style in typical bars, an ice cream version of the Mudslide would be fantastic."""""""
For my first Yelp review, I want to write about the best coffee ever in the best coffee bar ever.\n\nI started coming to Lola Coffee in 2009 shortly after it opened.  I was immediately hooked, not only because of the amazing coffee and pastries, but because of the staff as well.  I have never received poor service at Lola.  The staff are awesome--friendly, knowledgeable, very cool, and passionate about coffee.  They clearly take pride in their work and they always put a smile on my face.  \n\nLola is bright, open, and comfortable and there is always great music playing.  I come to Lola to study, work, or just hang out.  And if it's any indicator of how great Lola Coffee is, there are a lot of other regulars who are here each and every day.  It is a diverse mix of people and they are just as great as the staff.  \n\nThis is more than a business; it's a community with amazing coffee at its core. \n\nIf you haven't already tried Lola, my advice is to give it a shot (no pun intended). You won't be disappointed.  :)
I'm shocked I haven't yet reviewed a cafe that I've been frequenting since before the sushi invasion and even Nordstrom came to town! Yes, I am talking about the one and only Neiman Marcus Cafe. My Mom introduced the cafe to me in my younger years and I remember sitting with her and her friends and acting like a lady who lunches with the big girls. Whether it's the cafe in Scottsdale or the one overlooking Union Square in SF, the Neiman Cafes all around have one thing in common: delicious food and mouthwatering popovers! \n\nThis afternoon, Gabi M and I must have been on the wave length, because we both thought to try one of the high end retailer's cafes for lunch. Since Gabi had never been here, we decided that today was the day to visit the NM Cafe. I'm so glad we did because I have a sneaking suspicion that moving forward, I won't just be visiting this cafe with Mom but now with Gabi M as well! \n\nSo where shall I begin? This is a spot for ladies who lunch. If you're lucky enough to do some retail therapy in Neiman Marcus, this is a great cafe to rest your weary shopping feet. Or, if you just like to window shop and dream, the cafe is a great option to do so and still experience the fine Neiman Marcus service. \n\nNow I will share a little secret with you, Neiman Marcus is also owned by Bergdorf's in NYC (or vice versa), so the service and quality is pretty much the same. Fresh popovers accompanied with berry butter are placed at the tables moments after you sit down. Whether I'm enjoying the tortilla soup, a salad or sandwich, the food at the NM Cafe is always spot on. This afternoon I had the veggie wrap and added turkey. I was pleasantly surprised when a side of delicious sweet potato fries showed up with it as well! And for the calorie conscious, here's a great side note: NM Cafe lists the calories next to each item on the menu. It makes me think about what I'm eating that much more. \n\nI personally enjoy dining on the patio of the cafe since the seating inside is a bit more cramped, but since it's unbearable to be anywhere near the outdoors right now, we sat inside and it was quite lovely as well! But if you visit during nice weather months, definitely choose the patio. \n\nI'm a little selfish when it comes to this secret gem known as the NM Cafe, but since I love Yelp so much, I decided to share my love of the NM Cafe with my fellow yelpers. Visit and you won't be disappointed!
The food here is soooo good!  The first time I came I had to try the chicken chili relleno, as it came so highly recommended. I was not disappointed! It's your basic chili relleno kicked up a notch with the addition of tender pieces of chicken, cheese, onion, and black beans to the filling.  Oh, and it's also GIGANTIC, so come hungry. Although I usually get the chili relleno when I'm here, I've also tried a few other things like the chicken enchiladas. Mmm, chicken, cheese, and a creamy enchilada sauce. So good! The drinks here are also fantastic - I love the sangria, but also enjoy their mojitos.\nThe restaurant itself is so quaint; by that I mean tiny but very nice inside. They do have an outdoor patio, which is great during cooler months and helps with the space issue. Service is quick and attentive. I'm cheap, so I tend to go here for lunch when the prices are a bit lower, but the food is just as delicious.
"""NICE. Just all around nice. Helpful, pleasant, friendly, and efficient. That's what this store is. And about their products...what's not to love? Yeah, so a belt will set you back a few hundred bucks, a bag or a pen even more. My friend made certain that I left with a big girl wallet so I can now be a real professional, or something like that. Well, whatever about the wallet but I LOVE everything else in this beautiful store. Great products and service? Exactly what you want when you're dropping extra on something special. The staff assured me the wallet will \last forever,\"""" which was exactly what I needed to hear. \n\nWe knew what we wanted, they got it out, got it ready to go, explained the warranty, etc., and all with a smile. \n\nI will be back."""""""
I am a movie WHORE. I've rated 2500 movies on Netflix. I used to wait in line for the midnight premieres. Camelview holds some very special memories for me. if it's sheik but not on the AMC, daddy warbucks studio fatheads' approved list, it might get a chance at the Camelview. Now of course we have Netflix, but some of those jewels deserve a proper screen. Thanks to Dan for making it happen.\n\nEnchanted April\nMuch Ado About Nothing (saw it about 40 times in the theater)\nThe Joy Luck Club\nPi\nAmelie\nMadness of King George\nRemains of the Day\n\nCounter service is sketchy, but as the years go by, so come and go the pimply teens on their first jobs. Now if only we can break the ratings board. If you haven't seen it, check Unrated.
Frank Lloyd Wright is one my favorite architects.  He was a futuristic visionary of his period.  Even though his designs were popular after the turn of the century, today his style can still be considered contemporary in the sense of the word Modern.  You can take a docent guided tour in which you are lead to his living quarters, theater, the school, the reflection pool, and landscaping.  There is an apprenticeship training by the architects of the Taliesin Fellowship as well as professionals in the field.  As you are guided through the home, you'll hear how tragedy struck his family.  \n\nThis is a must see if you are traveling to Phoenix.
Very attentive service and very good food.  Also, I was impressed that the iced tea was nice and fresh.  So I am a dork and didn't try the steak or any of the beers.  I had a grilled cheese sandwich that was a gourmet masterpiece and every cheese lovers dream.  The sandwich came with a delicious tomato soup.  Also, split the artichoke crab dip.  It was good too.  I am looking forward to returning to try some beer and enjoy guy-watching.
This place is the best place I've eaten out of all the times I've visited the Phoenix area. My friends took me here when I was visiting last weekend and I really hope we go back next time I'm in town! The cornbread was amazingly delicious with the jalapenos inside and caramelized top. I split the chicken, green rice, and cucumber salad with one of my friends and the other ordered the ribs. Of course we all sampled each others meals. The ribs are without a doubt the best I've ever had and I would make that my standard order as the meat literally falls off the bone before you bite into it! The chicken was great, but not really covered in bbq sauce; it was moist and came off the bone easily. Rice was great and something I've never heard of before; I forget what was in it exactly, but I think it was cilantro or something similar. Cucumber salad was fantastic with it's cucumber, avocado, corn, greek olives, fresh feta cheese and peppers. I had a really great glass of Riesling from a German winery; wish I could remember which one it was, but it was very smooth. The waitstaff was fast and courteous. I love that there is a dress code for guys as it adds to the classiness of this place.
Casey Moore's is my favorite place to meet friends and enjoy an evening catching up. \nThe appetizers are consistently great and the veggie burger (get the chipotle mayo!) is perfection.\nIt gets extremely crowded on Thursdays, Fridays & Saturdays (11-close). Although that doesn't stop me from going, if you are hoping to find a place to sit without stalking getter-uppers, you'd beter go Sun - Wed night.  Dinner hours are almost always accessible. \nI'm a veg, so I can't comment on the seafood....But my friend Skye hearts the oysters!
"""This is my first fancy restaurant in Arizona, and it certainly deserves to be one of the best; one I will return to for special occasions. \n\nMy wife picked it as a romantic spot for her birthday, and it didn't disappoint. \n\nThis place is awesome. You drive in, the palm-lined circular driveway instantly transports you elsewhere. The valet takes your car, and you pass through passageways of intricate lighting patterns. Warmly welcomed into the dining room, which is surrounded in brick, long drapes, and exposed beams to give a classy but comfortable feel. The chairs have nice comfortable cushions for a long stay. \n\nWaitstaff were all friendly and as fast or laid back as you want them to be. \n\nOne thing that I really note is the bread course. Is the bread hot or cold? How is it served? Here, a small loaf of Italian bread with the signature dustings of flour, signifying an \artisan\"""" bread, was served with a small bowl of fresh pesto sauce. The bread was hot, the crust crispy, the sauce deelish. It was a good omen. \n\nThe food was all first-rate. While I had a vegetarian string: yummy Quorn empenadas, pear salad, and the delicately fried stuffed squash blossoms, my wife had the escargots napoleon (she loved it), the lobster bisque (which I tried--great flavor), and the Meditteranean Lamb. I also had a side dish of potato puree--creamy garlicky heaven! \n\nIt is an expensive place, but I would say it is worthwhile, and definitely good for a special night. The food was delicious and servings reasonable: if you get all the courses, you can actually take some home! The dessert menu was quite extensive, too. I think enough to please everyone. I definitely would go back sometime--just make sure you have money in the bank, know what I mean?"""""""
They just celebrated their 1st year anniversary around July 4th. They have great food at an even better then average price. The staff has always been wonderful and the owners are there all the time making sure everything runs smoothly. Tuesday nights they have a special Taco & Tequila special for $20. The standard taco meal with 2 shots of tequila to sample or 4 half shots if you prefer. One of these Tuesday night I'm going to get there for that special!
Just when I thought I wouldn't find a coffee shop that wasn't a Starbucks, I saw the swirly letters of Lola beckoning to me like elegant, welcoming fingers. I just knew that there would be caffeinated delights waiting for me behind the glass door!\n\nI haven't had an iced coffee since October. It's been a long, cold winter here in KC and for me, this means copious amounts of hot coffee. Being that in Phoenix it was in the 70s, I was happy to be able to have the taste of spring in an iced Americano with two raw sugars. They make a damn good cup here, plus the barista is super nice, even when inundated with non drip coffee orders. \n\nI had to take it to go, but I loved the cozy, rustic environment.  There's one large communal white wooden table, and then a bunch of smaller wood tables throughout the shop with metal chairs that conjure up images of a 1930s school house. When I was there the last week of January, they had a mesmerizing photography exhibit, with several enormous prints that I'm not going to even try explaining (I uploaded several pics). \n\nI have a strong feeling if I lived in Phoenix, this would be my go-to coffee shop for work, meetings, or just hanging out. And of course, getting that perfect cup to go.
I had my wedding recently at Tre Bella and I couldn't have pictured a more beautiful, organized, and romantic venue. Kim was amazing and made the whole wedding planning process a breeze. She answered every email promptly and was always there to help. Every single guest complemented my husband and I on our choice of venue. Kim has really put together a chic, romantic vibe to the venue with her many choices of decor and lighting ambiance. \n\nKim's choice in vendors alone was perfect. I honestly couldn't have picked better and it made it really nice that everyone knew where to go and what to do without worrying if someone would get lost or not show. Plus if you are a planning your wedding, you know the stress of trying to find the right vendor and with Tre Bella that's not even an issue. I also want to stress how amazing the DJ was. Guests told me multiple times that they hardly ever dance at weddings but this DJ set the mood and had everyone bumpin on the dance floor!\n\nOverall I rate this place a 10 out of 10. \n\nAs for the low reviews....I don't really understand. The only thing I can come up with is that they must be very high maintenance?
I'm vegetarian so I just had the waffles and eggs the first day we went... aside from the line and it taking 10 minutes to get our name on the list, the food was definitely worth the wait. A friend of mine and I were on a road trip, read the awesome reviews here and we were not disappointed! The next morning we CRAVED the waffles. We went back and filled our tummy's with more amazing noms. My friend that went with me recommends the chicken legs instead of the breasts though, she said the breasts were a little dry. Who knew this would actually go together?!?!?! We were amazed. AWESOME PLACE!! I'm driving threw there again in a few days and we are definitely going back!
Located in the space formerly occupied by LGO's short lived Radio Milano, the north side of Campbell has been reincarnated as the Arcadia Room, a private dining facility operated by the aforementioned restaurant group.\n\nI dined here recently for the hubby's work dinner. Unlike so many private facilites that feel like a corporate conference room, the Arcadia Room is a cool, casual, restaurant - all to your self.\n\nWe had about 60 in our group, and had plenty of room to mingle at the sleek bar lining one side of the room, or gather by the open kitchen.The weather was blazing hot when we were there, but there is even a lovely little patio outdoors for guests.\n\nI think this would be an ideal location for any work or social occasion where you want an intimate atmosphere combined with reputable fare.
Souper Salad is legit !\n\nEspecially, when you score their coupons.  As a matter of fact, I am about to redeem mine this week.  \n\n$4.44 for an all you can eat salad, soup and other delicious items that they have ?  \n\nOh yeah, suck on that Sweet Tomatoes !\n\nTo score their coupons all you have to do is sign up for their emails from their website.  They send out coupons consistently but this one $4.44 is by far the best one since I signed up.\n\nLook, this location anyway, might not be the best looking but once inside you have unlimited salads, soups, pasta salad ( small selection ) bake potatoes, ice cream, pizza etc.\n\nRegular price I believe is $6.99 and an beverage is $1.99 save your money and just drink water !\n\nSweet Tomatoes is expensive I believe $8.99 plus the price of your drink and they are no different than Souper Sald.  They seem like they have a larger buffett but they don't because both sides of the buffets have the same offerings.  Its designed to move you along quicker because they certainly are not offering you more.\n\nSouper Salad is as good as it gets !\n\nThey are at least $2 cheaper and when you multiply that by a family of four ?  That's an $8 savings !
I have been here about a handful of times, the last time at a company Christmas dinner with my husband.  They were very generous with the appetizers for about 12 people and the service was excellent.\n\nMaybe it was the holiday spirit, but the mood just seemed great for a chill and relaxed evening with my hubby's coworkers.  No one even ordered alcohol, which was probably good because we would have been there all night.\n\nThe few other times I have been to Switch was with alcohol and their mixed drinks are really good.  There was a pomegranate and vodka drink that I recall being very original and tasty.  I think one of  their happy hours it's two for one, so ended up having at least two of the same thing.\n\nAnd any place that can serve lobster mac and cheese for about 10 bucks is always worth going to.
Yet ANOTHER hidden CenPho gem in the middle of stripmall-nowhereland to slap anyone who complains about Phoenix with upside the head. Outside, you see crappy doors to shady looking establishments and maybe a crackhead or two. Inside, you're whisked away to up-scale Santa Fe cooking with a roaring fire to your left. A Southwestern food lover's paradise. \n\nI tried the green chile stew, priced at $14. It was the most delicious stew/chile thingie I've ever had, period. I almost wanted to lick the bowl when I was done. Our service, during a busy lunchtime, was outstanding. \n\nOpen til midnight every night of the week. How the hell did I not discover this place sooner?
We hired FlashBash PhotoBooths for our holiday party with about 400 people in attendance.  We were anticipating about half the people wanting to use the booth, and a short 3 hour window of time after dinner.  \n\nI was absolutly THRILLED with Ali and Mick, who were amazing.  They had everything set up well ahead of time, and were very accommodating to pass out wristbands at our request to use the booth.  They went above and beyond, and I was able to enjoy our event as a guest knowing they had everything in complete control.  \n\nOur pictures were up and ready to download the next day, and within 2 days I recieved a full CD of all the photos, and a very nice thank you from Ali and Mick. \n\nI would refer FBPB to anyone wanting their event to really stand out.  The picture quality was amazing, much better than those booths that spit out a grainy photostrip.  We had pictures full of people because their booth held up to 12 people, and our employees can't stop talking about how much fun it was.   \n\nCheers to an amazing company with great customer service, professionalism, and quality!
Husband and I were visiting the fam for Thanksgiving weekend and since nobody wanted to cook, we decided on AJ's for their fabulous Thanksgiving pre-cooked spread.  I must say....it was one of THE BEST Thanksgiving meals I have EVER had (sorry Mom and Dad!)\nWe ordered the meal for 6-8 people which included a Turkey, gravy, sweet potatoes, mashed potatoes, green beans almondine, rolls, stuffing, and cranberry relish for the amazing price of $130.  All we did was reheat the turkey in the oven for 2 1/2 hours and bam.....it was ready!  I have absolutely no complaints about this meal.   The turkey was extremely juicy and tasty...along with all the sides.  We were all satisfied!  \nOh yeah and I forgot they also included a Pumpkin Pie which was DEEEELISH!!! :)\nThe leftovers were even better then next day!
After a long night of entertaining guests there is no better reward than coffee for all the hard work done. And coffee did I get. I always passed by this place since I work in the same plaza where this place is located, but never had a chance to go into it. Its a very chic coffee shop tucked away from the busy main street and truly a gem if you decide to visit. As soon as you enter your senses are greeted by the smell of roasting coffee and an ambient atmosphere. Here is a break down:\n\nPros:\n\n1. Comfortable: The place is littered with plush comfortable chairs ranging in shapes and sizes. However if you prefer wooden chairs there are plenty of those too. The music isn't over powering which gives no opportunity for it to become a distraction or annoyance. \n\n2. Staff: The Batista's where very kind and knowledgeable in their jobs. Also they are not afraid to chat with you for a tid bit while you order and pay.\n\n3. Text Message Ordering: This thing is the bomb. All I have to do is text my order to them and pick it up at the store without waiting in line!\n\n4. Rock Springs Pie: For those of you who are not familiar with who Rock Springs is, it is a small little diner in the middle of no where on the way to Flagstaff. They are known for their pies which, might I add, are divine. If you love pie and don't want to drive half way to Prescott, then i suggest you stop by here and pick some up! I suggest the Jack Daniels Pecan Pie!\n\nCons:\n\n1. Busy: Sometimes it gets really busy in here and seats can be scarce, however don't let that deter you because there are always seats outside.\n\n2. Food Time Limits: Some of their food are only made at certain times. For example, the crepes are no longer available after 8pm. \n\nOver all I fell in love with place which is a bit strange for a picky person like me, but this place really made an excellent first impression. I think this just became my favorite coffee shop, for now.
Love this place. \n\nWent here on a Wednesday night (avoid Thursdays unless you like pickup bars with guys wandering out of the bar and into the seating area)\n\nThey have a huge seating area with teppanyaki tables in part of it, and a big bar in about 1/3 of the place.  \n\nThe Happy hour prices made it worth going (before 7pm)\n\nVEGAS roll is the bomb, Spicy tuna is excellent. \n\nIf you can look past the music and the cheeseballs at the bar on the way in and out, this is some GREAT sushi.  Don't bring a date on Thursday!
I can't get enough of Wildflower Bread Company! Can you tell?\nDid you know they use wild Alaskan salmon in their salads,etc? \nDid you know they use cage-free, antibiotic-free, hormone-free chicken in their chicken dishes? \nAlways very fresh, always consistent, delicious food--and that's as close to perfect as a restaurant can get! \nI finally tried something a little different today: 1/2 roast beef and gorgonzola sandwich and 1/2 Caesar salad...FABULOUS! Every bite was pure deliciousness! \nAlthough I'm trying to cut the sweets, I'm going to indulge in a cupcake or a piece of cake next visit....they look wonderful, as well! \nThis place ROCKS!
We've taken so many of our friends to Joe's and they love it just as much as we do. Their menu is pretty simple but that's the way to do it. Our favorites are the grilled pizzas: both the BBQ chicken and the Veggie. The line can be unreal sometimes but it usually goes pretty quick. The food is great, the reason for the 4 stars is sometimes the staff can be a little unresponsive or flat out ignore you until you say excuse me. This has generally happened when we do takeout and I go straight to the pick up counter. Overall, great place to dine.
My wife, 1 year old daughter, and I stayed at the Hotel Valley Ho for spring break. It turned out to be a great decision! We had picked the hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews. We were pleasantly surprised to also find out that it is a 4 diamond AAA hotel as well. \n\nWe were most pleased with the location and the facilities. With a 1 year old we needed to be close to convenience shops, grocery, etc. and that was definitely the case. It was also great to be able to take walks in Old Town Scottsdale. We also were able to take the short 5 minute drive to Camelback Mountain for a hike. \n\nWe definitely wanted to experience all the hotel had to offer, and the pool, spa, and restaurant did not disappoint. The pool and hot tubs were at good temperatures. The poolside bar and service was nice and inexpensive. Our massages were also at a great price thanks to a weekday promotion. The restaurant also had a weekday happy hour which we took advantage of twice during our stay with $3 drinks and $5 appetizers that were delicious. \n\nIt seems that the hotel also draws a nice, diverse crowd. We saw couples, small families, larger families, and the facilities were not too crowded. We were nervous about the noise level with our little one, but that totally turned out to be a non-factor. She was able to get all of her naps in and sleep well through the night.\n\nThe room itself was fantastic! The bed was comfortable. The shower had great pressure and temperature. The lighting was perfect. The balcony was serene. We loved our room!\n\nWe really only had a few small complaints with our stay. Our breakfast room service came 30 minutes early one day. However, I did change it half way through the order, so I am sure they just wrote the first time down and forgot to change it. Also, one night I turned the A/C down to a cooler temp, and I don't know if that caused it, but we had a wet spot on the carpet underneath the A/C the next morning. Actually, the most annoying thing was that all of the in-room refrigerators were taken and we had to continually get ice to keep milk for our baby cold. \n\nOverall, we loved our stay at the Hotel Valley Ho, and would love to go back! It is definitely recommended!
Walking into Red is a serious problem for most: you're confronted with what is easily the most beautiful selection of vintage furniture in Phoenix... and the prices are astronomical. I used to complain about this until I became aware of what the going prices are for the same exact items in coastal cities. Phoenix: we got it good; stop complaining.\n\nWe recently showed our home for the first time on a historic home tour. A Tudor Revival built in 1931, we've always struggled to find the right furniture, accents and fixtures to fit the antique style with our modern tastes. We went to Red hoping just to find some inspiration, but after explaining to the owner what we were doing, he offered to send someone to review our space.\n\nWe ended up with a suede 60's era danish couch and two leather chairs that made the rest of our interior look downright stupid. We ended up redecorating, paint and all, to better suit the new furniture. It was a lot of work but well worth it.\n\nWe now are on the verge of a full-blown vintage furniture addiction that is only being held back by our income. I've actually considered putting off plans to travel the world and raise a family in order to get the perfect coffee table.
"""My girlfriend and I stopped to have lunch here a few months ago. The name \The House at Secret Garden\"""" says it all. The location is a beautful secluded house with intimate and pleasant landscaped surroundings. \n\nI ordered the roasted cauliflower soup and she ordered the grilled chicken with salad. The soup was really delicious and her chicken smelled heavenly. We both finished our meals and then headed outside to walk into the \""""secret garden.\"""" We sat in a shaded grass area in between the tall trees and chatted. \n\nWe enjoyed our time there, the food and scenery were great, so we both agreed we would eventually come back."""""""
I joined a friend for a two hour evening ride at CCO. We were the only two riders, may be because it was a Sunday eve and all the tourists were drinking their mimosas by their hotel pools.\nThe horses looked very well taken care of. Mine was 17 year old Sundance, a beautiful brown male. I've never ridden before, and he was easy to control. Our guide Ed was patient, funny and awesome company. He showed me the basics and was always there with a word of encouragement and a tip or two.\nTip for the guys, if you plan to trot, wear tight jeans, you will be thankful at the end of the day. The city slicker that I am,\nI left my phone in my shirt pocket, ended up dropping it while on the ride and Ed helped us go look for it. The desert, sun set over the mountains and the sandstorm about 30 miles away all made this a very memorable evening.\nI highly recommend CCO.
This is the coolest restaurant I've been to in a long time.  I went to Tradiciones today for a Sauza training.  I didn't get to eat in the actual restaurant, but I did try the food they put out for us in the banquet room and it was delicious.  They had taquitos, enchiladas, burritos, quesadillas (delicious!), rice, beans, fruit, chips and salsa.  They also had our own private bartender set up so everyone could get drinks (including mango, strawberry and blueberry margaritas) during the meeting.\n\nOur banquet room had huge murals covering the walls, and vibrant colors everywhere you looked.  The rest of the restaurant was decorated to feel as if you were in someone's sprawling home in Mexico City.  It's a very authentic looking place, and as you walk in, you'll feel like you're in a little mercado, with booths where people are selling clothes and other items. \n\nThey also have an area outside where people can order items like enchilada sauce and meat.  Pretty cool.  If you're hungry for tradition, screw Macayo's and come to the real deal at Tradiciones!
AMAZING!! I found the review in New Times (a local paper) and had relatively low expectations going in because with a name like Two Hippies I expected just kitsch. I was soooo wrong! \nI had a hot dog, Mushroom Burger and Fat Ass Burger (which consists of garlic aioli, swiss cheese and sauteed mushrooms) all meats were charbroiled, moist, and very well seasoned. \nThe fries are shoestring and are very well salted. \nI tried the sweet potato fries which I've never had before--they were excellent!! \nThe seating is limited, the owner is no frills, the food is GREAT!\nHighly recommended to all who want a good solid meal.
"""I will recommend Mariee Gallery a million times over to any of my girlfriends that are getting married. It was the first and only bridal store I visited when buying my wedding gown.\n\nFrom the very beginning, Carrie was so extremely sweet and helpful. I had my eye on a particular dress, which she just so happened to have! It was kismet. She answered my initial questions quickly and kindly via email and setting up an appointment was swift and painless. When I walked into the store with my mother, aunt, and two bridesmaids, Carrie greeted us with a giant smile and the warmest of welcomes. \n\nShe and her staff really make you feel like you're the only bride in the world. The attention to detail is fantastic. What I especially appreciated about Carrie is that she is open and honest with her opinions when it comes to dresses that \work\"""" for you. It's obvious that she won't try to sell you on something that's not a 100% perfect fit just for the sake of making a sale. As I was going through the racks to make my initial selections, I pulled a dress that was 3x my budget and she told me right away, before I even tried it on. I thought that was so great! You can tell that she's passionate about her job and that made the experience that much better. Plus, she's got a background in fashion so she's really an expert.\n\nMy dress came in early and I was actually out of town when it was delivered. Mariee kindly held on to my dress while I was gone that week and when I went to pick it up it was again such a smooth process. The dress was perfect. I was so in love!\n\nMariee is a fantastic locally owned bridal store. Definitely check them out!"""""""
This my jam!\n\nWhen I moved from Tempe to Downtown Phoenix, I was a little devastated that I would be out of reach of my home away from home, Gold Bar. But 'twas OK because I worked the night shift, so most independent coffee shops were open before I left for work at 6PM. So whatever my boyfriend brought home on his way home from work is what I would drink before I went to work.\n\nBut then, I got a job where I had to be at work at 8AM! Where was I to go to get my iced mocha so early that wasn't Starbucks and wasn't 15 minutes away?? I had been to Conspire before, but the hours were different. Then I learned they were open nice and early, and within a quick 1 minute drive from my home.\n\nThe coffee is good.\n\nPlus they sell some cute, quirky items.\n\nI visit it at least 5 day a week, so that warrants 5 stars.
I love their food, period!  I've been to this place for many times(whenever I'm in Arizona) and I always received the excellent food & the service :). I think there are couple of servers working at Wong's for a long time and I noticed that they are very royal to the customers.  My tea pot is always full and my water glass is refilled without asking.\nTo me, it is a comfortable family Chinese restaurant that you can go as a group of friends & family occasionally.  The interior decor isn't that  impressive or a style of up to date, but it is a clean restaurant that I can enjoy my tasty Chinese dishes any time at Wong's.  \n\nSizzling Rice Soup(must have item!!)\nMandarin Tofu(usually comes w/fried tofu but u can ask for reg tofu)\nBeef w/Baby Boc Choy\nCristal Shrimp(if u r a mayo lover)\nFried Chicken w/Garlic sauce\nFYI:  if you are in a special diet, you have no option of getting brown rice here :(\n\nWell, I am definitely coming back to Wong's on my next weekend trip here in AZ :D
"""After two consecutive, relishing visits, I have declared La Condesa as my numero uno taco joint in the valley of the \Bertos\"""". The obscure and hoody street it resides on has always kept me hesistating until one day! Before I immersed myself into the unknown, I had to do some Yelp investigation.  I wanted to know which taco(s) in particular people were raving about.  Coincidintally, the ones people tipped about were the ones I also adored! \n\nI kept seeing Yelpers talk about them dogfish shark tacos, so I knew I had to order those first along with the can't-go-wrong carne asada! First thing that happens upon entering the cool, wooden door, you place your order at the counter and find an open seat once a number is assigned to you. \n\nBeing that they specialize in tacos, I focused on just that (for now)! They do have burritos and other things but its all about the tacos!  Here are your options:\n\n1 Taco: $2.99, will not fill you up, but it is still a decent size.\n\n2 Taco Plate: $6.99, you get 2 tacos of the same core ingredient (ie. Carne Asada, Fish) plus 2 sides (refried beans and rice)\n\n2 Mix Taco Plate: $8.29, you get to choose any 2 tacos from the menu, plus the sides I mentioned.\n\nBeverage is additional.\n\nWhat I have tried thus far:\n\n1. Dogfish Shark Taco:  Killer! What makes these so awesome is in the beer batter!  They are super crispy, hot and the fish itself is still soft and moist!  \n\n2. Shrimp: Again, Killer! Comes out very similar to the shark tacos, except it is shrimp!\n\n3. Carne Asasada: Holy cannoli folks! Some might argue that America's Taco Shop are better but I would say the quality and taste is near even!  Condesa might edge them with its overall composition and various salsas!  It had that mesquitte, charred off the grill kind of taste and cut perfectly to fit into a taco!\n\n4. Cochinita Pibil (Pork): The first three tacos I mentioned were pretty darn good! But this one stood out quite well on its own.  It was savory and packed with excellent flavors!  As the menu stated, it was slow-cooked, fork tender!\n\nThe 2 sides-\n\nRefried Beans: Excellent! \nRice: Excellent! perfectly cooked!\n\nThe cool part about dining here is enjoying their Salsa Bar! If I recall correctly , there were about 10 different salsas to choose from!  The tricky part is pairing it with the taco you just ordered! Experiment, I say! As part of every order they bring you a basket of warm, house chips!\n\nFrom the outside, you would never assume that such a great taco place existed, but once you step inside you know something good is about to happen!  Every wall has some sort of hip and contemporary Mexican art, from flowers to people.  The overall decor is very tasteful and upbeat!\n\nStaff members are very friendly and courteous!\n\nI took my office colleagues out during my second visit and they have nothing but positive responses and is begging to come back for more!\n\nWhether you are a connoiseur of Mexican cuisine, tacos or just love eating good food, I highly advise you stop by!  For the overall great taste and value, its hard to beat this cool taco spot that will please all your senses!"""""""
I don't normally write reviews for places like Dunkin Donuts....only if something truly awful or truly exceptional happens there.\n\nMy friends, something truly exceptional happened at this DD.  They serve hot chocolate out of the machine.  \n\nFor those that don't know this is the most wonderful, chocolatel-y, hot chocolate you could ever want.  Its so good.  I've tried several DDs in the Valley and most of them don't carry it at all, and one made it with steamed milk all fancy like.  This is the real deal.....the moment that chocolate-y goodness went down my throat I was in heaven.  \n\nTheir donuts did look small but I was there for one reason and one reason only.....and now I know where to go to get my fix.
So, I am sorta new to Indian food.  I was introduced to it last year by my Indian coworkers and I am hooked.  This place is by far my favorite.  I liked it from my first visit, the waiter was helpful, knowledgeable and put up with my indecisiveness.  \n\nI have liked everything that I've tried here and I've tried a lot. I usually go with my Indian friends and therefore get to try new things that I might not have ordered for myself.  My personal favorites are the Chicken Korma, Chicken Tikka Masala, and some sort of shrimp dish that I don't remember the name of at the moment.  \n\nThey usually have a belly dancer on the weekend which is always fun to watch.
Pure ice cream heaven! Honestly, I couldn't imagine anything more perfect to take the Arizona heat out of your mind! I had never been to their physical location before, but I had tasted their yummy cold concoctions at various events when they brought out their food truck. The staff are friendly at both and the ice cream is just as good in the truck or in their store. \n\nI had the Peanut Butter Chip and Almond Buttercrunch this time around, both new flavors to me! They were better than I expected, which is pretty hard to do. Both were so creamy and delicious with great flavorts of peanut butter and dark chocolate and almonds and butter toffee respectively. I think that Almond Buttercrunch would have to be my favoritte out of the two.\n\nThey are pretty adventurous with their flavors. Some better than others. I can say I tried a truffle ice cream they had to try something new and I wasn't a fan, but I like that they create not your average flavors. I have also had the Salted Butter Caramel and Madagascar Vanilla which are both worth their own few scoops. Definitely a place to have a sweet treat after dinner or a scorching day at work. I can't wait to go back! \n\nIt was near vacant when I went, but it was around the time they opened, but they have late hours on the weekends.
Was looking for a non-chain breakfast place in Mesa and picked Red Mountain Cafe based on the yelp ratings. \n\nWe were seated immediately and our waitress came over right away to take our drink order. Whenever we ran low on coffee it was refilled promptly without having to ask for refills. \n\nI had the bacon & eggs breakfast, and hubby had the veggie omelet. Both were cooked perfectly and the hash browns were delicious as well. The food arrived quickly after we placed our order. \n\nAll staff was very friendly and courteous. Will definitely go back again and would recommend to anyone looking for a great breakfast place.
Today was my first experience with the Minute Clinic at CVS on Chandler Blvd.  I went to the minute clinic based on a recommendation from my co-worker (after I confirmed it was an in-network provider through my insurance).  To start,  I did not have to wait longer than it took for me to fill out my information on the computer.  The NP listened to what I told her, she did a quick (but thorough) health history, and after a quick check to confirm the diagnosis-I was on my way.  My prescription was sent electronically to my pharmacy, got my printed instructions, and that was it!! \n\nI would highly recommend this fast alternative for anyone who, like myself, does not have time to schedule (and keep) an appointment with the doctor, especially for something simple (i.e. sinus infection).   It was so convenient and fast.  The NP was knowledgeable and very nice; she even gave me a recommendation to a specialist.  I will be returning for my flu shot in a couple of weeks.
Sidebar is a somewhat hidden-in-plain-sight gem of a bar in downtown Phoenix. Nestled subtly above a Starbucks on 7th Ave at McDowell, this bar is a MUST SEE AND BE SEEN AT! It's a very small, prohibition style bar.... unknown to most people, and happy to stay that way. Sunday night is industry night, and it gets pretty insane, like wall to wall packed, 20 minutes to order a drink, and don't even bother trying to use the single toilet bathroom BUSY! Monday is Margarita Monday... get there early for a free taco bar and $4.25 margaritas!\n\nThe atmosphere here is upscale, yet very comfortable, which probably has to do with the cozy couches and armchairs lining the walls! The beer and cocktail lists are nothing short of impressive, boasting a wide selection and freshly muddled drinks! And to top it all off: great tunes to set the mood!
"""I want to live here. My mom and aunt took me here for a birthday lunch. We walked in and I was in love. It was just as it said, all Luxe. They sat us in a booth in the bar and at first I thought, gee great, we look like boozers. Then I went to the restroom and saw the other seating. Not bad, but much more crowded and not nearly as intimate as our area. The waitress was efficient but didn't hover. Then came the food. First of all, it took us twenty minutes to decide what to have because everything sounded great. The menu said they are owned by Cheesecake Factory and it's kinda obvious. Similar feel but on a grander scale. Not so \shi-shi\"""" that you're uncomfortable. Just lots of great little touches in decor. I love the lighting. If I could have pulled a lamp off the wall and shoved it in my purse I would have. Now, the food. I ordered the half chicken salad sandwhich and a cup of cream of chicken and mushroom soup. I thought this would be a small meal. Wrong. It was giant. The sandwhich was stacked sky high with perfect chicken salad. Not too mushy. And the soup, the best I've ever had. Seriously. I almost bought some to go. Mine also came with a salad on the plate. Not as large as a side salad but just enough to compliment the meal and the italian dressing was really great. My Mom had the asian chicken salad and loved it. My aunt had half a pizza and it was also huge. She also loved hers. We of course were too stuffed to have a dessert, but they offer the basic Cheesecake factory dishes and a few specials all their own. Will have to go back for drinks and dessert. Can't wait!"""""""
Screw ice cream, I'm converting to Gelato!\nAlways was a huge fan of gelato but to be honest, I have been disappointed to many times here in the States by little shops trying to get it right. FROST however hit the nail on the head! This place packs a bunch of flavor into one amazing product! All of the flavors I've tried, and believe me there were a lot, where outstanding.\n\nSo if your in the area, swing in and try some flavors. Don't be shy, they say you can try all!
The Wilkins Family is hands down the best, most loving environment possible! My son went there for Preschool last year, my daughter is currently in the Preschool program-  and now that they offer Pre-K and Kindergarten, my daughter will continue there!\nThe teachers are the most hands on- loving I have ever seen in a school. Every day when they walk in the door- the teachers run up to them and hug them and pick them up and tell them how much they love them. And it is GENUINE! \nI wish she could stay through hughschool! :)
The original Cornish Pasty Company location for the area remains its best. \n\nThe selection of pasties is excellent and there's something to please everyone even though it isn't the best place to take vegans or diabetics. Peppered Steak (perfect flavor balance) is my favorite option, when it is in stock, falling back on the suitably spicy Lamb Vindaloo (not too fiery but still true to the idea), and Cottage Pie (comfort food!).\n\nBeers on tap are snob-friendly and hipster-approved. I see a lot of couples enjoying the laid back bar seating and low lighting for maximum coziness when the music gets a little loud. The tables for two which line the narrow entry/dining area main drag are intimate but too close to the oven doors, both literally and figuratively when accounting for the actual entry door, when the restaurant is sweltering in the summer. \n\nWhile seating is not large (4+) party friendly there are delivery and takeout options!
"""I secretly moved back to this area of the country strictly for the In-N-Out Burger factor.. Nothing anywhere compares to it. In fact, after my last visit I was reminded how perfectly delicious it is and I am changing my last meal on earth to an animal style burger, well done fries and a Neapolitan milkshake. It really is the American dream.\n\nI am always fascinated when I walk into any on of their establishments. Always clean yet so disorderly.. The lines are always retarded long, and there are always people standing everywhere, but somehow they never fail to deliver every meal hot, fresh, delicious and FAST. I have NEVER encountered a broken ATM inside either.\n\nNot everyone is aware of their \secret menu\"""", with items such as the 2x4, flying Dutchman, the protein style burger and my fave, animal style... In fact, the secret items actually outnumber the items legitimately on the menu which only consists of a Hamburger, Cheeseburger, Double-Double, French Fries, Coca-Cola products and three shakes: chocolate, vanilla and strawberry, of course. I'm pretty sure you can download a PDF of their menu somewhere online, but even if you don't know the terms, the employees at In-N-Out will pretty much do anything to a burger if you ask them.. I also recommend the fries well done.. otherwise they are kind of soggy. \n\nNow I am hungry, I think I've decided whats for lunch!"""""""
I just came back from the candle lighting ceremony at my church for my Greek Orthodox Easter. So Xristos Anesti to all the Orthodox Christians out there. Right before midnight, the church goes black and we all have our candles ready. Then each of our candles gets lit from the person next to us until everyone has a lit candle. The ceremony is so beautiful that I started crying. At that moment when we celebrate Christ rising, I feel so spiritual and close to him. I felt something pass through my body. Another year, another Easter, another beautiful ceremony. Xristos Anesti kai Xronia Polla.
I found Andrea when I bought a Living Social deal. I'm so glad I bought it! It truly was the best facial I have ever had, and I am a spa junkie.\n\nAndrea does a massage like facial with no machines and uses all fresh organic products. When I left I felt like I had a full body massage I was so relaxed. \n\nI also like the fact she gives recommendations but does not push products on you.\n\nI can't wait to go back for a fantastic facial and try other services she provides (waxing, tanning etc).
I had to travel all the way to Phoenix for some good fried chicken!!  After a super hot day of walking through the Botanical Gardens, the only thing that got me through was thinking about checking out Lo-Lo's and the let me tell you that they didn't disappoint!  The place was packed at 5pm but we luckily got in super fast.  Our table tried a little bit of everything.  The Chicken and Waffles, Fried Catfish, Fried Redfish, Collard Greens, and the Gizzards.  Let me start with my favorite, the fried chicken.  Delicious!!  Perfectly seasoned and crispy.  It's hard to find a place where they put the right seasonings in the fried chicken, but Lo-Lo's got it just right.   A great balance of seasoning to give the chicken some zing and super crispy.  The catfish was great, with a similar seasoning.  Nice big filets and not greasy at all, same goes for the redfish.  The redfish was like a southern version of fish and chips.  I'm not a fan of gizzards, but Lo-Lo's got it right so that they were tender instead of rubbery and how can it fail smothered with gravy?  Let's also not forget the waffle, damn that thing was good, with some cinnamon or something in the batter so that it was just a good without the syrup.  \n\nI'm also an unsweetened tea kind of girl now, but Lo-Lo's brought back memories with their sweetened tea in big mason jars, just perfect.\n\nThe service was great as well.  Enjoy the ambiance b/c it was authentic and the people that waited on us were awesome.\n\nI'll be making Lo-Lo's a permanent stop on all my trips back to Phoenix!!
OOOMMMMMGGGGGG! I'm still getting over how amazing the food and service here was! We ate there tonight and I have to say, there is absolutely nothing bad I can say about this place. I ordered the vegetarian platter and the almond baklava, while my boyfriend got the chicken feta. The food is so fresh and healthy, I kept forgetting that I was downing a veritable feast of Middle Eastern goodness! \n\nThe man who served us, Ali, is the pinnacle of great customer service and he will keep you happy through and through. The nice lady who works there is great, too. You will not regret your visit to Sahara...now come here, ASAP!!!!!!!!
"""Woah, this place is great!  On my first visit I walked in and was immediately greeted by 4 different \hello\""""'s, \""""welcome\""""'s, and smiling faces.  What a warm welcome right off the bat.\n\nIt was a little hard to find, but once you find it, you will be so glad you did.  Their food is amazing!  I have been twice now and have had their pork chops, hot links, and chicken wings, all were perfectly seasoned, perfectly cooked, and tasted excellent!  I was a bit hesitant with the hot links, as often they come way too greasy for my taste, but these were grilled to perfection and not overly greasy.  I was very impressed.  I have also tried their dirty rice (spicy and dirty with ground beef, great!), black eyed peas, and their french fries.  The fries were just fries, but seasoned well.... everything else was spot on.  I really enjoyed their dirty rice.  I've had a lot of different types of dirty rice, and this was very unique and very tasty.\n\nTheir chicken deserves its own paragraph here.  Seriously.  I order their fried chicken \""""not battered\"""", so they basically season the chicken and drop it in the deep fryer.  OMFG.  I've eaten my share of fried chicken, but their chicken, by far, is better than anything I have ever eaten..... easy.  In fact, my mouth is literally watering as I type this.  Go, eat their chicken. \n\nThe environment was nice... low light, dark decor, great old school tunes being spun by a dj on the 1's and 2's. \n\nDon't worry, if you don't eat wheat or gluten, just tell them and they will make sure your meal is made without, no issues here.  Very accommodating."""""""
I was depressed when Jutenhoops closed and even more so when the Green Woodpecker went out of business because there was no place to get that unusual, out of the ordinary gift for someone. Well NOW there is!  The Secret Village has all those special mind games, puzzles, gadjets----. Great Kitchen, Dining, Decorating,\neverything store.  A Man cave too!  Love this store (these stores) --- Should be in the gift catagory also.  I'm spreading the word to all of my Christmas shopping impaired friends in hopes that something creative will land under their trees.
In need of a location between Tucson and Phoenix for a birthday dinner I turned to Yelp. Would I find something fun and tasty in Casa Grande? Yes, yes I would. \n\nPicazzo's ambiance would stand up in any major city. It's clean, the art is funky and fun, and the lighting is perfect. All of this pales in comparison to the food and service. \n\nThis is an upscale pizza place with a large gluten-free menu. They have pasta, salads to go with the pies. Local, organic and sustainable ingredients are used. \n\nMy guest and I split a Greek salad and a pesto artichoke pizza. They have their salads in three sizes, which I think is a nice touch. Being hungry we ordered the medium to split. for two people this is far too much food. Stick with the small. \n\nThe salad was delicious! Olives peeked out everywhere, pepperoncini slices were included along with some incredible feta. I could have made a meal out of the salad alone. Then the pizza arrived. \n\nDamn! What a tasty pie! the toppings were such that it almost needed to be eaten with a knife and fork. The pesto was delicious, and there were tons of pine nuts as well. We got a side of marinara sauce just to try it and it was heavenly. \n\nDessert consisted of a giant, oven baked cookie topped with ice cream. Did I need it? Nope. Did I want it? Of course! \n\nOur server was perfect, plain and simple. He did everything right. \n\nI now have a go-to spot in Casa Grande.
I'm new to Scottsdale and have been working from home (which means out of coffee shops) the last couple of weeks--and have been pleasantly surprised by all the great indie options in Old Town (Sola, Winfield's). Echo is no exception.\n\nEqually great atmosphere for doing work or just hanging out, Echo has the added bonus of a made-to-order lunch menu. To top it off, my americano came with a tiny little bite-sized sugar cookie, just enough to satisfy my afternoon sweets craving. I'm sold.
I'm Italian. From the NorthEast. \nPlaces like DeFalco's are all over the place back home. So, living in AZ (outside of the insane culture shock I went through when I moved here) left a void in my life!\nBut then, husband and I found DeFalco's.\nThe cheesecake! The lupini beans! The sandwiches! The pizza!\nand OH MY GOD THE PROSCIUTTO!\n\nWhen it's Friday night and Husband and I don't want to go out - we run to DeFalco's, grab some grub to snack on and watch a movie at home. Perfect!
"""What can you say about Ruth's Chris? I'm not a terribly sophisticated dude, so it would be ridiculous for me to pretend I wasn't blown away. I had managed to convince a wonderful girl named Loretta to go out with me a second time. I wasn't sure I'd get a third date from her, so I decided to go somewhere I loved. I chose Ruth's Chris because I ate at one in Kansas City and it was one of the finest meals I've ever had in my life.\n\nI ordered the crab cake appetizer to share with my date. It is heaven on a plate. Two decently sized crab cakes made with jumbo lump blue crab meat. I hesitate to even call it a \cake\"""" because there is almost no breading. It's basically a big pile of perfectly seasoned crab meat. Wonderful.\n\nFor the entree we both ordered steaks of course. Let me just stop at this point and express my joy at dating a girl who ordered a big ass steak and enjoyed it as much as I did. One of the great things about having a steak in a classy joint like this is ordering it all fancied up. I love steak Au Poive - that's with a black peppercorn cream sauce that is delicious. Luckily, Loretta knows enough French to let me know that it's pronounced O-pwav and not AW-pawv like I was saying it. I managed to learn how to say it correctly before I ordered it. Loretta saved me from looking like a complete dumbass in front of the waiter. Thanks Baby!\n\nThe steak was absolutely perfect. Cooked perfectly, tender and full of flavor. Everything is ala carte at Ruth Chris. I ordered a side of garlic mashed potatoes and Loretta got the asparagus. Both were awesome. Well... I didn't try the asparagus, but she said it was good. I generally don't eat green veggies while there is still meat, potatoes or bread still on the table.\n\nI'm sure there's some good desserts at Ruth's Chris, but we didn't even look at the menu. We were stuffed. What a great meal. Obviously it was expensive as hell, but worth every penny. I hate be so easy and hand out five stars on only my second Yelp review... but seriously, this place is fantastic. Of course, if you're one of those people that jet about the planet and dine in world class restaurants, you'll probably think this place is pathetic. Of course, if you're one of those people, you're probably not checking out Yelp to find a place to eat in Phoenix Arizona.\n\nI had a great time and so did Loretta. I recommend this place for a second date. It got me a third, so it must be good!"""""""
The management thanked me profusely for my input on Yelp and graciously invited me to return as a guest to show me the true Latilla Experience. I was told changes have been made because of reading my YELP review.The changes are that dinner portions are more ample than before, the appetizer plate share charge is gone now and I noticed the web site has been updated. This visit showed little resemblance to the service I had last time. A full staff was on with staff working in sync as a team with all the tables not just mine.\n\nI was even more blown away with the food than the last time due to perhaps I picked foods that were more suiting to me some highs were-\n\nBeet salad- it was similar to others I had in other places but this one also had HOUSE GROWN BEETS ,Riesling soaked pears and the toasted hazelnuts made the salad  pop with flavor. \n\nForaged mushroom rissotto-correctally made with a depth of flavor, it was good on it's own but this had an added embellishment of a SIXTY TWO DEGREE duck egg. \n\nNicely seasoned and prepared fresh branzino sat on top of ribbon cut caponata, an unusual surprise was the vinaigrette and the ribbon cut string less celery that was very good. \n\nWe also enjoyed the Kobe Flap steak with wine reduction and tiny marble size multi color potatoes and tasty spinach.\n\nSince we skipped the interesting desserts last time we had to try one this time and tried the chocolate hazelnut cake with jam-figs and mascarpone gelato this dessert was garnished with a chocolate sort of lavender crisp and roasted hazelnuts. This dessert was something Iron chef worthy for sure with all the flavors working well together.\n\nThe service we had was phenomenal.\n\nThe food at Latilla is masterfully done, the surroundings are majestic and breathtaking. The meal we had wasn't ordinary it was extraordinary!
I can't really say enough about Liberty Market. The place is beautiful, comfortable, friendly and the service is awesome. I haven't had anything that I didn't like. From the wood fired pizza to the delectable salads, everything on the menu is worth every penny. For me though, it's all about the Cortadito (espresso drink) and the pastries. These are completely off the chart awesome! You simply MUST try them!\n\nAnother great plus to this place is that on just about any given day, you can visit and see Joe (the owner), hanging out, chatting with customers and all around having a great time. Joe is truly one of the nicest and most sincere people I have ever met. Makes Liberty Market all the more worth visiting.\n\nOh! As weird as it sounds, you have to check out the bathrooms, they are the best I have ever seen. (seriously)
I love this bar. It has a calm atmosphere that is great for a first date scenario or meeting someone for a cozy chat.  It is rather small and can get pretty packed on busy nights though.  I recommend getting there early and securing a seat.\n\nThe first time I was there about a year ago, I met Ernie the owner. She was so pleasant and friendly!  Now every time I go in she welcomes me by name and gives me a hug!\n\nGood people!  Great place to meet a friend and have a brew.
"""This was a great diversion from all the glamorized, \frou-frou\"""" restaurants in/around the Biltmore Corridor. I stopped by for lunch on Saturday, and had:\n\nSpring rolls\nKatheaw Cha (large flat rice noodles stir fried with Katna broccoli, carrots, beef, and shrimp)\nTamarind-based soup (forget the name, and I can't find it on the online menu - I think it had lemongrass and a little bit of coconut milk for creamy texture)\nPoat Ang (roasted corn dessert)\n\nThe pace of the meal was a little slower than what I'm used to, but the servers (brother & sister team) were warm/attentive, and the food was delicious. The flavors and spices used are very different and interesting - a welcome departure from the norm. I wouldn't mind skipping out on some of the common, \""""fusion\"""" items like the spring rolls next time, and trying more dishes whose names I can't pronounce. Maybe I'll learn more Khmer, too - the owner taught me how to write my name when she came by to talk with us. Highly recommended! Try the Katheaw Cha."""""""
Yay for FEZ, I need to visit again.  I used to go there all the time, brunch, lunch, dinner and um, happy hour :)  Love love love sitting on the patio.  Since I moved to the east valley I haven't frequented as much, but it's always a treat when I do.  \n\nMy favorites are the apricot chardonnay fusion.  I always have to have that, actually I usually go with a friend and we split a carafe (or two).  Their hummus I think is the best hummus I've ever had and I never thought I liked sweet potatoes, till I had FEZ's sweet potato fries.  Everything is pretty reasonably priced too, which is always a plus.
LOVE LOVE LOVE!\n\nThe concept of this place is awesome, and so is the food! I think once the weather cools off it will become a regular place we stop by on nights out. First of all I thought that the two restaurants side by side and the back area with tables/chairs and decor was a cool concept. Also the prices were very reasonable, and the service was good too, seemed like a happy staff that wanted you to enjoy your time. We went on the launch of Oktoberfest and it was great... maybe because I love seeing guys dressed up in liederhosen, or maybe because the two man german band was so cool. Very traditional & they made us dance! \n\nHere's the scoop on food + drink: \n\n+ San Tan Beers\n+ Waffle Fries \n+ Beet Salad\n+ Spicy Brat\n+ Apple Strudel \n\nWe left happy and I got a picture next to the awesome Brat Haus van parked outside (coming soon, I'll add it to the photos). \n\nWe did eat outside even though it hadn't quite cooled off yet, but when I went inside it looked pretty awesome so we'll have to check that out next time. I'll definitely be back.
The Tempe location got a nice bit of redoing and is now a lot bigger, but the southern half of the place is still hilariously and charmingly small. I love sitting so close to the cooks.\n\nTip: they half bake pasties for the next day late at night, so if you order one then it's noticeably different. The super fresh 11pm cajun pasty I got after (during?) my bachelor party may be the most delicious thing I've eaten. The bar's got wonderfully cheap car bombs, and they leave a nice note on the receipt when you get one.
This place is pretty rad.  They recently finish a 2000sf + expansion and patio expansion.  The food is inconsistently good.  Really good during the days when the daytime bartender is cooking... I know for a fact they use Kraft Ranch.  \n\nMonday night trash talk poker is a blast.  \n\nTues is an awesome trivia night with a funny big guy hosting to a quality crowd.  \n\nWed is college night.  They start off with volleyball at the park across the street then real cheap drinks w college id and karaoke.\n\nThurs night is my favorite.  Beer Olympics!  a Coed tournament with 5 games, pool, darts, shuffle board, beer pong, bags and Gift Certificates for Gold, Silver and Bronze followed by their resident DJ Bon Joke.  He's pretty good. He mixes Karaoke with his videos and  DJ tracks and makes you wanna sing.   \n\nDJ Bon Joke is also the featured entertainment on Friday and Sat.  \n\nFinal Round is probably the only bar in Tempe I'd give 5 stars to.
"""Probably my favorite \indulge\"""" spot after a long week to grab a glass of wine or a cold beer and a huge bruschetta plate. The greeter is always the same guy, button down shirt, hat of some kind, a witty remark at how often I eat at Postinos, and last time we ate there he actually sat down and cracked us up after our appetizers. My favorite bruschetta is the goat cheese and red peppers or the tomato jam and sheep's milk, though the warm artichoke and the salami with pesto are always close seconds. Sangria Sundays are the absolute best, with a great staff, everyone is always in a fabulous mood- and the Sangria is to die for. I take everyone who hasn't been to Postinos there, given the chance. The only rough part is the parking- that's usually the case in Arcadia, but I found a secret spot recently, I won't disclose here so no one takes it. LOVE Postino's food, service, and atmosphere."""""""
I've always loved this salon because the staff are all so nice and the services are reasonably priced for the quality of work received. I've never left here with a bad manicure or gel nails.  The nails don't lift and I can usually stretch over two weeks in between fills.  When I don't have tips put on, US Nails also does a great traditional manicure and really takes the time to groom my hands for a fair price. \n\nEven better, the staff and owner always remember me!  I moved away and came back three years later and the owner remembered who I was and asked why I had been missing. Great customer service always brings me back :)
KW Plumbing was the first honest plumber I dealt with out of 10.  They told us when they would be able to come out.  When we told them what the problem was they told us that it was needing to be fixed right away.  They then instructed us on what to look for to find somebody to fix our leak.  Due to the great customer service they will get our first call the next time we need a plumber.  Honesty is refreshing!
Came because the Best of Phoenix issue told me to.  After contemplating whether to take my daughter to the restaurant next to Club Tattoo, we entered the cleanest restaurant I've ever seen.  I think it is supposed to look like a dive with bricks showing through the walls, but it is just too clean.  The chips were fresh and salty and the salsa was runny and spicy; both delicious.  I order the pollo fundido to see what a fundido is.  After filling up on chips, my daughter ate one-fourth of my fundido (sans pollo because she is vegetarian), her beans, and none of her quesadilla.  The guacamole was fresh and the other three-fourths of the fundido tasted great.  The service was also great.  So if you are looking for some delicious, inexpensive Mexican food served really fast and in a clean restaurant, Moreno is your grill.
I randomly walked passed a pizza place and told my wife that we should try it out. Coming from Chicago, we are always looking for a great pizza place in the valley. We took the pizza home and were shocked how good it was. We tried it again and I actually watched the nice man take his time on each pizza, as we ordered 2. He is a perfectionist and it comes through from the quality of the food. My family of 4 now goes there every week and it's truly our favorite place in the valley..Piza Pizza!!
"""Quick update for Mama Java's since we had the Yelp Office Hours there last week... we lucked out and were able to take over the couch / chairs to the right when you walk in the door.  It worked out perfectly!  \n\nEven though I hadn't been in to MJ in a couple of months, Jensy remembered that I drank a soy latte - incredible!  I felt so special (almost like a regular) when I walked in and she greeted me and asked if I wanted a soy latte!  I did, and it was just as good as last time!\n\nThe atmosphere provided the perfect place for the yelpers to come and go, chat, etc... I think everyone felt comfortable and welcome.  Thanks again to all of you who came by to visit!  Looking forward to the next time... \n\nLastly, MJ created a yelper special of the day... the \hold me closer tiny yelper' which i believe was a vanilla cinnamon latte.  Now if that didn't make us feel special, what does?!"""""""
We got late (for LA) into Scottsdale.  Here things just started to pick up...\nOur waiter was very helpful.  Really tried to male us happy and even said that.. Explained the menu and also told us he can make any thing we want (my wife likes to have her options...).\nWe ended up with fantastic house bread, very tasty salad, great veil Milanese!, spaghetti meat balls from great Kobe beef.\nDessert was a bit disappointing but is was part of a special week deal. \nThe price was also much cheaper that we have paid at home.
"""I'm 4'11\ and there is not one single pair of pants at any store that I can wear right off the rack unless the store carries a \""""short\"""" length.  After finally getting fed up with hemming (if you can call it that) my own pants, and then tripping when my heels get caught in my bad hem job, I decided that I make a decent enough living and can afford to pay a tailor to do it right.\n\nWasn't sure where to go, so my first thought was Delia's Cleaners, since they have a sign that says they do alterations. While I do make a decent living, I do a lot of second-hand-clothes shopping, so I was not about to pay $12 to hem some pants that cost me $8.00. And then I read some reviews about this and the reviews didn't inspire much confidence in the quality of the service I'd be getting for that.\n\nAs I drove out of the Safeway shopping plaza where Delia's is located, I noticed a small \""""alterations\"""" place across the street: A Stitch in Time. Coincidence? I think not. Fate is more like it.\n\nAnd \""""fate\"""" is part of her name: FATEMEH! She is awesome! I walked in there with a large bag full of all the pants I ever hemmed badly or rolled up. At least 8 pants on that first visit. \n\nFatemeh had me try each one on, and she quickly put some pins into one leg of each pair of pants. She asked me when I needed them back, and when I said by this time next week (expecting her to say no way, or that 'll cost ya) she said OK! Not a problem. \n\nI was worried because I didn't even check for references or anything and had just driven up there. So this was a big leap of faith with almost all the pants I own. \n\nI was THRILLED when I got them back. Every single one of them was a perfect fit, and the stitching was excellent. Not only that, she ironed all of them! Those poor pants hadn't had face-time with a good pressing in a looong time! \n\nWhat's more, Fatemeh was so grateful for the business. She thanked me an awkward number of times during the 5 or 6 minutes I was there to pick up my items. I thought it was maybe because there were so many and it was a big bill, but she was just the same with the other people who were there as well. I say it was awkward because I rarely encounter a business owner who THANKS customers or clients, as most people act so entitled or like you owe them something. It was refreshing. She just genuinely appreciates her clients. \n\nWell Fatemeh, this client genuinely appreciates you, too. I appreciate her so much I have been a repeat customer at least 6 more times in the past 8 months."""""""
BOMB!  This place is my favorite Mexican fast food restaurant I have discovered in the Phoenix metro area in the past four years.  I'm a first-generation Mexican American so I tend to be fairly picky about Mexican food.  Salsita's meets and exceeds all my expectations.  They have a wonderful selection of meats, and do not charge you extra to replace meats in the combination plates like other places.  For example, if you order a combo that regularly includes a shredded beef burro and would like carne asada instead, you don't have to pay an extra $2-3 like you do at other Mexican places I've been to.  They have quite a diverse menu, and serve many different dishes.  They also have a salsa bar inside, which is huge indicator to me that a Mexican place is legitimate.  \nThe food is tasty, the salsa is spicy when it needs to be, and their guacamole is pretty dang good too.  \nBe careful with other Salsita's locations though.  I have discovered that the menus are not universal.  That's why this location is my absolute favorite.
I stopped here with my four year old yesterday with a Groupon.  We had lunch here.  I had a gyro with fries; he had a hotdog and fries.  The fries were simply amazing!  Perfectly prepared and delicious.  The gyro was done perfectly - not burnt or dry.  \n\nThe interior is nothing special - a tv, some chairs and tables.  The people behind the counter are terrific.  \n\nIf you like soda, this is the place for you.  They even had my home town favorite - FAYGO!  Plenty of great energy drinks.\n\nThe prices are reasonable.\n\nStop by.........
"""I've been coming here forever.  Through the years, I have seen many come and many go.  This place has always remained faithful.  It's a VIkings bar so if you get there on football night, it will be loud.  They are loud most of the time anyway.  However, the food is great and the beer is even better.  The best sandwich is the Salmon BLT.  The best appetizer are the NACHOS.  The best beer is the IPA or the HOPKNOT.  The specials here are always good.   Other than one snooty server, they have always had great service and the beers are priced very well.  I will never understand why somebody would pay $6 for a bottle of beer at Dos Gringos when you could get a pint of hand crafted ale here.  Also, the seating is nice here.  Many times I will chill out by myself at this place on a nice rainy afternoon and just \escape\"""".  Sometimes the parking can be a bit tricky."""""""
For the 40$ a head you pay for all the meat and salad you can eat, this is a heaven for a 20 year old guy!! I have been coming to this location for a few years now during birthdays and special occasions with family. One thing I have voiced is how the employees have remained the same throughout the years! \nSince working in the reasturant for about 3 years I have witnessed constant overturn at my job, but Fogo has kept the same hard working people hustling and bustling to please the customers needs. This also falls on management! Employees enjoy being there, whenever that happens, food will have more love and quality to it. \n\nAll in all I love going to Fogo for the culture I feel I am absorbing by talking with the staff and indulging in the food.
There aren't as many places with the service and friendly staff as PCG!  I've only been there for the Yelp event, but I will definitely go back based solely on the treatment we all got from the staff.\nThe food was amazing with combos that were perfect.  The coconut shrimp was my very favorite and I am always down for fruit and cheese.\nThis place is very close to home and I will become a regular, whether they like it or not.
Wine snobs need not enter.  This place is not for you.  I've been coming here for awhile, and Papago is the BEST place in the valley to get the best beers.\n\nThey do their own beer & keep it on tap, which is great.  Plus, they'll spend as much time as you want talking to & educating you on their various styles on tap.  The folks at Papago also showcase other great brews on tap.\n\nPapago also has roughly 400 different bottled beers in coolers.  If you ever wanted to really explore different beers from the country and Europe, you can really go at your own pace here.  I don't think I've found a better selection of beers.  As a bonus, you can get 6-packs to go!\n\nThe best part of the place is the atmosphere.  It is definitely a beer bar - not overly crowded, relaxed, games lying around, random stuff at the front of the bar.  You can just sit, savor and relax here.  A long time ago, they didn't have a kitchen & let you order in Pizza & stuff, but their kitchen does make some tasty food now.\n\nPapago is one of the best gems in the valley, and they serve some great beer!  It is worth the trip.
I've personally been to this store and have also ordered items over the phone and email. I randomly found this shop by browsing online when I was in Phoenix for work last year and decided just to give it a try.  \n\nThey have great turquoise jewelry that is hand made by local artists.  They have excellent prices, great selection of items, and their staff is genuine, polite, and very helpful.  I randomly found this shop by browsing online when I was in Phoenix for work last year.  I highly recommend it and have bought gifts for others from there since visiting the store.  I mentioned to their staff that I live in Nashville, TN and they told me that Winona Judd shops at their store! \n\nGive them a call or email for your turquoise jewelry needs.
"""i spent all of last summer in this bar. yeah, it's in mesa. yeah, you can...oops, could smoke there, which was my friends were in love with it. \n\nit's small, a dive bar complete with white trash/cowboy patrons and bar flys and kick ass juke box. it has darts and pool tables and cheap drinks. \n\nit's got a palo verde-esqu ambiance, but without the too-punk-rock-for-you attitude. it's a nice escape from the tempe scene to be honest, a local dive where no one cares about your tattoos, your drunken antics or that you're dancing to david bowie because, well, he's invited you to.\n\n\Let's Dance!\""""\n\n* editor's note\nWhen I say \""""no one cares about your tattoos,\"""" i don't mean in the sense that you won't get dirty looks for them or judged by them. i meant this isn't the kind of dive where a pin up girl or koi fish is a requisite for coolness. it's just an honest, mesa dive and you don't get shit for street cred so leave the 'tude at home. or go to Palo"""""""
Had a great meal here with friends on a Saturday night.\n\nI was in town for a chiropractic conference and went to this restaurant with about eight of my friends for dinner one Saturday night. It's always a bonus in my experience when you can get a good-sized table and have great service. The other good thing about this group of friends as they tend to share what they ordered off the menu, so we all get to get a taste of various meals.\n\nJalapenos that we got during appetizers were amazing, and I was quite happy with the margaritas I got served. Meat was spectacular and everything I tasted off of other's plates was worthy of a return trip.\n\nParking wasn't an issue, staff was exceptionally friendly and attentive to our table, and the general manager stopped by to check on us and make sure we were having a great evening, which indeed we were.\n\nI'm looking forward to in other conference nearby just so we can eat there again.
Both my experiences here were so good I don't even know where to start!  \n\nExperience one:  my car wouldn't start while I was at the US Post Office on McDowell on Scottsdale Road.  In an attempt to find a shop to have it towed to, I used YELP and this was the closest location.  I called and spoke to Charlie.  I told him what had transpired the last two days that led to the current mechanical issue I was experiencing.  He obviously couldn't diagnose it over the phone; but, he sent one of his mechanics to help me out.  Less than 5 minutes later, a mechanic arrived.  He was so helpful and very attentive.  We were able to get my car started to take it to the shop.  Once there they ordered the part that needed to be replaced and dealt with the entity responsible for the failure.  It was a great experience.  I highly recommend them.\n\nExperience two:  I took my car in to get the 50,000 mile check up done as well as have the car looked over to make sure it was in good mechanical condition.  He did what the manufacturer required and also changed the transmission fluid (at my request).  He could have said I needed more work done (I wouldn't know any different); but, he didn't.  \n\nThis is a great place to take your vehicle to if you want an honest mechanic to work on it. :-)
I hike Squaw/Piestewa Peak pretty much every day because of abode proximity but I think Cholla trail is my favorite in the Valley. I hiked it today, in fact, with the notorious Amber W and Nathan S. Park on 64th St (Invergordon). Hike to the hike (10 mins from parking to hiking) and break some hearts with your sexy new legs, which this multi-difficulty level trail grants to the faithful. I'm the guy with the weighted vest that looks like a terrorist sport coat. I promise, they're just 3lb lead weights. The only TNT is my beating heart. \n\nA hike to the halfway point is about 45 minutes for what I'm going to describe as the average person, even though I've met you and know instinctually you're most certainly not average. The second half of the hike is more challenging. Steep drop offs. Cliffs. Edges. And the like. Just use a modicum of caution and you'll be fine. \n\nThe best part though, is that you can easily sprint down the Cholla trail. Like, by sprint, I mean run as fast as you can. Book it. It's a freaking video game for your mind, body, soul triumvirate. \n\nI don't like the Echo Canyon hike off Lincoln. It's steeper, less amazing scenery, and I just feel totally weird about it every time I do it. Like the mojo is bad. However, a hike to the top from either side is a wildly splendid view. \n\nWe live in one of the most amazing metro areas in the world. To have these hikes so available is just so lucky. Take advantage!
Cafe Bink is a tiny gem. The outside patio offers a wonderful view of Black Mountain in Carefree, Az.  The menu offers unique and elegant dishes that excite the palate.  There are a few main staples however, the menu and entrees change with the seasons. The staff are very friendly and enjoy serving people. While eating at Cafe Bink you truly comprehend the fact that the Chef/kitchen is cooking just for you.  Portions are elegantly presented and leave you satisfied - yet allow room for dessert. YUM!
This was one of the first places I was a huge fan of. Even before I was of age I would try to sneak my way in! There's good reason for all the hype around this place. \n\nThe food here is AMAZING! I've had numerous different dishes here and they've all come out deliciously cooked to perfection. My favorite appetizer here is the hummus, which comes with warm and moist pita bread which compliments the smooth yet spicy hummus excellently. When it comes to the entree it's hard to stray from the grilled salmon BLT, which comes on a grain-covered soft wheat bread that melts in your mouth. The prices are great for how spectacular the food is, although expect to cough up a solid twenty per person for an appetizer, entree, and beers. And speaking of beer... There's no problem savoring each flavoring. Yeah, if you know me you probably can't imagine me saying that, but damn they're good. I like the Raj IPA because it's so high in alcohol, and after two or three I'm on my ass (DON'T DRINK AND DRIVE!! TEMPE PD WILL HAVE YOU ON YOUR ASS FASTER). \n\nThe service has always been good. I've even become friends with some of the wait staff here, chatting it up outside the bar, because they're such good people. Always perfectly on time with the food and drinks, there's no way I can imagine anyone being disappointed. \n\nAs far as atmosphere, it's what any bar/restaurant owner would dream of. Right in the heart of Tempe, but tucked away as to not get annoying with ASU pride, there are hundreds of different entertainment venues close by  that would be good for a date or just a night out with friends. They also have the best patio seating in all of phoenix (that I've seen). \n\nThis staple of Phoenix is one that MUST be experienced...
"""The best massaman (sp?) curry I've ever had, and I've had a lot. And great pad thai as well. However, as a spice wimp, I asked for my dish as mild as possible, yet tons of red flakes peeked out from the noodles. There are only a few foods I am willing to suffer for, and the yellow curry was one of them, but I just don't get why so many cooks equate \not spicy\"""" with \""""bland.\"""" The dishes were plenty tasty by themselves; next time I go I will either have to order it \""""bland\"""" or bring a fire extinguisher."""""""
After wanting to try Bourbon Steak for months, we finally went for Restaurant Week.  I wasn't sure how far $29 pp was going to get you at a Michael Mina restaurant, but I was pleasantly surprised.  First off, I am not a fan of hotel restaurants, but I immediately forgot my location once we walked in the entrance.  The place had a great vibe and if the weather would have been a bit cooler, we would have wanted to sit on their awesome patio.\n\nStraight out of the gate, they brought the french fries that I had read so much about.  Three different seasonings....three different sauces....and fried in duck fat.....(cue the Homer Simpson drool sound.)  Amazing.  This was followed by freshly baked focaccia bread, served right in a mini cast iron skillet.\n\nI went with the Corn Soup and Jalapeno Grilled Jack Sandwich appetizer, followed with the Skirt Steak main course, and finished with the still hot Beignets.  Every bite was amazing and I was sorry for it all to end.\n\nOur server was extremely knowledgeable an enthusiastic about the food as well.  The only black mark I would give the restaurant was their very poor selection of vodka.\n\nStill the meal left me wondering why it had taken me so long to try Bourbon Steak and definitely has me making plans to go back soon.
I rely on my computer for my profession. My fairly new (1.5 yo) computer was running really slowly and acting funny.  I knew I'd gotten a nasty virus a few months back but I thought i'd wiped that off.  Just to make sure everything was working I contacted Everything Just Works on a friend's recommendation,  to come take a look-see and make sure everything was kosher.  \n\nErik, the owner was very accommodating to my schedule and came out the next day when it made sense for me.  He was very professional from the get-go.  He had me review & sign a legal doc explaining what he would do and/or would not do.   He discussed the situation with me, made an assessment, we reviewed some files on my computer and whether or not I used/needed them and then he went to work and did his magic.  \n\nTwo swift hours later he left and my computer is purring like a kitten now!  Their pricing is VERY reasonable and I'd hire them again in a heartbeat.
I absolutely love Zinc Bistro! We went for my husband's birthday and had a wonderful evening. Absolutely no wait on a Friday night at 7 pm, which was a nice surprise, and even got seats in their beautiful hidden little courtyard. (Make sure you ask if there are tables available out there if you want a quieter, romantic evening as it can get rather loud inside when the place fills up) \n    For dinner my husband had the french onion soup to start,  which as always was the best you will find anywhere around, and the flat iron steak with zinc potatoes (their version of au gratin potatoes but with no cheese) He loved the steak, a perfect medium, and the potatoes were creamy and perfectly cooked. We do miss the cheese though!\n   I started with the tuna tartar, which is served with rye toast points and a cornichon paste, it was so good my husband, who refuses to eat raw fish, even tried a bite.... and liked it! Then I had the short ribs, which were melt in your mouth tender, as short ribs should be. My only issues was the amount of vegetables with the ribs... I think I literally had three slices each of carrots and celery... But they were delicious as well :)\n   We were then surprised with a little birthday treat for my husband which I will not ruin for anyone else who decides to celebrate their birthday here. I will just say that it was a perfect ending to a perfect meal.\n   Overall, I will have to say that Zinc Bistro is honestly one of my favorite restaurants in the Valley and I have never been disappointed in anything I have had there. Not to leave out that the service is always amazing and the staff is fun and friendly. Definitely try this place out!
"""If you want a photographer who has a passion for their work and listens to your desires, give Lynn Dao at Boudoir in Bloom a call!  Her photography is artistically classy and leaves you feeling great about yourself!\n\nBoudoir photography may seem a little intimidating at first, but Lynn easily makes you feel so comfortable and relaxed.  (Plus the mattress you might use for some of the photographs is super comfy!)   The photographs come out simply stunning!!  The session is a blast!\n\nAs other reviewers have been saying, it's true!  The first time I went to look at my photos, I was just as wonderfully stunned as my partner!  He loved the photos and still tries to show them off to friends.  (And I don't mind... Lynn does AMAZING work!)  Lynn didn't make me look \fake\"""" in any of the photos either.  They were classic and REAL; not high priced, over airbrushed \""""creations.\""""  \n\nI highly recommend Lynn Dao with Boudoir in Bloom.  In short, she is a passionate and very talented photographer who will always give you the most beautiful results! \n\nThank you!!  =)"""""""
I love the Melting Pot.  Its not somewhere I'd go daily or anything but once in a relationship (or once every 6 months to a year, whichever comes first) I do enjoy being taken there.  \n\nI like going to the Melting Pot on a date as opposed to with a group because its much more intimate to feed just one person a chocolate dipped strawberry than it is to try to feed 10.  Sticks cross and that can just be uncomfortable.  \n\nMake reservations always as it tends to get busy, as request a private table where you are separated from the rest of the restaurant by a curtain for a more intimate vibe.  No one needs to see what you're doing back there with cheese and marshmallows (not in the same course) and whatnot.  \n\nI like the fondue for two, which includes 3 courses and a salad I believe, but come hungry because its a ton of food.  The wine selection is good and drinks are typically pretty strong.  Prices are higher than other places but for the ambiance and uniqueness of the food, and the quality of service, etc, I think its just about right for a special night out.
"""Coming from Los Angeles... you don't get that kind of spectacle.  Especially while you're just looking to grab some pizza and a beer.  We get chuck e. cheese... not a grand organ orchestrated by the organ master!  Request \The Choo Choo train\"""" or something like that.  The whole place seems to come alive.  Man, old people in AZ know how to have fun!  I didn't have much time in AZ, but this stop was definitely the highlight of my trip.  I'll definitely be back someday."""""""
"""Let the Phoenix Food Truck Revolution begin!\n\nLeading the pack in my opinion are the smiling folks in the Pizza People Food Truck...\Pie on the fly!\"""" How awesome is that? \n\nFrom the homemade dough (YES...homemade or shall I say truckmade?...) to the passionate owners to the local, fresh ingredients to the gluten free and vegan options...this food truck is on a roll baby!\n\nThe thin, crispy yet pillowy dough and the tangy marinara with the local fresh basil...OMG...let's just say I devoured every bite. And with prices around $6 you just can't beat it! You can't beat it...but you most certainly can eat it!\n\nI can't wait to see where Pizza People park their gorgeous truck...I just want to be first in line! I even have hired them to cater my business's holiday party! You should too!\n\nPizza People...you are my kinda people!"""""""
We had the audacity to venture out of our comfort zone and WALLA.....we were glad we did.  Typically, any time we'd host a party, we'd prepare our own meal, but this was definitely well worth the time for us.  We had an evening backyard 50th birthday party with approximately 20 guests in mid-April and not only was the weather absolutely perfect, but everyone enjoyed the tacos immensely.  We had steak, pork, chicken, fish, and portabello mushroom as our menu options...all were incredibly tasty and the idea of having the adorable cart parked in our backyard where our guests could walk up and have fresh made to order tacos was a definite PLUS!  The gals were incredibly personable and patient and eager to please and offer suggestions to all of our guests.  Surprisingly...we did have a few left overs and can I just say they were even still more incredible even a day or so after (I have a new found respect for leftovers).  I'm actually craving the portabello mushroom RIGHT NOW!  Darn...but I mean that in the nicest of ways :-)  I would highly recommend Carte Blanche for any event......definitely!
Amazing, amazing, amazing. Been there less than 10 times due to living super far away, but would be there every day if I could. Haven't had the fruit flavors, but all the chocolate and nut ones are great. Had real gelato across the walk from Treve Fountain while in Rome... and this might just be better. \n\nOnly complaint is one time I had a snotty high schooler helping me out.. but whatever. The ice cream makes up for snotty kids.\n\nDELISH!!!
I went with my friend to Frost last night. I've been to several gelato places before and I went to Italy a couple years ago and treated myself to gelato every day... so it's easy to say I'm a fan of gelato.\n\nWhen we walked in, we were greeted right away. The super friendly gelato girl gave us the run down of questions: have we been to frost before, have we had gelato before, the perks of gelato over ice cream and getting samples is recommended. \n\nThey have more of a selection of flavors than any gelato store I've been to. Each flavor is decorated to make them even more appetizing. The gelato girl gave great recommendations and we settled on the tiramisu and salted caramel. They were both amazing. \n\nThe price is a little steep but for a treat once in a while, it is totally worth it. Also, with gelato a little goes a long way. That is why they give you the baby spoons with your cup. \n\nThe decor is very modern and the shop looks spotless. The owner put a lot of time and work into their shop and it shows. They even come about with cups of water to their customers. This was a nice little touch to show they care.\n\nI will certainly be back with my boyfriend soon. It's a great location just outside the main strip of the mall.
Thanks to my friend Michelle who is on a little Phoenix vacay while I'm stuck in Tucson, now all I can think about is Fez! The Fez burger with fries and one of their amazing bar bevies is my idea of a great time. Add the fact that the service is always spot on (at least the times that I am there) and the portions aren't stupid big, I enjoy it every time I go. I wish I were there now, with Michelle who decided tonight to blow up Facebook with delicious Fez photos, but I'll wait until Lindsey F has another large event and hit up one of my faves then!
"""I love going here to drink wine - lots of options by the glass that are extremely well priced (many $5/glass options that are healthy pours) as well as cheap bottle prices (small markup over retail).\n\nDefinitely a great \chill\"""" place to go with friends, sip on some wine, order some nibbles (lots of great cheese!) and shoot the shit for a few hours.\n\nAlso an amazing selection of wines - a great place to experiment and try new things. My suggestion is to belly up to the bar and get recommendations from the bartender on what to try - they'll ask you what you like and then give you something creative that will fit that general palette.\n\nBig ups to Sportmans!"""""""
THIS IS ANTONIO'S FROM AMHERST MASSACHUSETTS.   as a UMASS graduate i was amazed to see our local pizza place out here when i moved here in 1997.  The pictures on the wall are of the UMASS location.  Antonio's sold the recipe to some grads who took it to arizona and brought the north east flavor to the desert.  \n\nThis is real NY style pizza.  The bbq chicken is my favorite.  chicken, bacon and bbq sauce turn a pizza snack into a pizza meal.  Lines are long but service is so quick it moves nicely.  Best place in Arizona to get real pizza!
Awesome local ale house tucked in downtown chandler. This is true gem. Was staying next door hotel and bar closed so early there, but all hotel staffs were heading to santan, so I followed. \n\nMy fav was devil's ale. Name says all. Can't beat after a long run around the course and meetings all morning. \nOutdoor seating is nice, has this most machine tha keeps me cool.\n\nStaff was friendly and service was fast...and they were good looking. \n\nThis is actually good place for casual biz aft five.
Sugar crusted brioche buns were DELICIOUS and they have macaroons in large and mini sizes. This was my first time eating a macaroon. I selected the caramel flavored one after being told it was the ''original'' -- so I was easily convinced.  It was yummy but I'm not a fan of creme or frosting inside. I definitely want to try their croissants. They had other pastries items that looked divine. \n\nIt looks like a nice brunch/lunch spot with tables and waittresses, but I just bought my goodies to-go. They have lattes and other beverage options. I ordered an iced coffee that was just okay. \n\nThe place was packed and busy even at 11am with limited parking. That's a sure sign, this is the place to be!
Could this place be anymore fantastic!? \n\nThey have better coffee than any coffee bar I have been to..including *GASP*...STARBUCKS!!! \n\nThey have alcohal and food. Their drinks are made perfectly! I love being able to enjoy a drink while studying. Their food is great too! I LOVE their mac and cheese! its only $5 but tastes like a million bucks! \n\nIm kinda obsessed with this place, i go here about 3 to 4 times a week.\n\np.s. they are the only place I been to besides an organic farmers market that carries KOMBUCHA with the seeds!. \n\nlong story, short: GO TO LUX!
All was delish here !!!\n\nHad the 3 meat platter with 2 sides and cornbread that I shared with the husband: we got the brisket, baby back ribs, and pulled pork. All the meat was moist and delicious and tasted great even without the BBQ sauce. We mac-n-cheese and grilled veggies for the sides...and both were yummy. My favorite was the cornbread...it was the best I have had and i would go just for that . They also give you these little fried donuts with cinnmaon and sugar for free before you leave and they were super sweet and yummy!! \n\nDid not know about the 10% off when I went...ooh well maybe next time.\n\nService was great too!!
Love this place!\n\nWent during lunch with my colleagues so could not try off their wine/liquor list but the food and decor did not fail us.\n\nWe sat outside and enjoyed a nice spring day in Arizona. Pre-summer so able to enjoy lunch without the heat.\n\nI ordered their mix greens salad with chicken; the greens were fresh and the chicken was seared to perfection. My company both ordered sandwich combos (chicken salad and tuna melt) and both said it was really good.\n\nI will definitely be returning and hopefully check out their happy hour that is 11 am - 6 pm daily - can't beat that!
After reading the reviews I had to try this place so I took a friend today. We had beef and chicken shwarma, kebob, and 3 pies. Everything was really good and very inexpensive. The pita sandwiches are $4 and the pies 69 cents each so everything including drinks was under $20. \n\nWhile your there you HAVE to check out the store. They have some awesome stuff for really good prices. I had to get some olive oil and lamb chops becuase I couldn't pass up such a great deal and the meat looked very fresh.
This is my favorite Mexican food place in Phoenix, I wish I lived closer! There aren't many places to choose from for a vegetarian, but Mi Patio has many options and I really appreciate that!! They have an AWESOME vegetable enchilada. Their salsas are really good and to top it off, their prices are great! This is definitely a friendly, local business that I take all of my out of state visitors who of course always want Mexican food as soon as they get here :)
Yahoo to discovering AZ88!!!  Just stopped by for drinks with a new friend last night but damn was it fun!  Really nice vibe, beautiful space with a truly elegant yet casual feel (who knew this was possible) and killer cocktails.  I learned how to slurp last night since your martini glass is filled so full you have no choice but to bend over the bar and slurp from your stemware!  Heard that that is how the bartenders can spot a newbie: newbies essentially spill all over the bar...or was I drunk by that second dirty martini?\n\nCannot wait to go back for a burger...and so damn close to Casa NR!
I LOVE the Scottsdale Greenbelt!\n\nI've lived in Old Town Scottsdale for 6 years now, and I truly love our community.  The Scottsdale Greenbelt is a fixture which represents how beautiful and peaceful it is here.  There are many great people who enjoy it on a regular basis, and I always enjoy meeting friendly people. \n\nI'm a professional dog walker, so I walk the Greenbelt nearly every day.  If you see me, feel free to say hello.  I don't bite, and neither do the dogs I walk.\n\nPeople rollerblade, dog walk, ride bikes, skateboard, run, play disc golf, etc....  There is so much to do here and I appreciate it very much.\n\nSorry if I sound a little cheesy, I'm just passionate about our community.\n\nCONS - There are many homeless people who camp out around the Greenbelt area as it runs into Tempe.  Be careful.  Not sure what the Politically Correct terminology is anymore, Bums? Transients?  Homeless?  I've heard of a few muggings at night.  Anyway, if you spend a lot of time on the Greenbelt you will run into them.  Once, while dogwalking, I saw a guy showering in the sprinklers.
I am a huge fan of The Good Egg! They have the best flavored coffee. They have a different flavor every day, so check out the white board by the door as you're walking in to see what it is! I love their country style potatoes & omelets as well. The food comes out in a timely fashion & the servers are always polite & provide great service. My best friend highly recommends the Santa Fe straw sandwich if you're looking for more of a lunch entree.
Delicious! I have really been missing the wings from City o City since I moved here from the Midwest, but now I have a source of delicious vegan buffalo wings closer to home.  Aside from the wings, we tried a couple of noodle bowls, both of which were very good. One minor complaint was that some vegetables (I'm looking at you, carrots) were cut so large as to be unwieldy. \n\nOther than the food, they have a limited selection of vegan groceries and natural drinks. I was excited that they had harder to find beverages, like the non-root beer flavors of Virgil's.
"""Love love LOVEE Spinato's. Their red sauce is to die for, perfectly sweet and tangy! \n\nCalzones are fabulous as well, especially the spinach, garlic & tomato one. Wards off hoardes of vampires, I'm sure. Warning - these don't reheat well. Plan on eating it all fresh.\n\nNormally multi-meat pizzas make me want to ralph from greasiness, but their \Get Meaty\"""" is really good, the sausage (I think?!) has a nice smokey flavor that goes well with the sweet sauce.\n\nI go to the location in Tempe, but I believe they make their food in one place, so you shouldn't get much of a difference as far as quality goes."""""""
"""What can you say about Gangplank? It's just about the coolest idea to ever hit the planet. Here's the scoop (in case you don't get it already)...\n\nImagine a place where a collective of similar tech related companies have come together to co-exist and collaborate on anything. Then add in an open and welcome atmosphere for creation and collaboration. Put all this into a large office space with plenty of room to host events and whatever else you can dream up. Then open the doors to the public and invite all who may be amused by the people who live inside.\n\nTop that off with a spiffy pirate name/theme and what do you have?\n\nYou've got yourself a crucible for awesomeness! All I can say is if you are even remotely nearby, you should stop in and just say hi. I guarantee you will just want to hang out and soak in the awesome.\n\nIf you are a freelancer, the workspace is open for you to come, work, collaborate and ping off of some of the brilliant minds that reside in the \belly of the plank\"""". Wednesdays are especially great with the lunch \""""brownbag\"""" speaker sessions and the evening filled with \""""hacknight\"""" where all sorts of great collaboration takes place. Another thing where you just have to experience it to truly understand. Swing by and walk the plank! :)\n\n(now if it was only closer to me, I'd be there every day for sure ... sigh)"""""""
Ryan's Pet supplies has it all, and is essentially the canine version of Disneyland.\n\nWhen I first got my four-legged BFF, I was given a tip that there was a place that had dog gear nearly thirty percent less than the typical stores.\n\nThe store is centrally located on McDowell Road, and while the area is not exactly DC Ranch, you are not in the ghetto, and you will be perfectly safe even if you don't own an AR-15.\n\nIt is really important to note that Ryan's is set up as an internet order place, NOT as a retail store. This explains why the business does a few things differently than regular retail. Purses/bags either need to be left in your car, or the store will lock them up in the front. I recommend you bring your purse/bag inside, the staff is cool, and they will lock it up for you. While this may be an inconvenience , the price difference will easily make up for any hiccups.\n\nThe second tip that will save you time/energy is to know what you wish to purchase, and know how much it will cost. As mentioned before, it is a warehouse, and items are not labeled with price, it's a huge warehouse setup. They have catalogs all over the place to check prices, but my recommendation is to bring your catalog with pages marked of the stuff you want. The staff is super friendly, and will help you with where things are at. It's not always easy to know who works there, but you will figure it out, they're usually pushing metal carts, basically fulfilling online orders by pulling merchandise from the bins.\n\nWhile you're here, you will find toys, brushes, shampoos, snacks, you name it! The prices are very very good, and you will be happily surprised at the difference between the other guys and Ryan's. Don't miss the kong squeaky toy line, they have fun squeaky toys that are hard to break. Also, the fleecy rope toys are great for dogs teeth, and keep them fresh and so clean clean. Avoid any rope toys, they can break down and when dogs eat them, they can do big time damage to stomach, GI etc.\n\nHappy shopping, and lastly you CAN bring in your dog and have a helper while you shop.
"""I went to add this to my newly made list of favorite brunch spots and couldn't believe my eyes.. I hadn't reviewed PCG yet!?!\n\nIf someone were to ask me what my favorite brunch dish was, without batting an eye I would respond \Griddled corn cakes from PCG of course\"""". Take corn cakes and cook them to perfection (you know with a few corn kernels stuck in there), stuff them with chicken, green chillis, jack cheese, serve them with salsa fresco, potatoes and black beans. This would also probably be my last meal on earth if I had a choice. \nYou feeling my taste buds? It honestly doesn't get any better. \n\nOutside of brunch, the food here is amazing.  The Rose Lane Chicken, The Surf and Turf, any of the fish dishes.. Everything is made with quality ingredients nothing fancy and full of flavor. They do it right. I held my college graduation dinner here it is that good. I would recommend this to the pickiest of eaters, and it is great for groups."""""""
"""A creep-factor prerequisite must be \names that being with the letter 'A'\"""" and boy, they're in abundance!\nChar's for Amanda's birthday was awesome!  Went with Amandra, Nathan, Kevin and Dottsy.  It was awesome to be able to walk to a place instead of driving to the other side of the Valley!\nThis place has *the* most courteous people working there.  As it turned out, when I went to the bar to get a drink, I knew the owner.  He had a pizza place right next to my house.  It closed down and I haven't had decent pizza since!\nThis was a mixed crowd, which always gives an extra star.  I was afraid to be the only cracker there, but noooooo.  There was \""""white boy in gym shorts\"""" trying to dance with us.  Creepy Anthony (starts with an A!) rubbin' on me as I was sitting at a table.  Oh and asking me \""""If you're single, how do you sexually stimulate yourself?\""""  WTF??  Is this a new pick-up line I hadn't been told about???\nDrinks were priced fairly and strong (or so I'm guessing by everyone around me) and service was quick and super-friendly.\n$6 cover charge is more than reasonable to see an awesome cover band (which I usually hate) and actually get my white ass on the dance floor.  Yes.  Me.  Dancing.  I did the Brady Bunch thumb thing.  Or was it more like Elaine?  Whichever, I had a blast!\nThis is a place that I will go to regularly.  I felt comfortable there, despite Creepy Guy Rubbin' On Me."""""""
I am 100% for supporting little business, especially coffee houses.  I've been to ROOTS, LUX, NEXT, and ELEVATE and this place can compare. Small, cozy and simply good coffee.  Don't forget to try their muffins; I believe they are from a local bakery in  Sun City.\nLast visit I was able to spend a few minutes talking to the owner...family style place keeping this location low-key.  I'd suggest it for an after-date night hang out  or a quick cup to go.\nEither way, get the chance to enjoy :)
I am here so much, I have to give them that fifth star!\n\nWhile the pizza might not be unanimously voted the best in all of the world (although it has received plenty of recognition), it is still pretty effing good.  They have great combinations of quality toppings.  I love the thin crust, I love they have a different, creative market special every week.  They have Four Peaks on tap.  $3 Guinness on Happy Hour.  The salads are delicious.  I crave the house dressing and the white balsamic.  The staff is top notch, totally cool and friendly, and really take the time to get to know their customers.  It is great for families, for cool, casual dates, and low-key gathering of friends.\n\nThis is combination of qualities, and the fact that I am usually there once a week, Nello's in Ahwatukee really is as good as it gets and will continue to be one of my go-to restaurants.
"""I loved Richardson's and this place is the \same\"""" - same menu, etc...the ambiance is terrific here and the server was very prompt and attentive.  I had a lovely Perrier with lime and ice to start - and ordered the Red River Chile sopa.  Let me just say if you don't enjoy spicy, don't bother with this soup.  It contained, beef, red chile, cheese and beans (dollop of salsa fresca).  Very rich flavor from the red chile and a nice kick.  Next, I had the chicken quesadillas - cheesy, crispy and enjoyable.  It came along with a red salsa and a green tomatillo-based salsa.  Great flavors and very fresh food along with a warm, cozy atmosphere.  I will definitely be back!"""""""
Went here on Friday night, came in an hour before it closed (still feel bad about that). I was impressed by the service, very friendly and helpful. The sushi was pretty good though! I will definitely be back there again to try the other rolls..and I also heard the Chicken Katsu sandwich is good, so I might just have that instead. Anyways, we ordered a bunch of rolls,  I REALLY liked the What The Heck roll, it was so goooood! Oh and the Spicy Tuna roll, so much flavor. I also liked the Screaming 'O'.. the sushi was really fresh andddd you know, definitely satisfying. Also, the desert, I really don't know what it was called (I am assuming tempura ice-cream), was phenomenal! I could eat a bunch of those at once..but then I would be fat, I don't want to be fat :(\n\nOne thing though.. I would like to apologize for my friends and I being very obnoxious, opps! \n\nBut yeah, we were all satisfied and I will be coming here again! :)
I am shocked at how much I loved this place.  It is a small building in the middle of a parking lot.  I'm not much of a snow cone (shaved ice)  person, but this was not typical at all.  The ice was creamy and quite tasty.  The cone I had was raspberry blueberry with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream at the bottom.  It was delicious.  I think they had about 100 flavors.  You can get the snow cone by itself or with the ice cream at the bottom.  Like I said, it is not typical at all, you barely tasted the ice.  I will be back for sure, especially if stays this hot at night.
Dear The Roosevelt,\n\nMy friend and I, in town from Boston, came in to enjoy a delicious beer on the night of First Friday.  We thought this would be a big mistake.  Thank you for proving us wrong.  And thank you for proving that you are by far the superior beer drinking and food eating establishment in the downtown area.\n\nWe took it upon ourselves to steal some seats at the bar.  Despite the crowd we were given above and beyond attention by your staff, the lovely ladies behind the bar.  The beer flowed continuously and the food was quick and delectable! (Who knew you could do that to a hot dog?!)\n\nThanks for keeping such an impressive roster of beers on tap! \n\nSee you soon!
"""If you go for lunch, order the salmon salad! I don't care for anything else on the lunch menu that I have tried.\n\nIf you go for dinner, order the prime rib! It is HUGE (one other Yelper referred to it being \Flinstone sized\"""") and it's less than $20! The huge slab is covered in a very tasty demi-glaze. For less than $20, you get a very green salad (not iceburg), your choice of potato (I like the cheesy garlic mashed) and a veggie, plus a basket of bread. Your dog will love you as you will likely need a doggy bag, if you are willing to share your leftovers.\n\nThe atmosphere is relaxing. It is located inside Embassy Suites, so unless the hotel is busy, the restaurant won't be. Great for a Saturday night if you want a good prime rib and want to avoid the crowds."""""""
REVIEW UPDATE WEEWWW WEEEWWW WEEEWWW (that's my review update siren. \n\nSo happy to have stayed at the Ho this week. When Gabi M told me that Firesky was filled and she was putting me at VHo, I didn't complain (secretly it's my fave place when I'm up in Scottsdale). And my fave place just got better, and just got another star because Jesse rocked my socks off with his awesome response to my review of the spa products. This time around I knew to ask for something a little less redflower, a little less Icelandic. I'm sure a lot of people dig it, not this people, er uh me. Anyway, I loved my room, I loved the option to swap soap, I loved that even though the place was at capacity noise was at a minimum, I loved that even when it cooled down to 60 at night people were still at the pool, it was a big ole love fest. Can't wait for my next trip, hopefully everywhere else will be sold out or Gabi will realize that it's my first choice ;). (In other news I think I have Andrea R convinced that we need to work poolside next-time!)
First, there are not that many Maserati's!!!  \n\nA visit to Va Bene is not complete unless you start at the bar.  Matt knows how to tend bar and take care of his regular customers.  The scallops are no longer a part of the 1/2 price appetizers during happy hour.....be a big boy, buck up and buy them anyway, worth every last penny. \n\nIf you find your way in after happy hour - expect to find dancing and large crowds in the bar.  This is the place for adults to see and be seen in The Tuke!\n\nOn the restaurant side, dinners are terrific and the Chef's Specials should always be considered.  Great service and friendly staff.\n\nVa Bene is a gem in the area.  Great food, staff and reasonable prices.  A great place for dinner - just watch out for the cougars!
I used to visit the McCormick-Stillman Railroad Park as a kid in the late 80's.  The park has only gotten better.  It leaves you with really good, lasting memories: \n\nHot summer days, Rocket Pops, birthday parties, soft serve frozen yogurt, train rides, climbing on the stagecoach and playing pirates, tossing the football around...this place is synonymous with good times and it won't break the bank either.\n\nHistory buffs will like the parked train car exhibit at the entrance, which shows how riding trains used to be (people really rode in style).\n\nTwice a year now I visit the train park with my sister and nephew.  I think for adults, it can get old.  But the kids don't seem to tire of it =)  The last time I visited, I saw Tom Chambers with his family.  You never know who you'll run into.\n\nThe park itself is fantastic.  It has everything from a soft rubber padded playground, swings, slides, sand, water features, two sizes of trains that run (both fun to ride), a carousel, stores, food, shade, sun, air, room to move around and mountain views.  Everyone comes to this park.  Visitors are very diverse and there are musical events in the evenings during certain times of the year.
So I knew ahead of time about the wait. So we got there at 3:30 and waited for an hour and a half until they opened. But we were able to be seated as soon as they opened.\n\nLet me just say that I've never had anything even close to the kind of pizza that we got. It's outstanding! \n\nI highly recommend the caprese salad, antipasto and the rosa pizza. Though I'm pretty sure that it's all amazing, no matter what you get.
"""After months of suggesting Thai Hut for take-out, I am finally fulfilled! I have been wanting to come back and eat but being the good wife, we have gone to other Thai places to satisy my husband. By this point, I finally put my foot down and said \DO NOT try to talk me out of Thai Hut!!!\"""" (True story, ask my husband.) I pretty much only get one thing here, the garlic pepper chicken ($10). Considering I HATE pepper in my food, this dish is delicious to me (hence why I am loyal to it). It is chopped chicken mixed with cabbage, broccoli, carrots with a nice garlicky broth. They give a pile of white rice with it, too, which is just perfect. If I put my mind to it, I can EASILY polish off most of this dish. Well, maybe the lunch size which is still a good portion. With the lunch, I can make a second meal. With a dinner, I had plenty for dinner and was able to split the rest into two lunches. Sweet! Garlic pepper chicken two more meals????? It doesn't get any better than that. If you have a chance to eat-in, try and score a window table facing McDowell...great people watching and views of the city streets. I just love it!"""""""
"""I'm fairly new to the whole Costco experience. Now that we've bought a house it's time to buckle down and buy in bulk! As as new user I'd thought it would be helpful to post the following neat services Costco has to offer:\n\n1. Great deals on contact lenses. Before I would buy my contacts from justlenses.com but through Costco I bought 8 boxes (a year's supply) and received $50 off! $25 off via instant rebate at the cashier and another $25 off via mail-in rebate which came in less than a month after the order.\n\n2. PIZZA AND HOT DOGS. The take out pizza is huge and only 9.99 and the hot dog and coke pair is only 1.50. These make for a delicious and quick lunch. They also have smoothies and salads if you're looking for something on the \lighter\"""" side.\n\n3. Food expos come and go often. Recently I got a deal on a 10 pack of pita bread, a huge container of hummus and pita chips for 12 bucks. The company was from California and let customers try as many samples as they pleased.  It was well worth the money and super fresh!\n\n4. And here's where I feel Costco has really benefited me. My fiance and I booked our honeymoon to Tahiti through Costo Travel! I'm big on comparing prices before making a big purchase and Costco was hands down the best price. It included seven nights, hotel and round-trip airfare all for one great deal. The customer service agent I spoke with was friendly and more than willing to answer my 500 questions about travel. I would recommend Costco Travel to anybody looking for reliable customer service and excellent travel/airfare packages."""""""
What a way to make your sub for only 5 bucks!!  You have the choice of all kinds of meats and toppings plus killer shakes too!!  If you need a quick fix or want to sneek food into the movies stop by here you will not be disappointed!  Turkey pastrimi, buffalo chicken and gyro meats are to die for.  Just grab a sharpe. write your name on the top of the bag and check off the things you want on the sub..  that simple - well for some...  Its hard for me to pick what I want.
Loved this place.  Out of all the five local coffee joints I stopped by during a trip to Phoenix, this one I'd have to say was the best of them.  I drove past them while pursuing breakfast, but decided to stop by on my way back down 7th, to have a cup of coffee and figure out what to do with the rest of my day.\n\nThere isn't a ton of parking, but there is plenty of places to park on the street.  It's a small, cozy, repurposed gas station as everyone else has pointed out, and the interior is simple, yet relaxing feeling.  Parents with their kids sit outside of this kind of place.  Older people relax with a cup of coffee with their dog on a leash at this kind of place.  Younger hipsters hang out inside on their mobile devices at this kind of place.  The garage door was open, so a cool morning in Arizona could be enjoyed by everyone.  The couches inside were precariously cushy as they engulf you when you sit down.\n\nThe cookie I ordered as a dessert to breakfast was still warm when it was served to me.  The chocolate chips were gooey and soft, and it was practically right out of a commercial, with a slow camera pan on my hands as I ripped a chunk off with a rivulet of milky chocolate stretching away.  The coffee was not burnt-tasting or overly bitter, and was probably the best I had on my trip.\n\nAnd everyone who worked there was polite and friendly.  Several of them took the time to address my questions about the area, and if they had any suggestions of anything to do, whether it was in the city or out in Surprise where I was headed.\n\nThe experience as a whole was easily worth five stars.  Convenient location, free parking, great atmosphere, friendly staff, and quality products.  Easily a repeat trip next time I'm out in Phoenix.
Easy 5 star fun at the Phoenix Zoo. I've never seen critters so closeup before. At the Monkey Village, they don't even have cages. The giraffes came right up to us. I spent half my beer money on fishheads and shrimp feeding the stingrays. It was a blast!\n\nWe had great time!\nyow, bill\n\nPS - I've never commented on other people's reviews before. But jeez. When someone goes to the zoo and complains about the cost of a hot dog or a snow cone... well, for spider monkey's sake, get a clue!
This place is great! First of all I called on a Sunday to see if they were open. Well, they are closed on Sunday but that didn't stop the owner from picking up the phone and talking to me. He was really cool. Says he works about 5 hours on Sunday just prepping for the next week!\nAnyway, we went during the week. I got an italian beef w/provolone and the wife got the chicken salad. Very tasty, homemade food. A very friendly, family owned business. What's not to love?!\nI really appreciate these types of businesses in the community so I will be back frequently to support them. \nPlease give them a try. You will not be disappointed.
How do I love thee Savers? \nLet me count the ways...\nI love this Savers. It's so great, I can hardly put it into words. \nSome of the best Halloween costumes I've ever had have been purchased here and some of the most random items you'll ever see can be found amongst the racks. \nThe greatest 70's jumpsuit in the history of man was found here.  It's the real deal, complete with rainbow colored stripes going up the leg and across the chest.  It even has a little matching jacket that goes with it.  I wore this for my 70's dance in high school and a few times around the house for no reason at all. I like to think about the person who actually wore this in the 70's. I can picture her dancing the night away at some disco in the jumpsuit and platform shoes. \nBut the strangest thing I've found here has to be my balloon crew jumpsuit. I still don't know why I bought it- I'll never wear it, but I laughed so hard when I first saw it that I had tears coming out of my eyes. It's yellow and has the words 'balloon crew' embroidered on the front and two huge hot air balloons embroidered on the back. It's so weird. But it was clearly once a real jumpsuit from some hot air balloon crew. Who knew they even existed. \nI do now, thanks to Savers. \nGo see what you can find!
I've had this place bookmarked ever since it started showing up as a hot spot on Yelp.  And, I'd have to say, at this point, this is my favorite find off of Yelp.  It is close-ish to me which is super exciting as well.  Half way through my meal, I was dreaming of getting take-out nights after a long day at work (it is even closer to where I work).  It was just that good!\n\nThe owner is ADORABLE and provides entertainment through out the meal.  An Italian speaking family happened to be in the restaurant when we arrived, and they were throwing around Italian like crazy.  I enjoyed this as I got to pretend I knew what they were saying and construct a dialogue in my head.  \n\nMy friend and I shared the caprese salad- standard, vegetarian pizza-delicious and spaghetti pomodora-amazing.  I usually don't order things like spaghetti at restaurants but it seemed to be calling my name, and I'm so glad I was listening.  The sauce is awesome and had my taste buds dancing.  \n\nI loved it, and went home very happy with my meal.  I feel pity for people who are part of the anti-carb cult and might miss out on such a gem.
Brunch!\n\nMy friend and I came in on a Saturday early afternoon. The place was well seated for Brunch. On request I asked to sit by the open kitchen bar, even though it was closed at the time, they were happy to accommodate. Check One! \n\nGot to the bar table and was happy to see busy chefs mastering different areas of expertise. From stone ovens, to open flame grills. The service was phenomenal. Our wait-staff, as it seemed, was great. There were several staff members to help with the menu and movement throughout the meal. Check Two!\n\nI took our server's recommendation of the Egg Sandwich on croissant, with bacon, avocado and a side of fresh yogurt, berries, and granola. The sandwich came out perfectly; wet, but not runny. Check Three!\nI love seeing the EXTRA detail in service in restaurants. Example would be before my meal came out, they brought a spoon for my soon-to-be-eaten yogurt. Or the fact that there was another craft of lemonade. Check Four!\n\nHaving Verdejo Sauvignon Blanc wine by the glass. Check Five!\n\nThanks Olive and Ivy! I'll be back soon.
The Container Store has finally arrived in Arizona!\n\nI fell in love with this store when I lived in DC and I'm so glad that we now have one in our own backyard.\n\nThe Container Store is an organizers heaven and a dis-organized persons savior!You can organize your entire house, office, closet, whatever you want...there is a container for everything! \n\nIf you haven't been to a Container Store before, go and check out the new store here in AZ...you won't be disappointed!!
"""So I came in for a quick beer before heading home. After my beer I decided I wanted a grey goose dirty martini with bleu cheese stuffed olives. I should know better right?  \n\nI asked the bartender if there was any chance they had bleu cheese stuffed olives because I really wanted a martini with them.  She said no. The frown on my face must have put her into service mode because she said, \we have blue cheese crumbles.\"""". I tiled my head to the side and raised my eyebrows and then...she said \""""I guess I could stuff some for you.\"""". I smiled and off she went to the kitchen after grabbing 3 large olives from the bar. \n\nService is everything. Especially when places are willing to go above and beyond for an \""""off the menu\"""" item. \n\nBravo Az\u00f6\u00f6ls, Bravo."""""""
"""I'm not a fan of sea food, but this place is a must. I call it \the best spot to recover from a hang over\"""", no kidding. This was my 3rd time and I was as pleased as the last 2. \n\nTry the toritos (peppers filled with shrimp and wrapped in bacon, on a soy-like sauce). Three of those plus a \""""michelada\"""" (beer with lime juice, clamato and salt) and you'll be better than with an IV. You can also try the shrimp broth, it takes you back from the grave (the booze grave).\n\nThe shrimp cocktail is great, with fresh cucumber. Pour some lime juice and ask for ketchup and you'll be thrilled. \n\nMy brother had the shrimp wrapped in bacon, there were pretty good.\n\nThe service was pretty good and friendly. Actually I went there with a friend who has several restaurants and restaurant experience and he pointed out that the service was better than average. \n\nOne note. If you're white supremasist, a mexican hater, kkk, confederated, Arpaio lover and so on, this might not be your place. Most of the patrons are hispanic and also all the waitresses. \n\nI almost forgot it, they play \""""banda\"""" music which I find hideous but the food worth the music pain, specially if you're hung over.\n\nThis is as close as you can get to the real mexican seafood restaurant that could be found in Cancun, Puerto Vallarta, Ixtapa, etc."""""""
Was here on a Friday night. It was a default restaurant, because the one I wanted to go to was no longer there. This place was packed and was an hour long wait. I grumbled and whined, because I thought it was going to be like the Olive Garden. Boy was i wrong! The service was awesome. While the crowd waited, they passed out pizza samples and made sure everyone that wanted one got one. Once seated our server Clint (shout out to Clint!) was the best waiter I have ever encountered. Even though the restaurant was packed, he sat down to explain all the good things to order. We ended getting a small greek salad, Half Mama spinato & The Combo pizza, and a small cheese pizza. Everything was delicious. Shockingly, the stand out was the Cheese pizza. Will definitley be back to this place. Don't let the long wait scare you away. It's worth it.
"""My first visit to Fez will definitely not be my last!  The happy hour drink specials were a great way to start a memorable evening. I ordered the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries as a starter to share with my 4 companions.  They were perfectly prepared--just the right combo of crispy, spicy, salty--and the 5 of us were unable to finish them all!  We each ordered a different entree and every plate except mine was clean.  The Tangier burger was amazing with garlicky hummus, tasty manchego cheese, pesto, oven dried tomatoes (that thankfully were not over-dry and chewy) and a half pound of delicious beef served on just the right proportion of ciabatta bread.  I just couldn't eat it all, but look forward to having the leftovers for lunch today.  A great surprise was the extra large cup of coffee after dinner.  I hope my email to the restaurant will result in them telling me what blend of coffee they use...it was heavenly!\n\nThe ambiance of FEZ is lively:  \sleek and urban\"""" is accurate.  Early on a Friday night the place was crowded and noisy, and it does attract a 'young-ish' crowd (um, I felt 'old' but that won't inhibit me from a return trip)!  Another plus:  excellent service."""""""
Well, we've been here every week since I posted my last review.  Menu has changed slightly but the quality has not.  I wouldn't recommend the squash blossom app but they have added their guac fest guacamole to the regular menu and those are absolutely fabulous.  I tried their chipotle mango margarita and it was awesome (but no longer on the menu), the elderflower margarita is also awesome - so much so we went out and bought a bottle of St. Germain.  I know I mentioned it in my last review but it deserves repeating, the short rib entree is absolutely unbelievable.  Mole is great too.\n\n2 appetizers, 2 entrees, 2 margaritas = around $200 with tip - a good deal for what you're getting.
I went to Scottsdale Healthcare Shea for the many support groups and classes they offer. Most events are free to the public and are in place to serve the community.\n\nWhen I went to my first support group, it was run by a licensed psychologist (a big plus for support groups, as sometimes they can go a negative way and need someone there that can handle the sensitive topics). The group was warm and embracing! I felt at home and comfortable sharing my thoughts and ideas, all of which were received nicely. The group offered continued resources, tips, and ideas. \n\nIf you're looking for classes, support groups, or events this is the place to go: http://www.shc.org/Events
I love the sandwiches here, they serve fresh bread and meat that can't be beat!! Both Chicken and Beef cheese steak are superb and the Bobbie is in a league of it's own. I don't know how I lived on the other Sub chains before finding Capriotti's call in your order and give them about 15 mins and you will be eating shortly upon arrival.  The largest sandwich cost about 12.50 but at 20 inches two people can dine nicely, all I can say is bring your appetite and you won't be disappointed
"""We live about 30-40 minutes away from SMG but it has become our number one place to go for date night by far! Given, you do have to get there early or purchase reserved seats online in order to get the good seats, but how many other theaters even give you the option of reserving your own seats without paying a ridiculous amount of money? For about a dollar more than regular price you can sit wherever you choose to and get there a little later and not wait in line.\n\nAs for us, we love getting there about 30 to 45 minutes early so we can order food and drinks and enjoy the meal before the movie begins. Doing so allows us to eat at our own pace and with the lights on, and then nibble and snack on whatever we didn't finish throughout the film! \n\nOn that note the food is delicious. Every time we go, we try something new and haven't been disappointed with any item on the menu. The best part for me at least is that I tend to drink soft drinks quite a bit during movies, so having a refill on demand by pushing a button is a revelation! Don't forget to indulge in the popcorn as well, since it is popped from a very high quality, large popping kernel and served with a side of real melted butter (not butter flavored topping), so you can douse it in butter or leave it off if you want a healthier option.\n\nThe staff from top to bottom was exemplary and attentive. I had originally thought the wait staff would be extremely distracting, but they are discrete and do their best to be as invisible as possible as they bring everything from popcorn and drinks to full meals at any time you want before or even during the film. \n\nGreat execution and the food is no more expensive than a typical bill from Chili's, however the quality of the food is head and shoulders above your typical bar and grill fare. \n\nA smart tip for those complaining about waiting in a long line: they have a line dedicated to people who pre-purchase tickets. That includes people who purchased through Groupon as well as SMGs online site. With the \On-Call\"""" line we have never waited more than 5 minutes and usually use our Groupon, which they run regularly and is five dollars which includes any movie and a non-alcoholic drink. $5 for a movie, drink and a speed pass through the line? Who complains about that?"""""""
"""This is the best Pizza EVER! We order it here at work all the time and everyone loves it. For dine in it is nice too, and at lunch they do two types of service... if you want to get your food and get out you can order at the counter and they call your number. If you want to be served, they have waiter service too. It is a bit pricey, $18 per large pizza but well worth it.  PS, They DO deliver as of a couple months ago.\n\nMy manager says \MMMMMMMMMM\"""""""""""
"""psssst.... c'mere...... let me let you in on something kinda cool.  Medizona might be the best restaurant you've never heard of.  I mean, really, how is this place not huge?!   I don't have the descriptors to let you know how much I like this place.  \n\nThe food here is creative, attractively presented and fantastic on the palate.  It's southwestern and mediterrenean.  Yeah, \huh?\""""  I know.  I had the same reaction.  It's like Chino Bandido, it doesn't make sense, it doesn't sound like it'd work, but it does.  Go try it for yourself.   Ratatouille quesadilla.  Chorizo potato cake.  Lamb with a moussaka tart with red pepper sauce. And, of course, the prickly pear tiramisu.\n\nGo. \n\nTonight."""""""
I have to knock this up to 5 stars and give you all a recommendation for your visit...\n\nGET A SUNSET RESERVATION!!!\n\nThe first time I went, we had a 9:00 reservation because we made it on the same day.  This time, I called about 2.5 months in advance in an attempt to make a sunset reservation (in a booth) as a surprise for my boyfriends birthday.  It was perfect!  I couldn't have orchestrated the evening any better.  We got there at 7:30 and as soon as our celebratory cocktail hit the table, the thin blinds rose and we had an unbelievable view-it was almost too perfect!  I also made a better choice for this order and went with roasted chicken served over truffle macaroni and cheese.  It was to die for!
I love this place!!\n\nI've never been a fan of group training of any kind because I feel like a total goober jumping around in front of strangers and steady state cardio is my nemesis e.g. treadmills, elliptical etc. I do only enough to keep my heart healthy and prefer lifting heavy weight with some active rest, getting me in and out of the gym in 45 minutes tops; but I have a confession to make....I'm in love with Zumba. \n\nI hate saying the word. I wish it had another name. Zumba! Zumba! Zumba!\nThere, maybe I can get over it and move forward.\n\nThe vibe at In The RA is truly fantastic and unlike anything I've experienced anywhere else. It's clear from the moment you walk in that this studio is the owners proverbial 'baby' and that feeling of genuine acceptance and caring extends to the entire staff. You actually feel like a total goober jumping around with a bunch of friends instead of strangers...and that I don't mind.\n\nIn The RA offers a slew of other classes as well including Real Ryder (which is like a spin class on steroids), Turbo Kick (my least favorite, meh) and even Yoga/Pilates. I believe there is some sort of 'Flirty Fitness' class as well, which, if a pole were involved I'd be much more game to try.  (homegirl can work a pole ...shhhh)\n\nAnyway, you get the point.\n\nMy gym of choice is right next door, Tangible Fitness, so it's convenient to get some training in and then walk over for a class. I can't say Zumba anymore without my brain exploding so I'm going to leave it at that. \n\nThanks for bringing such a great studio to the valley and much success to you In The RA!
This is a newer location in the Valley and it is fantastic. My husband and I came here with the living social deal. We have been to Melting Pot before so we knew what to expect.\n\nI booked my reservation, put my living social number in and asked for a private room. We went on a Wednesday, the place was very quiet. (It was the only day we could get a baby sitter so sue me)\n\nThe private booths are an L shaped booths and you will be cuddling but you can stretch out in order to eat. \n\nThe staff was very friendly and it was endless entree, we had absolutely too much of everything including:\n\nCheddar Cheese Fondue (This was amazing, with a beer base...cheese and beer...come on HEAVEN)\n\nHouse and Caesar Salads\n\nCog Au Vin Entree Broth (utterly amazing)\n\nThen we got to dessert. We asked for them to add Creme De Menth for a mint chocolate fondue. Let me tell you...this...was...AMAZING. Best fondue I have ever had hands down.\n\nThe Moscato wine is also worth noting, we purchased a bottle and it was one of the best Moscatos I have ever had.\n\nWe love Melting Pot and they delivered last night. We would love to go back again soon!
My husband and I came for the Sushi Master class on Saturday afternoon and left not only knowledgeable, but fat and happy. Class started with mojitos and continued with sake and Japanese beer as we snacked on edamame and calamari and we learned about fileting fish, different types of sushi and sashimi and eventually made our own. We prepared our own butterfish tetaki and California rolls and were served various other sushi and sashimi prepared by the chefs throughout the afternoon. When taking this class DO NOT plan on making dinner plans after because you will be to stuffed to move, let alone eat anything else. Not only is the class a great value for the money but it's a lot of fun and you really learn something new and unique. Roka Akor, you've done it again.
Holey mother of awesomeness! I've been here twice now and am just as enthusiastic about the joint as i was the first time ( I didn't review the first time because I had been drinking all day and, well, everything tastes good after that). In my quest to ensure my kids are total foodies like me,  I took my little 5 year old daughter to dinner here. First off, let me tell you that you'll pass the place if you're not careful. It seems small, but is suprisingly roomy. On to the good stuff, er should I say GREAT stuff. The menu is focused, probably 20 items on the menu. They range from tacos to tortas, tamales etc. WE ended up getting 5 tacos (fried fish (2), pastor,lengua and tripa. I also got a Oaxacan hot dog and a horchata. The dog was out of this world. It had beans, bacon, avocado, tomatoes, jalapeno and crema. Killer. The tacos are great too, and only $1.25 which is why I gobbled so many of them. the horchata was BY FAR the best I've ever had. Total damage...only $17!!!!! Say Whaaat????  Just a super awesome place, great service with a super proud owner (I assume, big dude. Nicest big guy in the world). He even let my daughter look in the kitchen!! Go there, now. Drop what you're doing and go. I can't wait to go back to this awesome joint!!
What a FANTASTIC find!  My first trip to Ireland was earlier this year, and I've been craving pasties ever since.  After a random Google search, I found this place..followed by a quick lookup of reviews on Yelp.  Let me tell you, the excellent reviews on Yelp are spot on!\n\nToday was my first visit.  I ordered 2 pasties for pickup during my lunch hour, as I figured I'd eat half of each one and save the rest for dinner(IF it was any good).  I got the Cheese Steak(10 out of 10) and the Shepherd's Pie(8 out of 10).  After a 15 minute drive back to work, they were still piping hot!  And the taste absolutely blew me away.  The Cheese Steak was PHENOMENAL....it will be hard not to order that the next few times I go, but eventually I'd like to try the many other creations they have.\n\nI've heard their Happy Hour is fantastic, so I intend on rounding up some friends to check that out sometime soon!
This is a great place to get a protein packed chicken sandwich fast. The people that work here are friendly and the drive thru moves pretty fast. I only wish they were open on Sundays for my afternoon workout post meal. Other than that I like this place and that says a lot coming from me. Only downside is that it does get pricey but you get what you pay for and it's better than McDonalds (Which I never eat)!!!
I don't know what's not to love about this place?\nBrunch is great. The bellini is delicious and not too sweet.\nEveryone knows about $20 night. I love all the bruschettas, but my 4 go-to are the white bean, fig/prosciutto, tomato jam, and mozzarella/basil. Beware: Mon/Tues are packed right around 8. You're better off going around 9-9:30.\nThe sandwiches here are also tasty. I've had the autostrada and tuna. The tuna is so good that my tuna-hating mom is the one who recommended it! You can also do half sandwich/salad. The mixed greens salad is great, but the Italian Picnic is my favorite! And not just because it has delicious bacon, but it does help.\nIf wine isn't your thing, they have 4 beers on tap and more in bottles. And during happy hour (11-5 every day), pitchers are $5. It's not a huge pitcher, but enough to get 3 beers out of it. Glasses of wine are also $5 during happy hour.
Having left my packed lunch safely in the fridge at home (an event that happens far more often than I'd like to admit) I set off to try something new for lunch today. Fiesta Burrito was a great choice; thank you yelp!\n\nI ordered the machaca plate, no. 11. A generous helping of machaca with egg, onions, peppers, cheese, and rice and beans on the side. A flour tortilla to scoop it all up with, some fresh pico de gallo and salsa verde from the salsa bar and I was set for a great lunch.\n\nThe food was great and inexpensive. The service was friendly and the location was very clean. \n\nThey have a big menu with several combination plates, all with rice and beans, breakfast food served all day, and some great a la carte options if you don't want the full meal.\n\nCompared to other drive-through/quick order Mexican food places around, my meal here was comparable to Carolina's. That's the highest praise I can think to give a place like this.\n\nI'll definitely be back.
the best Midle Eastern (multinational) Food store in town. i was really shock with aht i have seen inside. it was agreat experience to me. inside the store you can find every thing you need from all over the world. they have all kind of midle easternm, indian, europain ...spices. also there is a small restaurant called Al-hana restaurant , oh my god, the best and most delicious shawarma i have ever taste.\nat the back of the store you find a treasure, a daily processed fresh 100 %halal meat ( i asked about it and they told me that all the beef, goat, lamb are slaughtered by the managers of the store weekly at the slaughter house and it is inspected by the state inpectors) they cut it the way you want. the price is very low compared to other stores, ( $4.49 for a lb of ribeye stake and $6.99 /lb for a frresh filet minion) that amazing really. \nalso they have the fresh daily backed pita bread ( exclusive in town) and no preservatives ( white , and 100% wheat) it is only $0.69 for a pack of 6 loaves) umbeleivable. \ni like also the fresh vegetable section ( small persian cucumber is only for $0.99/lb) they look and taste really good. \ni would like to go back again , i know it is a little far but i would like to drive all the way because it is great.
I started hearing about this place a few years ago.  However it is a bit of a drive from Glendale.  Last week I was querying some friends for an herb I needed to fill an old recipe.  One of them suggested Penzey's and after looking on line to see they carried it and knowing I was going to be in the East Valley today I made it a point to stop in.  I'm hooked!  I saw so many things that I had looked for elsewhere in the past and could never find.  This will now be the first place I head for for those items you just cannot find anywhere.
What a gem of a restaurant! I knew something was up when there was a wait for a table for lunch after 1 pm!!-sat at the bar and tried the flatbread pizza(capicola and artichoke) which was amazingly good. Returned the next day for dinner with 5 others-loved the grilled salmon with curried chickpeas and cauliflower. The hummus/tzatziki appetizer with olives was delicious and large enough to share with all! My friends meals included roasted chicken, Thai BBQ ribs, pork chops and squash enchiladas which were all excellent. Friendly service and great atmosphere-one of my new favorites...I highly recommend this restaurant.
Another Phoenix gem hidden in a strip mall...\n\nTouch of Thai has an extensive menu that includes beef, chicken, pork, seafood, and dedicated vegetarian sections.  Since I was a bit overwhelmed with all of the choices, I let our wonderful server, Nick, choose for me -- on two separate occasions.  I indicated that I wanted something spicy-hot, a thick gravy/sauce, and some vegetables.  One time he selected a delectable red curried vegetable beef plate, the other was a yellow penang curried salmon platter.  Without fail, each plate was skillfully prepared, spiced to my preference, extremely tasty, and served with a smile.\n\nI enjoy the communal rice that comes with most menu selections, the five or so spices that are brought to the side of each table, and the relaxed atmosphere.\n\nI noticed one reviewer comment that some of the dishes are simple variations on Chinese fare.  Although all of the dishes had their Thai names listed next to them, there might be some truth to that criticism.  But in the end, so what -- you can't go wrong.\n\nAnd as I type this review, I'm starting to think that I'm going to make it an early lunch there today.\n\nPROS:\nEverything tastes (so damn) good\nLarge menu (something for everyone)\nNick (a very nice and extremely helpful server)\nRather inexpensive\nLaid back and casual atmosphere\n\nCONS:\nWhen it gets crowded, you'll be waiting (as it seems to be understaffed)\nSome menu items seem to be more Chinese than Thai (but good nonetheless, so I don't really know if that's a true con)
Adore this place, seriously fabulous times spent here. \n\nA+ - Ambience. Dimly lit, Architecturally comfortable, Open yet intimate seating\nA+ - Crowd. Meet great people here; professional, classy, intriguing \nA+ - Service. They'll seat you where you prefer and will never leave your glass empty (; \nA+ - Menu. Amazing food. Simple yet different and delicious. Fun to try something new, they always serve fab specials. Extensive wine list, Happy Hour has 1/2 half bottles!! \n\nGo here when you're in Phx, Az
Yard House is the place that my fam goes 90% of the time when we go out to eat... My hubby and I love love love the Classic Cheeseburger! Hands down, no joke, the BEST hamburger either of us has ever had! Their appetizers are delish! We love the nachos (minus beans) but be careful not to ruin your dinner cuz they are humongo. They have a wide variety of foods, all delicious! We have never had bad service here either. Mmm,mmm,mmm good!
"""After trying several of the other bbq joints in the valley, I might have finally found the \ONE\""""! Had the 4 bone rib meal with sweet corn medley and potato salad, and it was all delicious. The ribs literaly melted in my mouth and weren't smothered in sauce like some other places. The service was super warm and friendly as well. I will definitely be back! \n\nThis place is only open Mon-Fri 10:30-3:00. The place gets crowded for lunch. Get here right when they open or after the lunch hour."""""""
"""Do you know what \scampi\"""" really is? \nI learned new food fact at Marcellino this week, something I should have known, but most of us probably don't. \""""Scampi\"""" is an animal - a type of lobster that looks a lot like a shrimp. I've always assumed \""""scampi\"""" was the shrimp in butter and garlic dish, but it turns out that is an American bastardization of the term. Real scampi is a particular type of lobster - not very common and very expensive, which is probably how the shrimp and garlic bit happened along. BTW, Marcellino's REAL scampi is lovely, served grilled \""""on the half shell\"""". Plan on sucking all the tasty bits off the shell."""""""
I seriously think this place gets better every time I go! Went again last night. We split the crispy shrimp tacos and the short rib barbacoa. SOOOO good! I like the dressing they put on the shrimp, but the sauce for the barbacoa was also great! This time I veered from my dark and stormy to get a mai tai that was delicioso.\nand I can't get over how much I LOVE their chips and salsa (normally I couldn't care less about chips and salsa but here I continue to eat them long after I'm full of tacos, rice and beans!)
"""Smashburger has just recently opened and is a quantum upgrade over the restaurant that used to occupy that space. I thought I would brave the Friday lunch crowd and try this newly opened restaurant today. I got there right before the line started forming 20 deep.\n\nI had a regular smashburger on an egg bun (without cheese) and a drink for $6.65. My burger was adorned with mustard, sweet relish, grilled onions, tomatoes and regular red onions (I didn't ask for the red onion, but it was good). The food runner even commented on how good that burger looked. Well you know what, it was Awesome. They even have people circling aroung topping off your drinks. My only complaint is that they didn't serve the drinks in the \to go\"""" cups. I promise to bring back my \""""restaurant glass\"""" the next time I visit."""""""
"""I had an amazing dinner tonight at Quiessence.  When we made the reservation they asked if we were celebrating anything; we were, so when we sat down we were given 3 glasses of complimentary champagne.  \n\nWe started with a plate of three delicious cheeses.  They have a huge selection of cheeses, probably about 20, and we chose a goat, a smoked gouda and a jack.  All delicious and served with crostini, perfectly melt-in-your-mouth bartlett pears, pecans, honey and quince paste.  Great start.\n\nOur next course we shared two salads - an octopus carpaccio and field green salad.  Both good.\n\nMy main course was AMAZING.  It was heritage turkey with mashed potatoes and carrots.  I ate every bite.  SO flavorful.  My dad had a beef sirloin that was perfectly cooked and delicious with a side of fingerling potatoes.  My mom got swordfish.  It was not cooked properly when it first came out, but they promptly corrected the problem, so i can't fault them for that.\n\nThe ambience was great including a live but not distracting singer and a warm crackling fireplace.  In addition, I want to give big props to the servers for knowing everything about the food they served.  She knew where the fish was caught, how the beef was raised, what certifications the turkey farm had achieved.  It is great to be able to get those kind of answers with zero attitude when you ask the question.\n\nMy only reservations would be 1) definitely is \slow\"""" food, maybe a tad too slow but so delicious it was worth it and they said they were short staffed and 2) i'm not sure i buy that their seafood is sustainable.  They served atlantic cod and atlantic swordfish.  My understanding is that both of these fish stocks are pretty severely depleted.  I asked and was told that the fisherman they buy from are committed to sustainable methods, but I'm not sure (personally, for me, at least) that it is possible to sustainably fish a stock that is in danger.\n\nAll in all though, a fantastic night and i can't wait to return!"""""""
If I could give it 10 stars I would. My GF and myself were on our way up to Sedona and we found this place from Yelp. The owner Dan is absolutely friendly like everyone has said. The place is small and clean. Place has only been open for 4 months so the place does not have much character yet. The food is spectacular. Big flavors and low prices. The al pastor is amazing. I wish Dan the best luck in his new restaurant but by the way this food taste he won't need luck. It is just a matter of time till this place blows up!\nWill be making sure to come back next time in Phoenix.
"""I love pueblo pediatric also!  And, also surprised there aren't any reviews!\nThere staff is always friendly and helpful. Rooms are always clean.\n I take my baby to Dr. Salek. He always answers all of our questions and never makes us feel \stupid\"""" for asking. He also takes his time and even asks us how we are doing. Most physicians these days are in and out of the room before you can even feel like your questions are answered, but Dr. Salek really takes his time. \nI went in during a very busy day...flu season actually.  My baby had a fever and I called the office to fit me in. They did surprisingly and I saw Dr. Salek. He examined my baby and reassured me his fever is fighting off infection and not to worry.  Well as any mom, I was worried and continued with my questions...I was there for 30 min with him and not once did he make me feel rushed. I even thanked him for squeezing us in and he replied \""""we would rather stay later to see all our sick patients than to send you to urgent care because we are overbooked\"""". \nNow that's what I call service...if only MY doctor would fit me in and not send me to urgent care!\nI haven't seen the other physicians but am sure they are just as good! Also, they are a private practice from what I know so each physician owns part of the practice...meaning they take pride in what they do!"""""""
Not sure I can much more than the other yelpers here...but man, this place was truly awesome.  If you are headed to the Scottsdale area, make your reservation now - they are hard to get last minute, unless you want to eat at 9:30pm.  The bar area is a bit small, but it included two large communal tables for dining so you could lucky and snag a spot there.  \n\nMy girlfriends and I shared the table-side guacamole (medium level) and crispy cola pork to start - both were fab, I felt sad when the plates were empty. The margarita's are cold, strong and made to perfection.\n\nFor dinner, we again shared.. Grilled Street Corn (off the cob) and four types of the street tacos: Butternut Squash, Chicken, Skirt Steak and Barbocoa.  We devoured every morsel on the plate.  Each dish was super flavorful and had just the right amount of heat.\n\nGreat service, atmosphere and food!  I wish this place was in my hood... but for now, I just look forward to my next visit to Scottsdale.
This place was fantastic.  We were skeptical when we noticed that the parking lot was empty (as was the restaurant).  However, we both ordered the fajitas (mine were veggie, and my husband's were shrimp), and they were wonderful!  The chips (thin and crisp) and the salsa (poured from a cute little decanter) were an excellent start to a simply delicious meal.  Our waiter was very nice and attentive.  \nI would definitely recommend this restaurant for its service and its food.
"""Had so much fun there for our son's birthday in July. Phoenix feels like a mini city coming from San Diego. We had a view of the airplanes coming in from the west and could see the city wake-up to the morning. The kids liked seeing into the highrise office buildings nearby, too.  Room service was so fun with a suprise birthday candle in the cake! There is a \suspended\"""" pool on the 4th floor that we looked down on and we saw all the furniture blow into the pool when a huge windstorm kicked up. Walking distance to a mall with some decent restaurants if you don't want to dine-in. You CANNOT beat the beds. They are a special brand for these hotels and they are THE selling point for my husband when weighing out the cost of the room!! Very good experience!"""""""
"""I love this place! Being a beer lover, I was excited to hear that they carried close to 40 beers on tap. I knew I had to go check the place out, just due to that. We stopped by on a Saturday (and then again on Sunday) for beers & food.\n\nWhen I asked for a beer menu, the server told me that they pretty much no longer carry any of the crap domestics (Budweiser, Michelob, etc). +1!\n\nThey have plenty of craft ales and lagers to choose from, so even a budwiper lover can find something good here. To the more seasoned beer veteran, there are a plethora of beers will statisfy your tastes. Everything from seasonal summer ales to stouts and everything else you can think of, from good breweries. They have a large selection of beers from Rogue, Stone, Abita, Left Hand, Four Peaks, Sonoran and many more. Nice to see them carrying the local stuff too.\n\nFor starters, we've tried the chopped salad (sans pepperoni) and a parmesan garlic pretzels. Both were superb. The pretzels appear to be made out of pizza dough and they are oh so delish.\n\nFor the main course, I've ordered up 2 different hoagies, both times with Tempeh.\n\nVegetarians listen up! This place has you covered. They've got grilled Tempeh, jerk Tempeh, pesto Tempeh, BBQ Tempeh and Tofu as well.\n\nI've had the \tempeh hoagie\"""" and the \""""jerk\"""" hoagie with tempeh subbed in. Both were immensely enjoyed and quickly devoured. If you're a vegetarian that's missing a cheese-steak style meal, get your arse over to Mellow Mushroom and try out one of their tempeh hoagies."""""""
So I yelped what was around in the North Scottsdale/Shea area and decided to listen to my fellow yelpers and headed over to the VSC for a sannich. \n\nThe only thing that I know about Vermont is that maple syrup, rainbow flags and deer meat is responsible for 95% of the state's GDP. Besides that, I wasn't aware that their sandwiches were going to be as amazing as they were. This place thrives on selling freshness. They don't own a freezer, everything is made from scratch and cut in the morning. \n\nI had the Long Trail (~$8) which was roast beef coupled on sourdough with peppered horseradish mayo, muenster cheese, romaine lettuce, tomato, red onion, green pepper and dill pickles. The roast beef was super tender and the horseradish mayo wasn't overwhelming at all (which I was initially worried about). Each bite tastes like a fresh cloud. The roast beef is packed into this sandwich, the amount of roast beef in a half of sandwich is probably equivalent to a full sandwich at other places. You will leave feeling satisfied. My side was pasta salad, and I didn't especially care for it, nothing too special - wish I had gotten the coleslaw instead. \n\nThe to go order took about 5 minutes to put together, the service was nice, the restaurant was clean, the guy that worked there reminded me of Ben or Jerry and now I am going to assume everyone from Vermont is jolly and plump. This place is a little pricey, but 5 stars is what this place deserves!
I was there for dinner, got there around 7:00 pm, and this place was packed. I sit at sushi bar right in front of a chief who I believe is the owner. I ordered Okinawa Soba, which I think not too many people order that, so it might take some time for them to cook. I was waiting for about 10 - 15 minutes, the chief gave me some beans to chew on to kill time. I was impressed.\nI would suggest to make reservation or at least call to make sure that you don't need to wait for a table.
It's been a while since I have been here but this place rocks. When i lived in Phoenix I took my dog Heidi here many times. \nWe took Heidi here for daycare and boarding. They have areas for the dogs to play outside and inside as well. Heidi really enjoyed the playtime in the pool. The dogs are constantly supervised and played with throughout the day. If you are boarding the dogs stay in there own private kennels overnight. At all times there is someone on premises even over night. \nUnlike most places they don't nickle and dime you for each playtime, snacks, or trips to play in the outside area. The price for boarding is not much more than a full-day of daycare. \nHeidi always seemed like she had a good time here and came home a tired happy dog.\nThis would be my number one choice for doggie daycare or boarding in Phoenix.
I wanted to review this place the first time I came, but I slacked.  \n\nIn the two visits (yes two visits/ three dishes) I had the following:\n\n#14-Hai Nam style chicken rice.  Never had this before, well now I have and I want more!  A very fresh tasting dish with an explosion of ginger, yet not too overpowering.  The accompanying sauce is ok, but the dish does fine without it.\n\n#26-(charbroiled pork with vermicelli and egg roll).  Can't top this dish.  perfectly charred and sweet pork loin topped with cucumber, peanuts, cilantro, et al.  This dish comes in a big ass bowl, and I can tell you this dish is so good I could eat two bowls o' this junk. smack yo' momma good!\n\n#15-House PHOnomenal- decent broth, not too fragrant, a little stingy on the meat portions, but overall a good bowl of pho\n\nIf you like lechee, they have a drink pronounced hot-ee and it has little pearls of lechee juice and tons pf basil seeds!  Really refreshing! give it a whirl.\n\ngood service, nice atmosphere, dope ass grub.
So I have to say, when my friends tried to get me to try and all-you-can-eat sushi restaurant, I wasn't thrilled, but it's awesome!\n\nMoto is a small restaurant in central Phoenix (16th St and Glendale) that offers all-you-can-eat Sushi on Saturday from 11:30am-2:20pm.  And I must say, it's not just California Rolls, the special features some of my favorites; philly, las vegas, tootsy, eel, and much more.\n\nThe special is about $17 bucks, which you easily pay for two specialty rolls.  The rules to teh special are cute too, so don't over order because you'll pay 50 cents for each piece left. :-)\n\nAlso, make sure you try to Mojo, which is a dessert sushi roll.  It's ice cream (flavor chanegs everyday but we were lucky to get caramel) wrapped lie a sushi roll, but the rice is rice crispy!\n\nDefinitely a place to try if you love sushi like I do!
As a woman who knows a bit about cars, I am usually instantly in defense mode when I bring my car to a new mechanic. I was bringing my car in for some standard maintenance and brakes. Bill at the front, however was nice, professional, and gave me a straightforward explanation of what they were going to do. The other Bill called just a few hours later with a complete breakdown of what they saw and what needed to be done. He even talked me out of something that I thought I needed but really didn't! Later that afternoon, their polite driver/mechanic picked me up at my house. The total was exactly as quoted earlier, and Bill #1 gave me some valuable advice about future maintenance. \nGreat mechanics who don't try to rip you off are rare, as most of us know. This shop deserves every star it has gotten. Customer for life.
This new restaurant is in the lobby of the Arizona Grand Resort and initially I wasn't sure what to expect from the name.\n\nThe atmosphere was great, with a beautiful view of the golf course's first tee.  Great patio for cooler weather.\n\nMy first trip I sampled the rib-eye.  I was blown away.  It had this wonderful smoky flavor to it that I hadn't had before.  Cooked to perfection and served with a bulb of roasted garlic. Yum.  One of the best steaks that I have ever had.\n\nI went back for lunch with a friend a few weeks later.  We got these great little wonton chips and dip brought to our table that were quite tasty.  We both had the cream of mushroom soup to start that had a great texture and flavor.  Not too heavy on the cream.  Then we both ordered a pizza.  I got the filet with blue cheese and he got the BLT pizza.  \n\nWhen the pizzas arrived I was surprised to see that they were HUGE.  We easily could have split one and still had leftovers.  Got to swap slices and both were excellent.\n\nThis would be a great place to take out of towners for a a beautiful dining experience or a great date.  I will definitely go back again.
I love this place!  My husband and I have been coming here for over a year.  The building and courtyard are very tastefully decorated.  The vines and foliage make me feel like I am eating in a garden; I love it!  \n\nI also love the fact that it is a set three course meal with a choice of two entrees for dinner. Believe it or not, it is hard to chose between the two because they both sound so delicious! Indeed the food is delicious and consistently great. \n\nChristopher makes dinner look easy as a one man show in the kitchen.  It is truly amazing!  Looking forward to our next dinner...better plan soon!\n\nWhoever the person is below that gave two stars and was surprised by a corkage fee needs to get out of the house more often.  A corkage fee is standard for any byob.
It's better than anything in Philly, and, according to my friend who had grown up in SF proper, it's better than anything there as well. I imagine that only LA and Toronto would have better!\n\nThe boba is freaking amazing. It's almost honeyed (lightly), with a soft, melt-in-your-mouth quality. They come in their own juices at the bottom, which is fabulous mixed or as a standalone (if you like drinks such as lemonnanas).\n\nAlso, for the lactose intolerant, this place is ideal. They serve boba drinks in true Korean fashion: lots of fruit and ice, and nothing else. While the fruit isn't gourmet quality (most of it was probably frozen stuff), it's delicious and much better for you than milk if you have any aversion to it. I remember being degraded by my friend when I tried to order the same thing at a Chinese place and they put in 2 kiwi quarters and a crapton of ice. It sucked, so I'm happy this place exists to prove my point!\n\nGo here. I drove 23 minutes the first time just for this, and came back 3 times in 1 week.
Wow the smell or aroma as you enter the door is over whelming - YUM!\n\nThe kids and I were in the area today and wanted to try something new for lunch. We entered La Piazza and plan to come back, even though it is in the West Valley!\n\nWe ordered a standard cheese pizza. There were 6 slices = 2 slices each! The cheese was wonderful and you could tell it was fresh and we over heard it was made daily! The sauce was not tangy but very rich in flavor. The crust was not hard but yet firm to hold the sauce and cheese. \n\nWe decided to get a slice of cheesecake and some Zeppolis which are dough type doughnuts sprinkled with powdered sugar! OMW that was WONDERFUL!\n\nWe arrived about 11:30, there were about 3-4 tables occupied. By the time we left at 12:20 there were 7 people waiting in line for a table! Now mind you this appears to be a typical lunch on a Wednesday! \n\nUnfortunately they are small, and they only have about 12 tables. I am not sure this is a bad thing, it just makes people realize how good of a place it is and it's cozy.\n\nWe will definitely be back and hope that others try it when you are on Glendale Ave.!
"""Everything we had here -- and we ate a ton -- was fantastic. All the sushi was great, but I wish we ordered more smoked salmon. No reason really to splurge on the Toro because the yellowtail, albacore, salmon and all their rolls are phenomenal. Get the octopus cucumber salad to start, too. My only suggestion would be to those of you who like things a bit more spicy, you should do your best to insist on an increased kick with the spicy tuna roll and anything else they say is \spicy.\"""" Great place -- we will be there often."""""""
We were craving chips and salsa so we decided to try this place. The inside is very cute, yet I find it strange that a place named Mi Patio doesn't have a patio? However, right when you walk in you know Mi Patio has to be good by all the regulars hanging out at the bar. \n\nWe ordered 2 of the $1.75 margarita specials. What a great deal- they are this price every day at every hour. They aren't top shelf but go oh so nicely with chips n salsa. The chips were my favorite thing from the whole meal. They're super fresh and irresistible plus our server kept refilling our bowl so it was hard to say no. \n\nI ordered a chicken burro enchilada style with rice and my fiance had a red chili beef chimichanga with beans. Everything was delicious and the staff was very attentive. The portions were huge and the prices are very reasonable (our total was under $22!!)\n\nWe'll definitely be back! The menu has so many tasty things to try and the chips n salsa combined with the margarita can be addictive!!
I have had such a great experience with Pet Club in Maricopa. We usually buy our dog, cat, & chicken supplies here with no complaints. Recently we made a big out of the ordinary purchase and each staff member we dealt with including the manager were extremely helpful. I made an error in the item I purchased and they accepted the return with as much courtesy as the purchase.  I am sorry that a previous customer had a negative experience there, however I have yet to have one. Thanks guys!
"""We hired Ray the DJ after extensive dj research for our wedding. There are so many bad djs out there that we wanted to be sure. \n\nRay the DJ has very competitive prices and Brenda who is in the main office is terrific. She answered all of our e-mails quickly and was always very professional. We hired Marcus from Ray and he was awesome!! He meet with us before we even hired him so we could find out about his background and experience. We loved Marcus right away. However, at Ray they give you the chance to choose a different DJ in case you don't \click\"""" with your first DJ. \nMarcus was very professional and played all the songs we requested and provided us with great suggestions. After the wedding we got so many compliments about our DJ. For any brides out there looking for a great DJ I would highly recommend Ray the DJ and Marcus."""""""
"""This is a favorite place of mine when visiting Scottsdale. Really. I've been there for a late lunch when it's quite empty/sparse and in the evenings when it's packed & crowded. Either scenario, I've had a great experience. The wait staff/bartenders have always been attentive & friendly to me & my friends. Perhaps it helps that when we're there during off-peak times, there is certainly more interaction with the staff and a rapport is established. Obviously that is a perk when it's crowded & busy in the evenings. \n\nIt is what it is - Stingray is about the scene. The location, the decor, the ambiance. Some reviewers have mentioned that the sushi/entrees have been horrible; not \authentic\"""", etc. Did they honestly expect \""""authentic\""""? I'm half Japanese/half Scottish, so I've been exposed to Japanese/Sushi all my life. Most sushi in the U.S. are made & geared toward American tastes. Some have said the food is comparable to RA. Generally it is, but I think it's better than RA. The RA menu in my opinion is \""""watered down\"""" for the masses. I'm not critical when it comes to Sushi because \""""authentic\"""" to me is what my grandmother makes. I do love the rock shrimp appetizer though. Various versions of this can be found at any Sushi restaurant, but Stingray's does it for me. \n\nStingray for me means I'm visiting Scottsdale, hanging out with my friends and we are here to enjoy ourselves. Maybe my experience & view point would be different if I lived in the area and had the opportunity to dine there more frequently."""""""
What a nice cool little treat. I found this gem on groupon and so glad I did. \n\nFresh fruit paletas made by hand. Ive had a few flavors and I have loved them all. Lemon is nice and tart with a lemon sugar sprinkle, mexican hot chocolate tastes chocolaty and amazing, mango has chunks of the mango in it and you can tell its fresh fruit because it still has that stringy texture fresh mango has. My husband's favorite flavor is the one with nuts. Its not too sweet and delicious. I love the cute little bite in the corner too. Its just a fun little thing.\n\nPrices are pretty good too. Less than $3 for each paleta. Its nice to have a place like this in the summer you can go off to, and they are open pretty late on the weekends. Its nice when they have the art stuff going on in downtown Chandler you can grab a paleta and walk around the area and check out all of the art. Just one thing. Its cash only! So make sure you bring a $10 and you are good to go.
we have dined in / night capped at Armitage 3 or 4 times during the 2 or 3 months we have owned a home in DC Ranch and have yet to be disappointed. As pointed out the wine list is solid , ( not stellar), and the ambiance , food , decor and service have been above expectation ( Nates attention over lunch was above and beyond) . \n\nThe patio is comfortable and well flowered but i considered taking a star away to reflect the knuckleheads and their loud Italian sports cars rollin up and down the adjacent promenade -( i decided not to as it is hard to fault the restaurant for the sins of the neighbors) \n\nall in all a good to great bet for any occasion out.
"""Don't let the word \grocer\"""" in the name or the sandwich/salad-based menu available online fool you. This isn't just a deli or a grocery.  With the 7 or 8 daily specials on pasta, beef, and seafood, this is quietly one of the best Italian restaurants in town. \n\nNot to take away from the sandwiches, salads, or other antipasto, all of which are excellent and priced under $10. But the white board specials menu is where it's at. The specials range from risotto with shrimp, mussels, and sea bass, to homemade meatballs, to veal ravioli, to tuscan-style steaks. Specials range from $10 to $30. Wine available for sale on site, with a corkage fee for wine. You wouldn't expect it at this counter service-only spot with a sandwich-heavy menu and just a few tables, but this is a unique, fantastic, and authentic spot (particularly when the owner/chef and his friends are sitting nearby loudly speaking Italian with soccer on the TV!)."""""""
"""I cried.\n\nI pushed the passenger car seat back, unbuttoned my jeans and if I could have unbuttoned my skin, I would have. We had an emergency stop at Wal-Greens for Lactaid, Tums, Bean-O, and Ginger Ale. I even made my bf buy this hideous stained glass candle holder (at WAL-GREENS) cause I thought it was \cute\""""-that is how out of my mind w/pain I was. I laid down on the bed and asked for a barf bucket. Just in Case. And did you see what I gave this place? Yeah. Five muthaf'n stars. Don't be a pussy. \n\nI racked my brain all day, trying to come up with a good Phoenix-y place to bring my BFs dad who had driven all the way from Bakersfield and was surely hungry. We needed a place that at 8:30 on a Friday gonna be open and not insane. He is a down home, steak and taters guy, and I am a nervous nelly sophisticate whose lactose intolerance and mostly vegetarian tummy stumps restaurants . And I was hungry after a long day of work. I looked up the menu at work and saw they serve b-fest all day. Oh good, this way I could avoid all the meat, get the waffle, and avoid all \""""oh, you don't like meat\"""" conversation I hate.\n\nEasy enough to find (take the 60 to 17 if you can to avoid Light Rail hell from the 10), we found parking on the street and walked right into the restaurant after seeing the bright neon sign with a mighty Sassy Chicken on front! We were seated immediately (I have no idea what people were talking about regarding the wait- we were lucky is all I can wager) in the same room Kristin C. was: the only four person table besides a two person one, where they have the soda machine, extra canola oil, cash register and silver ware and the kitchen where the amiable cooks sauntered out drinking sweet tea and eating the food. I liked the little hutch over our table with various black studies books. I liked the famous signatures tagged all over the place. \n\nI looked over the two-paged laminated menus-and was stumped. I forgot they had fish tooo....and sides...and omg. I guess the staff is used to a long decision making process, cause they hooked us up on the mason jars of sweet tea (holy shit is it GOOOooooOOOD). We all decided on the platter since it affords you two sides WITH cornbread, and the platter rings in only at $12.50 for battered chicken (3 pieces) or Codfish or Catfish with two sides and cornbread...whhaaaa-considering most sides are at like 3.50...I got the cod (go MA pride!), waffle, collard greens, cornbread. Tim got the chicken, waffle, home fries and his dad got catfish, waffle and homefries. After placing the order (I was gonna get fried okra but since the greens aren't cooked with ham, I went for 'em), it came within ten minutes-like FAST.\n\nWe all dove right into the waffle (I scooped off the butter immediately on to a separate dish in hopes of saving myself a little) and all agreed it was the best waffle ever.\n\n\""""This waffle is good.\""""\n\n\""""Yes, it is\""""\n\n\""""Oh my...I just had the waffle and it is GOOD.\""""\n\nfive minutes later\n\n\""""This waffle is really, really good.\""""\n\nten minutes later\n\n\""""I can't believe how perfect this waffle is\""""\n\nIt was like fucking Groundhog Day with this waffle, I couldn't picture a better waffle-not too doughy, not too nutmegy, not too crispy, not too buttermilky, not too cinammonly, not too eggy, not too airy, the little waffle indents weren't too deep or shallow for optimal warmed maple syrup lovin', and I ate the whole damn waffle. My lil' waffle of doom.\n\nI could only manage to eat one piece of Cod (it was as big as my face) and the crunchy, flavourful (but oddly not spicy) batter was perfect with the hot sauce on the table. The cornbread a moist muffin of pure delish-a real compliment, not a star, but a perfect compliment to the rest of the palate. I loved my collared greens and it was spicy, and vaguely sweet, and I ate it gingerly it was that good. In fact even thought I stuffed myself, I still had a whole piece of cod, a 3/4 of a cornbread muffin, and almost huge bowl of collard greens left over.\n\nWe really wanted that red velvet cake so seductive under the glass dome case on the counter, but as we sat there drinking our refills, the pain started and the dreaminess and sleepiness and regret. \n\nOur guest loved it, kept complimenting me on it (and didn't notice my bizarre eating habits), Tim mentioned if he lived near by he would gain 5,000 pounds, and I can't wait to come back on a weekday early afternoon to have brunch w/the waffle and GRITS...yummers!!!!!!"""""""
"""I have gone on the record innumerable times, and voiced my brazen opinion to any and all who will listen: my hatred of the cupcake runs deep- or USED (should be italicized but yelp has failed to provide this option, note that a capitalized \used\"""" in this context is meant to imply emphasis rather than shouting) to....\nUrban Cookies, you are, to borrow the monicre of the brilliant patrick, So Urbane!\nthe quality of your cupcake is cake quality, the frostings are to die for, and your cookies are beyond delicious, they are scrumptrilescent!\nyou've made a believer outta me, and i challenge anyone to present me a cupcake that is half as good as yours! come payday and around 4...hmm 35 ish i will be there!\nwoofreakinhooasdamngoodasitgets\n*drops microphone*"""""""
These ladies rock!!!! You will not see more committed members to any sport out there! The hits these ladies take are AWESOME! You have to see it to beleive it. If you want a break from your typical lame Saturday nights (dinner and a movie) come out and party with these lovely ladies, there's always an after party event with live music on site. Come check em out. www.azdd.com - season starts early this year - January!!!\nP.S. this is banked track derby, none of that flat track nonsense, this is much higher speeds and much more aggressive hits!
I love this place. You can't get any better than a place that offers really good Italian food at great prices. I always have the pepperoni calzone that always leaves me feeling like I'm going to pop.\n\nThis place doesn't try to be anything other than a great family run business. When you get there you can hear one of the owners in a heavy Italian accent yelling in the kitchen...it doesn't get any better. If you are near central and Thomas you have to try this place.  You won't leave disappointed!
Love this place! The staff are always very friendly and often even entertaining. Our favorite products from here are their iced green tea - very refreshing  and their yogurt - creamiest you will find.\n\nTheir baked goods are delicious! Have yet to try all of them, but can definitely recommend their muffins, chocolate, banana and chocolate, cranberry and mango, blueberry. Also my latest discovery is their blueberry scones....OMG...melt in your mouth!\n\nWe also buy one of our favorite cereals from Trader Joe's....Organic Weetabix....we can buy it here for under $3....other grocery stores charge over $5!\n\nAnother great product from Trader Joe's is their canned cat food. Our two Applehead Siamese Cats LOVE this cat food....and at under 60 cents a can....we LOVE it too! lol Their cat food is also made with quality ingredients.\n\nTrader Joe's is also great for quick frozen meals for when you don't have a lot of time....some tasty ones include risottos, pesto pizzas, gnocchi and a range of stir frys. They also have some great pre-made salads to choose from. So go to Trader Joe's for some tasty specialties!
I want to discuss the excellence of the food here, but first the bread alone is worth mentioning:\n\nThink of the best bread you can buy at a regular grocery store, even from their bakery.  Now imagine a bread that is much better, a solid 5 or 6 times better, and you have the Wildflower Bakery bread.  They offer a variety of artisan styles, and they will slice the loaves for you.  I say loaves, because you should buy at least two.\n\nNow on to the menu:\n\nThis is a breakfast and lunch place.  All of the items that come with bread are, you guessed it, made with the wonderful bread  mentioned above.  All of the sandwiches are outstanding.  A few that stick out to me are:\n\nBLT sandwich\n\nSweet potato sandwich\n\nBeef Brisket sandwich\n\n\nAll of the breakfasts are healthy, tasty, and leave you feeling energized.  I wish Harlow's in Tempe had this type of food. Wildflower is delicious, fresh, and healthy.\n\nYou order at the counter, and the food is brought to your table.  It always seems like you won't get a table when they are busy, but as if by the use of magic, we always get a table well before our food is ready.\n\nI have never had a bad experience, and the consistency of what they offer is astounding.  It impresses me when a company can be so good, so often.
Met with a few friends here and had a couple of beers here, but the ambiance was so great for a Sunday afternoon.  I think  I would call it an urbanscape.  Where trees meet sky at twilight and there is a an outdoor fire crackling behind sterile glass in the center of this shady outdoor lounge.  Clienele look like a Ralph Lauren commercial...which isn't the restaurants fault, but we all like beaultiful things....  \n\nI can tell it get busier at night, but I can tell I prefer this place on a mellow Sunday afternoon.  \n\nGreat concept!
Hands down my favorite place to golf in AZ. Makes a lot of sense that it was rated 87 of the top 100 courses you can play by golf magazine and is ranked number 5 in arizona. Can play challenging from the tips but can scale it down from the multiple tee boxes available. Practice facility is top notch with putting, chipping, and pitching greens with sand to practice in. Has plenty of room to practice your 40 yard pitches without killing anyone or being yelled at. Pracitce in the sand because you will likely hit one of the 119 bunkers on the course! Staff is great and my starter Steve had PLENTY of knowledge about the course. Food was fantastic as well especially for the price. Paid 7 for a drink, sandwich, and chips. The sandwich was large and sustaining. Overall the course reminds me of where they played the pga championship in south carolina visually. Probably my favorite was not risking hitting a house and the silence that is never there when playing at most courses in Arizona. Conditions were great for the time of the season a month before overseeding begins. Some bunkers were underconstruction but were playable. Price wise I found a great deal online but would be willing to pay premium prices for winter conditions to see what this place has to offer when it is at its best! When you get out there take it all in!
"""At long last - a pizza joint that calls themselves \New York Style\"""" and they're ACTUALLY RIGHT!!!  There's nothing \""""fancy\"""" about these slices, but trust me - having eaten at several \""""hole in the wall\"""" joints in NYC - including @ the subway stations - this is IT.  This is New York pizza to a tee.  \n\nVery friendly staff.  I only wish the place was bigger to accommodate the crowd.  The $3.50 lunch deal is a STEAL and they don't skimp on the size of the slices.  It's a tad on the greasy side, which lends to its authenticity as New York style pizza."""""""
A cozy little gem of sushi restaurant in a strip mall. Felt comfy from the moment my hubby and I walked through the door and sat at table on a Monday night.\nNice selection of sushi named in the menu, reasonable prices, very fresh fish, great quality, quick and attentive service and super tasty! Just had the basic scallop sashimi, volcano roll and shrimp with crab in soy paper roll. We enjoyed our meal immensely. Great selection of sake available as well.\nWe will be back and be sitting at the bar.
The bf took me here for our anniversary and it was perfect. Great Italian food with an atmosphere where you feel like you are part of the family. The staff was friendly and it immediately reminded me of Osteria La Buca, one of my favorite places in LA when I lived there. \n\nWe split the Ceaser salad which was tasty but they could go a little easier on the dressing. Then I got the Black Tagliolini which I HIGHLY recommend. It's a seafood and pasta dish in one and it's delicious. My bf got the Fettucini. Then we ended our night with gelato and cheesecake. Tasty!\n\nI thought this was a hidden gem and now looking online I've found it opened up only a couple of months ago and the chef is from Prado at the Montelucia. My man did great! This is exactly where I would want to eat on our anniversary. Can't wait to take my friends and visitors here and try other dishes!\n\nOh, and you wouldn't think so because it's not really typical of Italian places, as most are focused only on wine, but their beer menu is one of the best I've seen! Bonus!
The Desert Botanical Garden is a wonderful place to while away a few hours. I'd wandered by after a race and was looking for a calm activity that would stretch my legs. And this choice turned out to be perfect.\n\nThe Gardens are a mix of several different trails, each with a different theme: these range from a trail based on lifestyles of the ancient Sonoran Desert dwellers to a path based on desert wildflowers. Each path is a mixture of different desert plants mixed with educational exhibits. Highlighting the flowers are various sun-seared rock formations and distant mountains.\n\nIt's a very easy trail which is well marked; you won't get lost in the desert. A visit around sunset is also worth considering: the mix of light and shadows adds an extra dimension to the surroundings. The outer trails do close after sunset, although the inner path (The Desert Discovery Loop Trail) is lighted and remains open.\n\nThey do rent this facility out and I think it would be wonderful for catered events, weddings and the like. The Gardens definitely are a jewel for the Phoenix area.
Well, this is the real deal when you want a taco or tostada.  It's the EXACT food you will eat in Mexico.  Exact.  I ordered the asada.  Beef on a corn tortilla that is made there-- a real tortilla.  \n\nThen you go over to a salsa, quacamole, hot sauce, cucumber, cabbage and radish, onion bar and fix it up how you like.  \n\nThe 5 stars is for the food, the ambiance and setting is not anything special.  In fact, it is a bit of a turn off , but very clean.  It's in an old Wendy's I think. \n\nThe food is so delicious, it doesn't matter!!!!!!
I absolutely ADORE Postino's! \n\nThe quaintness of the surrounding neighborhood, the fact that it is housed in a old post office, the modern, organic ambiance....what can I say (oh, I already did...) I LOVE this place!\n\nThe bruschetta flights are fabulous! So diverse and tantilizing to the taste buds when paired with a complimentary glass of wine. My two favorite salads are the Raspberry Chicken and the Mixed Green...both delicious in their own right. \n\nI love that between 11am-4pm ANY day of the week, they offer $5 glasses of wine.  Whether you are dining with a girlfriend, your significant other or a few friends, this is a perfect place to meet. (Just note that this place is packed almost 24/7) \n\nAlthough the parking is a nightmare, the simple ambiance of this establishment, paired with the phenomenal food/drink, keeps me coming back for more!
I have been to Casey over 4-5 times now and the most recent time I had a facial, collagne eye treatment as well as my nose pierced. My skin has never looked better not to mention if you get an hour facial; your hands, feet and neck get massaged!\n\nAfter debating on getting my nose pierced I finally had it done with Casey. It was super easy and hardly hurt - she had the perfect size gauge (not those large ones which I really did not want) and placed in perfect position. \n\nI have another appointment next Wednesday and looking forward to seeing Casey again!
I have been to dim sum places in Boston, Orlando, Memphis, Atlanta, and Westminster. This place is one of the finest and it's right here in Chandler! The staff was very friendly and the presentation was top notch. Not to mention very clean! I came here on a Sunday brunch and they had dim sum served in carts. You select what you want and wha-lah! Another plus is the receipt on the table makes it very easy to determine how much you owe without question. Not many dim sum places make it this easy to calculate. If you're in the mood for dim sum, come here. Also, there was minimal communication barriers with the servers. A+
Unfortunately my years at ASU were spent at the building dedicated purely to the Computer Scientists/Computer Systems Engineer majors.  Probably the majority of creepy guys were in this major so they tried to keep them away from the main campus as much as possible by putting us half a mile away from all the other people.\n\nHowever, I did meet my current g/f here(ASU in general, not the creepy guy building), there are tons of interesting classes such as ballroom/swing/latin dance courses and lots of studying to keep you busy (or parties if you're not into studying).  I'm glad I took the chance to find classes that I enjoyed such as music history, dance classes, and basketball to go along with all of my engineering classes.\n\n5 stars because I enjoyed my 4 years here and I'm glad it wasn't any longer than that!
This is still a 5 star store.  They have everything I need and then some.  But I searched and searched for the Sweet Republic Ice Cream and, sadly, I did not see any.  Maybe they were all out.....I hope that was the case because I loved that I could go to Whole Foods and get my Sweet Republic without going all the way to their store.  I also noticed that they now have local beers from San Tan Brewery.  I even found a pamphlet that tells what they offer in the store that is locally grown or made.  I love it!
"""If star ratings were indicative of how hipster a place is, then Coffee Cartel Lab on University is a five star.  But fortunately, the service, coffee and consumables were excellent too, so it gets a five star from this traveler for the right reasons.\n\nAn easy-to-get-to location right off University, with a slightly cramped parking lot, but at least it's free, everything about Coffee Cartel Lab is pretty, well hip.  I particularly like the word \cartel\"""" in the name, because it makes me feel like the caffeine I crave is like a Venezuelan drug and the coffee cartels are the only place I can acquire it.\n\nBut the interior is a tidal wave of hipster atmosphere, with dim lights, open ceilings, independent art all over the walls, flyers and cards for independent works free to peruse and browse, and pretty much every seat in the house taken up by someone with horn-rimmed glasses, tattoos, ironic t-shirts and skinny jeans, equipped with their iPhones, iPads or laptops, making full use of the wifi.  But it's still clean and cozy feeling, overall.  Oddly, to a jaded traveler like myself, as critical as I sound towards hipsters, the places they frequent are kind of the places I like to frequent...\n\nAnyway, the mocha I ordered was creamy and just right, and I took great sadistic pleasure in purchasing the very last cookie that was this Frankenstein of chocolate chips, peanut butter AND BACON.  The bacon flavor was subtle, but still noticeable, and I took great pleasure of enjoying it in between sips of my mocha while trying not to inadvertently listen to young ASU students trying to give each other resume tips and advice.\n\nPrices were standard faire, and really nothing different than you would expect from a Starbucks, or any other independent coffee shop these days.  I know for a fact that my travels would bring me out to Arizona again, and if presented the opportunity, I'd go back to the Cartel again without much problem."""""""
I have been coming to Kona for a very long time and what keeps me coming back is the great food, awsome happy hours and great staff that work here. \n\nYou really can't go wrong with this place, try the happy hour from 3pm to 7pm or reverse happy from 9pm to 11pm Mon-Thur & Friday & Sat from 10pm to 12pm. \n\nThe managers are great here, Shadi when managing runs a tight ship here.\n\nBreana, Brett, Joe and Russ are awsome bartenders.\n\nGina, Jen, Sarah and Heather are great wait staff.
This place is amazing! \nThe hubs and I are expecting our first baby and I was told this was the store to register at! I already knew this though, Ive been to many many baby showers and have always loved shopping at Buy Buy Baby over Babies R Us. BBB is organized in a way that makes so much sense. \n\nThe man how helped us set up our registry was super informative and very helpful. the staff that we encountered along the way was very friendly and helpful as well, no one was ever pushy. \n\nI see a lot of trips to BBB in our future!
Organized a business dinner at Portland's last week for 30 members of a professional organization from New York. Worked with Dylan, the owner, on the menu, wine and seating. The event worked out fantastic as we basically had the restaurant to ourselves. The ambiance is casual, sleek and refined and the service top notch without being overbearing. The three course price fixed meal was outstanding with standouts the crab cake, calamari, salmon and cowboy chop.  The tiramasu and apple cobbler finished off a great meal.  The Tikal Patriota Malbec and Aldersheim Pinot Gris accompanied the food items beautifully.  \n\nWhat really made the evening special however was the personal attention we received from Dylan and his partner Michelle who went out their way to make sure everything went according to plan.  They could not have been more accommodating and gracious. I have received numerous compliments on Portland's from those in attendance that evening.  Thanks Dylan and Michelle for a memorable evening and I whole heartedly recommend Portland's to anyone looking for a great meal in a relaxed atmosphere with wonderful service.
This old town spot has an amazing atmosphere.  Dim lighting, rich wood and hardwood floors add to the cute outdoor patio area for a great location.  The menu is like Tapas and the tableside guacamole  is excellent, best I've tasted.\n\nPrices are typical Scottsdale, but portions are fair for the price.  Service was excellent and drink refills were always plentiful.  Tacos are yummy, try the pork for sure at lunch.  \n\nRestroom decor is even very chic.  The staff were perfect, very professional.  When your in the mood to drop $50 on lunch for two, this is the place for sure.  Table were a little small given the sharing design and small dishes menu is my only feedback.
Walk, bike, light rail or drive, but get to Postino Central.\n\nPostino Central is a definite favorite of mine, especially for late afternoon/happy hour food and drinks. It's tough to beat. The indoor/outdoor bar is fab. Service is always great and food is always better. The bruschetta, the hoegarden, the paninis, the hoegarden.\n\nAnd don't forget the brunch, it's amazing. The scones, the egg sandwich, the french toast are all amazing.\n\nBrian DeMarco's Trio plays here on Sunday afternoons too.\n\nif you are looking for a great place to hang out, people watch and enjoy amazing food and drinks, this is the one.
"""Unless my own family is making the food, it doesnt get better then this in Phx for hawaiian bbq. i was so happy to discover the opening of the mesa location. with uncommon but tasty items such as portuguese sausage, manapua (with the sweet pork), spam musubi, malasadas and saimin... the range of menu items is extraordinary!\nEach item is top notch, I have indulged in the katsu, teri chicken, lau lau, kalua pig, mac salad, spam musubi, manapua, malasadas... and this is only visiting the location twice. \nMy first time at L&L was in HI when growing up, then it franchised to Portland when i was in college, now that it is in Mesa, it might become the most frequented comfort food joint in town for me. \nI will be introducing many to it, by claiming it as \legit Hawaiian food\"""""""""""
Kashman's is North Scottsdale's best-kept open secret, something that many people living in the depths of Central Phoenix have never heard of and would never deign schlepping to for breakfast.  We became intimately familiar with it when we lived for nearly a year up in a  Grayhawk apartment, waiting for our condo renovation to be completed.  I love the egg dishes (try the Chicago omelet), the salads (Trifecta rocks), pastries made in-store (the black-and-whites are good, and the fat-free blueberry muffins are better than the regular ones--all are usually refrigerated, though, so you may want to ask for your muffin to be heated before serving) and the bagels have the perfect bite and chewiness (contrast with the bagel-shaped bread that Einstein's churns out).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, I have found the owner's family to be quite friendly and quick to recognize regulars.\n\nSeating is sketchy during peak hours, although, for a relatively small strip-center establishment, there are a decent number of tables in and outside.  As a first-timer, remember to ask the wait staff at the door to give you a number corresponding with an open table.  You will need this when placing your order at the counter.  It can be difficult to peruse the large menu, so it may help to grab a paper copy before queuing up.
I love Baker Nursery! Their selection of plants is superb and the plants always look fresh. The staff is always very nice and helpful. And I love the atmosphere...sounds weird for a nursery, but it is very homey. It is as if you are walking into somebody's back yard...which is almost true. I believe that the house next door is the owner's property.\n\nI remember my mother bringing me here as a child - I always had so much fun there. She brought me here because she also used to go there as a child! Baker's has been around for so long and is a wonderful family business. You should go check it out!
Regular in the work rotation for lunch. Parking can be rough if it's during busy hours but there is plenty of street parking around and behind the brewery. Each time I visit, I always get the Four Peaks Cheeseburger and beer battered fries. Their fries are some of the best that i've ever had. Sadly, I don't drink but when i introduced some friends and beer aficionados for lunch on a visit, they were hooked to the beer and the food.\n\nWarning: If you sit inside in the back, it can smell a little weird due to the beer vats. You get used to it after awhile. Also, no air conditioning in the hot summer months.
I loved this place. My husband and I met another couple for dinner at Rokerij on Saturday night. From 4-6 pm, the small plates are $5 each. It is such a great deal. The catch: you have to be sitting at the bar. Not in the booths next to the bar, but at the bar. Each couple ordered 4 small plates and then we all shared. Pretty much everything I tasted, I liked. The brie toasts were by far my favorite...I could have ate the whole plate myself.  The bacon wrapped scallops were really good as well; the calamari was delicious especially because the breading wasn't very heavy and it was quite tasty as well (we consider ourselves calamari snobs). The crab tostadas were good but I don't enjoy cold crabmeat too much.  My husband tried the shrimp scampi and he liked it, but said that if hadn't come with the rice, it would have been bland. He said the rice added flavor to the dish.  With the small plates, it seems that most of the plates come with six of that particular item.   Drink prices were really good...for 8 small plates and 9-10 drinks between the four of us, our bill came to $84. I was shocked when the bill came because it was so cheap, considering all we ate and drank.\n\nThe decor in the downstairs bar area is really cool...it's very dim and dark, but it is really cozy. There was a real fire in the fireplace which gave it a log cabin type of feel.  I will definitely be back.
I'll keep this short-and-sweet.  Saturday night at 9pm.  I'm dead-tired but need a few groceries, and have my 10-year old in tow.  \n\nWe go in and immediately are greeted by a friendly employee.  She asked if we are looking for something specific, chatted it up with my daughter, eliciting a smile from a child who earlier in the day attended the funeral of a friend.  She walks with us into the produce area, where we grab a few items and discuss some of the odd/unfamiliar items.  \n\nMy daughter and i pick up a couple unique items to try out at home, and cruise on through to finish our shopping.  Everything we need is there, we get it quick because the store is organized well and isn't a monstrosity to navigate.  Milk, eggs, cereal, coffee, yogurt, produce, cheese, chicken, beef, dish soap, plus a few other things. \n\nWe're ringing out now, and another employee asks if we found everything.  No salted butter in the fridge case, i figured they were out, and asked if they had any.  She said they just got it in and it was in the back, and she ran back and got me a couple pounds.   \n\n9:30, and we're in the car with our groceries.  I LOVE me my Fresh and Easy markets.  If you haven't gone, you simply must try them.  Products are great, prices are right.  Their own branded products are excellent. Friendly staff.  Their pre-prepped foods are great, so if you're strapped for time after work, grab a dinner there.  It will cost a little more than making your own from scratch, but a WHOLE lot less than going out for dinner.
I have a new favorite sandwich place!\n\nI've probably driven by Breadcrafters over 3.000 times since I moved to Phoenix.  It's in an unassuming little shopping center on Tatum across the street from PV Mall.  I noticed the sign but never thought twice about going in until my friend Deborah recently told me that they have wonderful sandwiches and salads that are perfect for picking up when you're on the run.\n\nSo, instead of trusting Deborah 100% (I don't know her THAT well yet), I sent my mom in to try Breadcrafters when she asked me where she should go for lunch during her last visit.  It passed the 'mom test' with flying colors... my mom loved it - she said it was perfect!\n\nToday was my turn... and needless to say, I was extremely impressed!  The staff was really sincere, friendly and helpful.  When I walked in, I smelled fresh bread and I saw several cases full of not only bread, but sandwiches, salads, and baked goods too!  Everything looked awesome!  I looked at the menu and noticed that prices were reasonable and they offered daily specials including soup/sandwich combo and 'the daily double' where you pick two different items to make your own combo.  It took me a few minutes. but I decided to design my own sandwich off the menu... I went with turkey, lettuce, tomato. avocado., sprouts, and spicy mustard on multi-grain alsatian bread.  It came with my choice of sides (I went with coleslaw) and a pickle.\n\nIf you've read my reviews, you know I don't usually go into detail about the food more than saying what I ordered, liked, didn't like. etc... however, I have to make an exception on this one.  The sandwich may sound like any other sandwich you could pick up anywhere, but this sandwich was special!  Every bite I took, I tasted all of the ingredients.  It was balanced perfectly!  Just the right amount of mustard and avocado spread evenly on the bread, fresh and juicy turkey. crisp lettuce, and ripe tomato.  Yum!\n\nI was there after 2 for a late lunch expecting this random place to be empty... but I was wrong.  The place was hopping!  I noticed that people were eating outside (it was a beautiful day) and that Breadcrafters is DOG FRIENDLY!  I also noticed that many people came in just to buy freshly-baked bread.  Not a bad idea - I'll have to remember that for next time we're entertaining!\n\nI overheard Angela. the (new) owner, tell a customer that the bread sold like crazy today, so I imagine the best selection is first thing in the morning... It may have been my first visit to Breadcrafters but it will not be my last.  See you there!
I just went to the official Grand Opening of Jam last night and was thrilled to watch Scottsdale's Mayor Lane cut the ribbon.   The house was full to the brim and a great band was jammin out back.  The owner, Shauna, is super sweet and energetic and really makes everyone feel at home in her space.\n\nIf you haven't been,  Jam is an absolutely adorable space with unique one of a kind retail.  Local artists showcase their works and it is so nice to walk into a store and see so many different and cool things.   I know this will be THE spot everyone goes to from now on.  It is such a great concept and the classes sound really amazing too.  I highly recommend that you check it out!
If you love teppanyaki style food but don't need to pay to see another flaming pile of onions, this place is for you. The concept is simple; great tep grill food without the entertainment. My husband and I went for lunch on a Saturday and got the lunch specials (one shrimp special and one steak special) with two drinks for $25! That would have been one meal at the other full service grills. The food potions were large, the veggies were fresh and the chef/co-owner makes his own ginger and seafood sauces. The place is small as this is their first restaurant venture. But they were very friendly, and we enjoyed their little toddler hostess. Please give this place a try. The strip mall they reside is not ideal, but we all have to start somewhere right? This is a new local business which we need to support, especially considering the infection of corporate chains that has seemed to take over the west valley.
Michael's is my favorite place to have things framed.  The selection of frames is huge.  They have a good selection of acid free papers and lots of choices for cuts and bevels as well. Their prices are reasonable, even more reasonable if you wait for their half off framing coupons that appear in the newspaper at least twice a month.   I have had no less than 50 lithos, photos, paintings and such framed by Michael's and they have never damaged anything or caused me worry over any of them.   They are not the quickest, but they have work done when they say it will be done.
Tuck Shop rocks my socks!! I was in Phoenix earlier this week and my dinner here was the highlight of my trip! It's tucked away in a residential area and the outside of the place looks like meh, but the inside is very nice.The place has a retro feel but the bar area reminds me of a cabin. All of the chairs in the place are mismatched making the place feel so cozy and cute. \n\nThe inside is somewhat small, wait staff is very nice and attentive. Their water is cucumber infused and refreshing. The menu is very small and simple but there is something for everyone. \n\nI had brussel sprouts as an app and Atlantic salmon as an entree. The brussel sprouts had a very unexpected, delicious flavor and the salmon was most likely the best salmon meal I've had. Since the app and entree were so divine, we couldn't say no to dessert and had a piece of  triple chocolate cake. That was equally freaking amazing! \n\nAt the end, our server brought out these small cookie dough balls with chocolate sprinkles, le sigh. Perfect end to a perfect dinner!
Karen at Moonbeams is amazingly helpful. The selection of items for our new baby is great. If she doesn't have what we want on the shelf, there are a ton of catalogs Karen is more than willing to show you. Karen is in touch with a lot of local artists so getting unique gifts for our baby's room was very easy. We ordered a custom painting and within a week the artist had a sketch for us to look at. We ordered our iron crib from Karen's shop and had Johnna make our custom bedding for the crib & the bassinet. Both women are fantastic and very helpful. I would highly recommend visiting the shop and registering for your shower.
My wife and I delayed our birthday dinner (ours are just a couple weeks apart) and finally went last night.  It's been a while since we've been to Fleming's so we were both looking forward to it.\n\nWe had reservations and were seated promptly.  LeAnn was our server and she was awesome.  She recommended the Eponymous Cab.  It was pricey at $20 per glass.  But worth it.  Nice, well balanced cab.\n\nWe started off with the toasted mushroom ravioli.  Delicious.  Filled with tender mushrooms with a butter porcini sauce.  How to get all the sauce?  How about that mini loaf of sourdough they bring you!  \n\nWe both ordered filet.  My wife ordered the porcini crusted filet and I had the main filet.  Both medium.  We ordered the garlic mash and roasted baby carrots.\n\nThe steaks- cooked perfectly.  The manager came over a couple minutes after we cut them to make sure they were to our satisfaction.  They were.  I had a side of peppercorn sauce with mine as well.  Fantastic.\n\nThe sides- the mash was nothing special.  But those carrots?  WOW!  Don't think of grocery store carrots when you think baby carrots.  Not even close.  The carrots were roasted with golden raisins and slivered almonds.  Those could have been the best part of the meal if I wasn't such a steak lover!  \n\nLeAnn gave us a complimentary box of chocolate truffles as well.\n\nThe food was fantastic but the service was above and beyond.  We will definitely be back!
We showed up after they stopped serving breakfast but they said we could order off the breakfast menu anyways. Off to a good start! The hard part was deciding what to order. I asked the waiter to lead me in the right direction and he said his favorite was the white flannel. I am a huge fan of corned beef so I ordered that and topped it off with some cheese. My other dining companions ordered monkey cakes and a garlic mushroom omelet. I had a bite of the monkey cakes and they were ok no big deal but the garlic mushroom omelet was awesome. My corned beef has was perfect and I ate all of it! I was really impressed with this restaurant. Orange Table is my new obsession!
this review is loooong overdue.  TIC played at our wedding back in October '11, and absolutely rocked the house.  From classic '80's to modern day hits like Lady Gaga, they will make your big day unforgettable.  my friends and family kept saying throughout the night that this was most fun they have ever had a wedding.  keep the booze flowing, the speakers turned up, and you'll go out in style!!  no one wanted to leave!  working w the band was great too.  they knew exactly how to MC the night and kept the energy high.  professional and courteous from our first meeting to the actual big day.  everyone will forget the food and flower arrangements, but a band like the instant classics will be memory soon not forgotten.
I can't believe I never tried this place before. I guess the name threw me off. Sounds like a Bakery, right? Well I was going to try this other restaurant and stumbled upon this place.\n\nI was pleasantly surprised because it looked like a Panera Bread and has an awesome offering of soups, multiple sandwich combinations, pastries, and breakfast.\n\nI had the braised beef which had rosemary-gorgonzola mashed potatoes on a grilled Ciabatta roll, served with au jus, horseradish sauce, original and sweet potato chips for $7.99. It was delicious and just the right serving size. My wife had the half Wildflower Chicken Salad chicken breast, red and green peppers, jicama, celery, green onion, lemon, garlic and mayo with tomato, cucumber, romaine and clover sprouts on Nine Grain for $7.19 plus the French Onion Soup. She loved every bite and slurp.\n\n I just wish the tables weren't so close together. It would be ok to walk between tables if you were a 90 pound gymnast. But, sadly, most of us aren't built that way.\n\nI can't wait to go back and try some of the other items on the menu.
My all-time favorite bar in Gilbert.  Friendly dive bar atmosphere and get this... It's not sticky.  All the bartenders are extremely nice and the owner is usually working.  After my first time there, they were already makingnan effort to remember my name.  The have trivia games available.  Everyone is friendly and there are always some kind of shot/drink special.\n\nThe drink selection is beyond impressive for beer.  They have over a dozen different beers on tap.  The bar is extremely long and there is always room for you and your group.  Hightop seating as well as booths and regular tables are also available however I rarely use them sincei prefer the bar seating.  There is 4 pool tables which are usually available, except of Fridays which is tournament night.  Karaoke is on Saturday but unfortunately everyone sucks.  \n\nYou really can't go wrong with this bar.  Just remember this is a dive and not Mill Ave or Scottsdale.\n\nHad my birthday party here this year, too bad I don't remember it.
So after reading Laura L's review I was scared to go to NOCA since the executive chef left as her review was so bad.  I still had faith though that a place this caliber wouldn't go downhill that fast with the rest of the cooks still there.  \n\nI had the chef tasting menu and it was up there with the top meals I have ever had and the experience was amazing.  \n\nPalate cleanser:  \nToasted nuts, raspberries, cheese and balsamic reduction\n\nAppetizer: (upgraded)\nLobster roll - So amazing I will be back on a Wednesday just to eat this again\n\nSecondi:\nHand Cut Pasta with brown butter and Fennel\n\nEntree:\nVeal Scallopini-  This was perfectly cooked and the presentation was amazing\n\nDessert:\nCotton Candy\nPassion Fruit and Coconut\n\nI also paired the meal with the wine accompanies which all were great except the dessert wine didn't really pair with the dessert I got but after I finished it and had a few minutes it went down well but just didn't go with the food.  \n\nOther than that I have nothing bad to say about this amazing experience.  I heard many people getting substitutes for things they didn't want and there were no issues.  I think this place is still as good as everyone reviewed and I wouldn't avoid it.  \n\nThey are searching nationally for a new executive chef and I think that will change things but for now it's still an amazing place and I can't wait to go back.
Lovely! Just lovely! We started out with the Asian Nachos to kick off the Girls Weekend celebrating our girl Shenna birthday. The Asian Nachos were OFF THE HOOK! I had the other two items of the Tapas menu: Mahi Mahi tacos and vegetable Tempura. Washed down with a huge Washington Apple Martini. YUM! The girls were having the Sangria drink special. Looked good but I'm a martini girl. Check out the highlight in a little for the morning after heh heh
I slipped into the parking lot to take a picture of Floridino's to put with my Yelp review and screeched to a halt when I saw this scrapbooking store--new since I was here last September.  What  beautiful,  well-lit, clean, appealing store!  I bought a couple of items and was glad to see that Chandler now had another scrapbooking store to make up for losing Recollections.  Now I will combine this with a trip to my favorite rubber stamp store--Stampworks!--whenever I am in town!
I have been seeing Dr Milana and his staff now for about 3 years (amazing how fast it goes when you see them every six months). The first time I met them they were friendly, professional, and engaging. Each time I go in they continue to ask me something about our last conversation we had six months ago. The hygienist have all been gentle but yet aggressive towards the culprits that linger in my mouth and Dr Milana has always been very efficient, effective, and professional. He will always take a few minutes to chat and see how I am over all. They have now moved over to their new home on Indian School and it is gorgeous! Great space and great location! I appreciate everything they do for me and will continue to take all my teeth needs there :)
Went to Timo recently after a recommendation from a friend and we couldn't have been more pleased. The decor is really impressive inside and out. We chose to sit outside by the fire. The staff was very attentive and helpful with all of our questions. Our server recommended the escargot to start and we were a little apprehensive, but went for it anyway. It was absolutely delicious! We also shared an eggplant lasagna and a flatbread pizza. Both were equally amazing. The wine pairings our server suggested were spot on as well. We'll be going back to timo soon! New favorite neighborhood spot!
Jake is my auto guy and is over at Shuman's Auto Clinic. For years I have trusted Jake with my personal vehicle's and Business van. He is working for Mike over at Shuman's and I didn't think I can trust a car guy like I trusted Jake and then Jake introduced me to Mike and his crew over at Shuman's and they are great. They fix what needs to be fixed and they look over what other things look like they need attention and let you know the REAL Story, not a strong arm sales pitch, just real honest advice and GREAT work. Thanks Jake and Mike!!!!!
this was my favorite bar in all of Arizona (i only went to a few bars though so maybe my opinion isn't valid). in didn't have that college bar vibe of pretentious abercrombie and fitch wearing frat boys, and tan and blond girls gone wild type of girls. it more or less is a dive bar, but it isn't seedy at all. it has a great staff, and they have good appetizers. during happy hour, i got a HUGE vegetable plate for under 4 bucks. there is a pool table here, darts, and a big TV. my favorite drink here is was the hurricane the cute bartender made for me. i miss this place.
Everyone should try this little place.  I command thee. \n\nFirst of all, Zefie, the owner takes special care to make everything as fresh as possible.  That's why, when you order one of the tremendous fruit salads, she doesn't chop anything beforehand.  So I ordered it for like $2.50 and was expecting some little cup of cantaloupe, grapes, etc.  But NO!  It was HUGE, it had mango, jicama, strawberries, and lots of other fresh, delicious fruit, was topped by coconut, sliced almonds, and whipped cream.  It was so good.  I ate it before I got home.  \n\nSo, being more adventurous the next time, I tried the pico de gallo, which I found out was NOT salsa but was actually cups of cut up fruit with a chili mixture on top.  Didn't think I would like it, but again, LOVED it.  It's a great contrast of spicy and sweet.  I  loved the cantaloupe and cucumber cup.\n\nI'm not really a smoothie gal, so I still haven't tried one of those.  But I did buy one of the prepackaged coconut ice cream bars on a scorching day and it was yummy.\n\nWas wanting something a little more substantial one time, so I stopped in and Zefie made me a torta.  Great torta.  Actually, it was better than the one at my precious Los Reyes.\n\nSo, in short, everyone should try this place.  Don't be deterred by the mostly-in-Spanish menu on the wall.  There may be a little difficulty communicating with one of the workers, but the owner seems totally fluent in English.  Everyone is very friendly at this little place.  You may have to wait a little since they make everything fresh.
"""We had girls night out last Saturday and were so impressed by Lucky Strike.  The vibe was good, the service was good, and the staff was friendly.  We had a reservation for 7 to bowl and checked in and got our clean bowling shoes without a hitch.\n\nAwesome drink specials from 9-close - $2 domestic drafts, $3 well drinks, and $4 house wine.  I was a little put off by the sign out front about the dress code - no \colors\"""", motorcycle wear, construction boots, or cut-offs.  This place was pretty classes and I just hope it stays that way.  \n\nGreat place to celebrate a birthday or take a group.  Awesome DJ with VIDEOS (I love that) and pool tables.\n\n:)"""""""
I've been to Ocean Club many times and even had my husband's 40th birthday party there this past September.  However, during our last visit I ordered the crusted ahi tuna which I've had many times before and LOVED. This time, though, it didn't taste BAD but definitely didn't taste good. I didn't even eat half of the meal. \n\nBy midnight, I was sick. I called the restaurant the next day to let them know and had an unpleasant conversation with a manager who was fairly unsympathetic and seemed unconcerned. \n\nHowever, I got follow up from the General Manager regarding my experience. His excellent customer service is much more reflective of my previous experiences at Ocean Club and of the reputation of the restaurant in general. I look forward to my next meal there.
We all know mattress shopping can be a bit of a pain, unless we know exactly what we want, which i didn't!  After laying on a few, I asked for a recommendation - and got a great one!  They had a $2500 mattress on sale for $800.  While it was more pricey than I had originally planned, the mattress came with a 20 year warranty, and he threw in a free bed frame,. as well as an excellent mattress pad with a 10 year warranty.  Plus the mattress is incredibly comfy, which was necessary for me since I fractured my back a few months ago and was having a hard time finding something that worked well with my back issues.  Thx Sleep America!
"""Our family had a fantastic time last week at the Children's Museum of Phoenix.  It was our second visit to the museum in as many years, and it confirmed my prior opinion that this is one of the best children's museums anywhere.  \n\nThe challenge with this museum is that it gets very crowded and some of the interactive exhibits are optimized for the kids' enrichment and enjoyment rather than to facilitate the parents' supervision, which adds to the challenge of keeping a watchful eye on your little ones.  One the first level is \the Climber\"""", where the kiddos walk, climb, crawl and explore several levels up in a complicated structure.  Museum staffers are well positioned to listen and watch for children who are upset or scared, but I had a difficult time tracking my kids' progress.  There are three places where the kids can exit, so a couple times my daughter left the structure and despite trying to track her I didn't know where she was.  Same with the Noodle Forest on the 3rd level - the kids enter the noodles and you can either try to follow or just cover the 60' +/- exit to make sure they don't get past.\n\nOur kids loved everything - The Climber, Whoosh (the scarves zipping around the vacuum tubes), the floating ping pong balls with the PVC pipes next to Whoosh on the first floor, the car wash/pedal power on the 2nd floor, the Market and of course the Noodle Forest on the 3rd Floor.  Everything was great fun.\n\nThe physical plant also enhances the experience at the museum.  It is a great reuse of an historic school building.  I am a big believer that great spaces make an impression and a difference.  The building makes the museum even better.\n\nGreat experience.  Highly recommend."""""""
This place is amazing!!!  This place is the very definition of a 'hole in the wall' and it totally delivers on every level.  I have had the Chile Colorado, Steak Picado, and sampled the Chicken Mole.....all have been fantastic.  And if you like real homemade corn tortillas...this is the place to go.  If you go while they have Happy Hour, don't be afraid to order the Margarita.  It's not  the usual pint sized glass you get at most Happy Hours....this is a legitimate fullsize 'Rita!  I can't wait to go back again to try something new!
OK, I have been here 3 times since I've moved to the Valley and I feel as though I am finally ready to review it. I've been once on a date, once with a friend who was visiting, and most recently with two friends who were born and raised here but never had the opportunity to go. Oh, and they brought their little baby girl. The third time, the charm as I will begin to refer to it, we waited about an hour and thirty minutes.\n\nThe place is a gem. There atmosphere inside the restaurant is intimate and homey. You can see Chris Bianco making the pizzas himself behind the counter and can smell the fire from the wood burning oven. We were greeted by the one and only waiter who is originally from Chicago. He's worked with Bianco for like 13 years, he said. \n\nWe ordered a bottle of wine and three pizzas for us to share. My two fav pizzas from Biancos are the Rosa and the Margharita. The Marg only has sauce and garlic so I added mushrooms. The Rosa has no sauce, cheese, pistachios, and crack. Seriously, the Rosa...I could eat it everyday. The crust is very thin and not heavy. If you're crazy about crust, you won't think this pizza is as amazing as I do. The sauce, I think, is what makes the pizzas so great. Not only that, but the fresh ingredients that are used make the pizza taste just that much better.\n\nYes, there is a long wait but it's an experience. After 3 bottles of wine shared between three of us (my Mommy friend was being good), we had such a great time chatting it up with our server and enjoying each others company. Why not wait an hour or so for good pizza when it's not anymore expensive that a fully loaded, greasy large pizza from Dominos?\n\nThe wine selection is good. The pizza is great. The service is stellar. If you don't want to wait in the wine bar for drinks, they'll call you over from the Rose and Crown bar across the way. It'll save you a couple bucks, too.
"""We showed up here randomly for a lovely Valentine's day dinner.  And by randomly, I mean we actually tried to get into the Italian place next door first, and they were like \You? No reservations? SHA!!!!!!!!!\""""\nAnd boy am I glad we got that attitude.\nSaba's was great! Uncrowded and perfect on such a hectic reservation night. The type of place that if you drop your utensils, you shrug and dive in face first, nom-nom style, and only come up for air.\nIn the course of this noshing, I somehow managed to... fling an olive, a lovely huge fresh olive, onto the floor.  One of the owners basically caught it, and smilingly came over.  \n\nHe told a story about how one time, many years ago, he was trying to stab an olive from a plate of many with a fork and just couldn't quite get it.  One of his elders came over, stabbed one expertly, and winked and said \""""you just tired them out for me\""""."""""""
The service from Unique is excellent, I stopped calling another shop in town as they were impossible to get on the phone. These guys took care of me.\n\nI went in to have my seats upgraded, the factory seat cushions were terrible and they did a great job in adding more foam but keeping the seat shape. We had a small part that broke on the side of the seat, but they took care of it with no hassle. I have no hesitation recommending the shop to anyone.
"""It's as good as it gets for Scottsdale Espresso but watch your \barista\"""" if it doesn't take 11-18 seconds for an espresso pull it's coming out too fast. I am not a snob, I just know espresso and it's not because I worked at a Starbucks how DARE you!... oh damn, I am a snob. That's good for you, because you can trust me. So if you like gelato- it rocks, if you like espresso and feel a little \"""" hip \"""" go there and have a nice espresso or espresso drink. Another tip ? okay glad you asked- It should take about 10 seconds for the sprinkled sugar to break through the crema on top of the espresso ( that brownish head on top) if it doesn't - It's not the best it can be. \nYes I make them at home that well."""""""
I boarded my dog here a couple weeks ago and I loved it. It's hard to find boarding places that let the dogs play together--and not charge you and arm and a leg for it.\n\nThe play time was only an additional $10 a day and my dog got to play for three hours in the morning and three hours in the afternoon. She was so tired when I got her home. (Which is good!) She loves playing with other dogs and I feel guilty leaving her in our apartment all day long with no interaction. Usually she just gets to go to the dog part on the weekends, so this was a nice treat for her. \n\nThe staff was SUPER friendly and professional. I called later in the day after I dropped her off to check in on her. The lady was so sweet. She knew exactly which dog I was talking about and gave me the update that my dog as having fun and loved to play fetch. \n\nIf you don't need to board your dog, they have doggy daycare--I think they call it Puppy Camp. The rates are reasonable and the dogs get to play with each other twice a day, from 9-12 and 2-5. \n\nThe staff even called me to let me know that she had a slight limp after I picked her up. They wanted to make sure I kept my eye on it. It was barely noticeable. But, they took great care of her. They said as soon as they noticed it, they brought her inside to rest. My dog plays hard (not aggressive, just non-stop). So, she probably just pulled something or bumped into something. She was fine within a day or two. \n\nI will definitely be bringing my dog back here. I felt she was well taken care of and loved the friendly service. :)
I don't know how many leather-bound books he has or whether or not his apartment smells of rich mahogany, but head baker Jeff Yankellow is kind of a big deal.  In 2005, he was part of a team that won the Coupe du Monde, so he's literally been a world champion at baking. \n\nYou'd think with that kind of cache, you'd find him working at some ridiculously upscale restaurant or in an overly pretentious bakery in the middle of an overly pretentious area.  Nope.  The Simply Bread bakery is a non-descript warehouse with a small house in front to serve as the shop located on 24th St north of McDowell.   \n\nBut, trust me, if this is out of the way for you, make the trip.  Jeff and his staff make some of the most ridiculously good baked things you will ever have.  The baguette is his specialty, but the bakery also served dozens of varieties of bread, jams, jellies, cookies, rolls, etc... Even just the standard white bread you'd make your PB& J on is awesome.  I overbought the last time I went in and spent the next 3 days finding things to do with bread, because I'd run out of freezer space.  \n\nI can't deduct a star for it being pricey.  You get what you pay for, and at this place you get the best possible ingredients prepared by those who are actually passionate about making bread.  This is one of the true hidden gems of Phoenix.
Sure, this place might already have Christmas songs mixed in with their regular songs (even though it was only November 3rd) but it's still the best Ann Taylor I've ever been to. \n\nIt's in the Arizona Mills Mall, which is an outlet mall, but this isn't an Ann Taylor outlet, per se.  As in, they also carry the newer collections on top of the discounted shoes and clothing. \n\nWhat struck me about the place was not the clothing or selection but the service.  I wish I lived closer to Arizona just so every time I went shopping Judith could help me.\n\nThis is a clean, bright store, and the service is amazing.  If you live in the area, go here.  Besides, you're sure to find some bargains.
This place is truly amazing. Especially if your a fan of craft beer. every beer this brewery makes is masterfully crafted and wonderful to enjoy. \n   \n   On top of that the food is awesome. It's not your average bar food and has a lot to offer. \n   \n   There is a patio to enjoy if you prefer to be outside. The patio area is cleverly split into 2 sections one for non-smokers and the other for smokers. The inside is a very nice place to eat as well. The decorations and the brick-house feel are a peaceful yet fun place to enjoy your drinks and food. \n   \n   For those that care about the atmosphere will especially enjoy the inside of this restaurant as it has the brewing tanks and decorations alike giving you an experience like no other. On top of that the music is actually good. It's loud enough to hear and with musicians like Jimi Hendrix, and Sublime in the line-up it makes for a good night of listening. \n   \n   The amazing service is also a huge plus. I have never had bad service and everyone is really nice and accommodating. \n\n   This is a go-to place for groups of people looking to have fun, and I would highly recommend it for business outings and customer appreciations.
"""I recently purchased by first road bike from Eric, the owner of Slippery Pig. The service was and continues to be superb. I got a really great deal on the bike as well as all the \fixings\"""" like a computer, headlight, shoes, pedals, extra tubes, etc. Eric even took the time to give me a mini lesson on how to fix a flat/replace a tube and how to adjust the clips on my shoes (after he took the time to secure them in for me in the first place). This was not because his bike shop was quiet and there wasn't any other work to do...this is because that is just the kind of guy he is and the type of bike shop he runs. You might have to wait a while to get help when its busy but they're gonna take good care of you when they do. The guys are a laid back group who love to shoot the shit and talk about bikes, recent rides, and old battle-scars. Any time my bike needs a tune up or adjustment they are happy to help. They made sure the bike fit my frame well and made minor adjustments to the seat height, handle bar angle, etc. Things I would not be able to do for myself as a novice rider. Furthermore, as a new rider the guys are even encouraging me to ride with a group and I've been invited to join them on many rides. There are some negative reviews but I would disregard them. I would gladly buy another bike here and I have many friends who have been loyal to this shop for many, many years and have purchased dozens of bikes from Eric. The new shop is in a great location across from the light-rail on Central ave. Plus there is a new, adorable shop-puppy working there!"""""""
Fantastic service!!! Everyone we encountered from the manager & servers to the busboy, was very personable and welcoming. Even my 5 yr old son was treated with kindness and smiles - not typical at this caliber of restaurant and it was so appreciated. \n\nThe food was excellent. I especially enjoyed the appetizer of yellow fin tuna cups - so light and a perfect bite to get my taste buds going.  My filet was cooked perfectly and I could have eaten ten of the crab-stuffed tomatoes. The chocolate dessert recommended by the waiter was also divine - and I don't even like sweets or chocolate! A 5-star experience all around. \n\nWhen in Fountain Hills, I'd skip the stay at CopperWynd but dinner at Alchemy is a must!
This place is great. Now I would like to qualify my 5 stars. These strip mall nail salons usually suck so bad that 1 star is too many. That being said, as a strip mall nail salon goes, this place is top-notch. But don't go expecting some amazing 5 star spa, you won't get it. What you will get is a clean, sanitized, friendly staff. The guy did my pedicure and it was one of the best I've ever had. My feet & calves were so sore from ballet and now - they feel great! I got gels done, and I will say they aren't really set up to do gel toes. (they are for hands). I wish they had the UV light a little more convenient for feet, I had to get up each time, but otherwise a very pleasant experience for a very stressed woman!
"""I've hit up the usual \Middle Eastern/Mediterranean\"""" spots in Tempe (We luckily have a quite a few)...and I am so surprised that I have yet to review MedFresh. \n\nI am enamored. Their hummus is divine, their Gyro plates are sublime. Let's talk about the fact that they have chicken and beef/lamb roasting all day...top that with their delicious red sauce (what the heck is that stuff!?)...and it's pure satisfying delight.\n\nThey also give you a little side salad, for a well balanced, complete meal.\n\nNow, what makes them stand out? THE QUALITY. Hands-down. Some other places (which shall remain nameless, you've been there, I've been there...they're open late and you needed some drunk food fixins) serve up the nastiest cuts of chicken/beef/lamb. I rarely eat meat as is...so when I do, I don't want gristly, cold, marbley fat meat.\n\nSo here we go...in short, just try it once. What can you really lose? You'll find out it's better than the other spots, for the same price, and suddenly you don't have to eat food, while intoxicated, to appreciate it.\n\nWin, win : )"""""""
I took my Goldendoodle puppy, McGillicuddy, to Petsmart for a trim and they nipped her schnoz. Unwilling to take her there again I searched Yelp for groomers and came across Hug n Pups, who had received stellar reviews.  I soon found out they were worthy of all the praise.\n\nMcGillicuddy and I were warmly welcomed and Stan explained the grooming needs of a Goldendoodle puppy. I picked her up a few hours later and was thrilled with the result. She was as soft and cuddly as a teddy bear and smelled terrific too. The staff is always friendly and helpful. I will definitely continue taking her there.
After a long weekend at a kung fu seminar my sifu had, and REALLY bad food a had in scottsdale, I was thinking to myself AZ food sucks!!!!!! I don't live in AZ but I go there atleast once a year and when I leave I am disapointed and wishing I'm back in CA for real food. One of my friends that live there challenged my complaint and brought me to Famous Dave's Barbeque. You know i loves me some bbq but this is AZ how good can it be?? \n\nWoW!!!! This place is off the hook!!!!! we ordered the dinner sampler which had chicken, hot links, BRISKET!!, ribs, and some sides. They were all feakin OFF DA HOOK man!!!! Especially the brisket!! i think it was the best i ever had. they offered 4-5 different kinds of bbq sauce. I'm tellin ya i was in heaven!!! \n\nPLS forgive me AZ for i have sinned!! you have opened my eyes and i will never say the food sucks there again!!! \n\nTHANK YOU SIR, MAY I HAVE ANOTHER!!!  :)
Have a co-worker in from Denver-has read my blog and wanted to take another co-worker and wife to dinner.  I suggested Tommy V's.  We went last night and Chef Doug out did himself again!  Amazing.  \n\nWe ordered a bottle of Nativa Carmenere Reserva, Curico Valley, Chile **Organic and Crostino Di Prosciutto Toasted bread capped with prosciutto & melted mozzarela sprinkled with fresh sage and Mozzarella Caprese Fresh Mozzarella, Vine-Ripened Tomatoes, Basil, EVOO Drizzle to start.  AMAZING!!!  SO YUMMY!!\n\nFor dinner 3 of us had the Grilled Shrimp Risotto Corn, Preserved Lemon and Snipped Herbs and 1  had Tommy's Amazing Homemade Pasta Trio - Tortelli Wild Mushroom, Portobello Mascarpone, Ravioli Spinach Ricotta Truffle and Gnocchi, Brie, Asiago Cheese, Brown Butter Sage Sauce.\n\nAnd for dessert we had the limoncello sorbet and the chocolate tartufo.  \n\nChef Doug - you are truly a rockstar!  Love, love, loved dinner last night!\nThank you again for coming out and chatting with us.  You know I just like getting you out of the kitchen ;)\n\n\nCan't wait to go back with the girls and do a girls night out!
We tried to go on Friday nite, but we couldn't even get into the parking lot at 6pm.  We decided to come back for Sunday Brunch at 10am.  Good call since the restaurant quickly filled and the noise level steadily increased by 11a when we left.  \n\nHoly Moley on the Portion sizes!  I got the green chile burger and fries and despite help from DH, I still couldn't finish this overwhelming sized burger and fries.  Bring a friend or an enormous appetite when you go.  Delicious food: guacamole was chunky and fresh, salsa was spicy and chips were freshly made, burger was good, but perhaps not a date nite food due to sloppy spill factor, coffee was terrific and orange juice was fresh squeezed.  DH got the Chilaquiles and LOVED them.  I snuck a little taste and loved the mix of red ranchero and green salsa pools at the bottom of his plate.  \n\nWe skipped lunch due to the size of this delicious  brunch.
Hippy hippy joy joy!\n\nThe two hippies made me happy. How?  In the midst of moving my wife from Phoenix to San Francisco and packing up boxes and boxes of stuff, she took me here for lunch.  I had a chili dog that was hot, messy, and awesomely tasty.  The toasted bun was an added plus.  Along with that was a bag of the greasiest, yummiest fries in the world.  Were they soggy?  Well, yeah, but that's one of the things that made them so good.  This is one of those rare places where you wish your stomach was twice as big so you could just keep eating.\n\nThere was no soda machine or fountain, but these guys had the class to offer RC and Shasta sodas from their refrigerator, and that taste just topped off an already fantastic meal with something more.\n\nOh, and by the way, the whole shebang was $5!\n\nThere ain't much to this place, there are padded stools, a bar to eat on, lots and lots of hippy decor, and a kitchen that's always sending out smoke and delicious smells.  This place is ultra yum.  Forget about the fast food places--Two Hippies pwns them all.  Better food, more of it, and cheaper too.  Stop thinking about it--turn off your mind, relax, and float downstream.  It is believing.
"""Awesome Bar and great food and live bands... Also don't forget.. Band Together  benefit for Lisa Mesa!will be held there.. on Jan 28 2012\n\nThis will be a day of music mixed with comedy as we \band together\"""" to raise funds for my friend, Lisa Mesa who has been fighting Non Hodgkins Lymphoma on and off since 2005. Insurance won't cover all of what she needs and her musical friends are throwing a fundraiser for her. There will be raffles for prizes, a silent auction, a 50/50 raffle, a variety of music and some comedy as well! Come down and help us raise funds for Lisa and have a good time while your are at it! ALL proceeds will go to helping with medical expenses for treatments. We would Love to see you there. If you can't make it, you can always donate via contacting Lisa Mesa directly! Know someone who would like to run a vendor booth? Tell them to contact me :) Spread the word and invite your friends!\n\n\n\nhttp://www.facebook.com/events/121845437932281/?ref=ts"""""""
It is not often that you run across a hidden gem such as this during the weekly business travels.  Today I did just that.  I stumbled into Il Bosco Pizza in Scottsdale, AZ.  I was greeted at the door by the owner/ Bill Forrest.  I received nothing but wonderful hospitality throughout my dining experience from both Bill and Barbara as well as some entertaining dialog with the kitchen team (a penquin tattoo, really?).\nThe wine list was well thought out with very reasonable by the glass and bottle prices.  The menu selection was focused.  By that I mean, it stayed true to what they do and they do it well.  Too often you find the restaurant that wants to be everything to everybody.  Not here.  They do pizza very well.  I have traveled to Italy many times in my career and this place nails it.  Great dough coupled with the finest of ingredients, prepared in a minimalist style that lets the food do the talking.  I am truly impressed.  I will be back often.  I hope for Bill and Barbara that this is a hit but deep down I love the hidden gem.  \nIf you are a foodie and love food without pretense, you will love Il Bosco.  This is a foodie find.  I am a chef and I absolutely love this place.  You will not be disappointed.  \nCheers,
I've always loved this theater. Big enough and still be intimate. There are no bad seats on the main floor. I love the feeling of grandeur once you enter this theater. I always feel like whatever I'm watching is going to be good otherwise it wouldn't be performing at the Herberger. I also love their location, 5 min walking distance from the Arizona Center so we can have a great dinner before a show at a nice restaurant without having to stress out about driving and the need to find parking twice!
After my landscaping company had several failed attempts at various irrigation services that I needed, I called Pro Irrigation Services to fix the mistakes previously made and make some overall improvements to my system.  Pro Irrigation Services were expedient, professional and went the extra mile to deliver a system overhaul and repairs.  Not only that, they charged me much less than what my landscaping company wanted to charge.  I feel I got a better service, a better product and a new partner in the process.
I just really love the Alwun House. I have been to several events there over the last couple of years including the Monster's Ball this past Halloween weekend. For each event I have gone to, the artwork in this art house was very relevant to the theme. I like being able to see art while I am getting my party on! The cover to the events are reasonable and drinks cheap. They also typically have complimentary appetizers which is always welcomed with long lines. \n\nEntertainment (besides the always interesting people watching) usually consists of some performance art, magic tricks, DJs spinning beats, and my favorite, a burlesque troupe (Provacatease). At times a little kooky, I always find it enjoyable and have a great time at these parties. The crowd is varied and full of fun weirdos. I love it! \n\nBesides the main events, Alwun House also hosts speakers, poetry and rotating exhibits. You can become a member for $25 a year, too, which helps support this local spot.
I am always nervous going to fancy places like Modern Steak. I am not a fancy guy by nature but I LOVED Modern Steak. Some friends took us there and we were not disappointed. The Atmosphere was so rad, not the typical vibe of a steak joint.  The wait staff was on point, polite and did anything to make us comfortable and happy. I got the Day Boat Scallops, roasted Salsify, Truffled Clementine vinaigrette. The Scallops were so perfectly cooked, I have never had better. The Salsify accented the scallops very well. I don't want to sound like I am gushing but everything was perfect. For dessert we got the chocolate cake skillet type dish with the ice cream on top and it was amazing. I can't wait to try lunch and the Kobe burger, they sound amazing. The only downside was making the trek to the Men's bathroom, which was past the bar area. Having to muscle through a sea of Affliction shirt wearing and gel haired bros. Holding my breath through the slight fog of Axe body spray, was kinda worth it cause the bathrooms were nice :)
"""Intriguing and fun!  All I've experienced so far is the market and the food counter.\n\nThe market stocks a unique variety of foods,and has a pretty solid beer and wine selection.  Lots of local products... I noticed lots of local foods, and a good selection of Arizona beers, too (and not just the standard Four Peaks offering that you can find in most stores... good stuff from breweries in Sedona and Flagstaff, among others).\n\nAs for the food counter, it's absolutely worth a try.  The pulled pork sandwich is at the top of the menu for a reason.  It is fantastic!  The sauces on hand are very good too, and represent a nice variety... vinegar based Southern sauces, and your \standard\"""" tomato based midwestern sauces too.\n\nDefinitely worth a visit."""""""
I've been quiet about this place for far too long!! I have been coming here for the past 4 years and won't go anywhere else!! Lillian takes such good care of me.\n\n Right before I started coming here I had an accident that damaged my thumb permanently. I don't have a thumb nail to work with but that didn't stop Lillian. She knew just what to do to make it look beautiful again. Seriously no one can tell I have a deformed thumb. She is an artist!!! \n\nThey have the best pedi chairs around and plenty for all of your friends to come together. \n\nAlthough they do accept walk-in appts, I recommend calling ahead to make sure they can accommodate your schedule.  Oh, and ask about happy hour, not sure when it is but they do give a discount during that time.
Roka Akor has many creative and tasty choices. We opted to try several small dishes over the entrees and every dish was amazing. The sashimi was the freshest I've ever had. I also recommend the butterfish tataki and salmon nigiri. The shishito peppers, sweet potatoes, and corn are excellent vegetable options. \n\nThe service at Roka Akor is phenomenal. The servers are perfectly trained, knowledgeable, and considerate. Several people assist the waiter with delivering dishes, drinks, cleaning, and questions. They all work to ensure that customers have a wonderful experience.\n\nThe prices are a little high, but completely worth it for the quality, service, and ambiance. It's easy to run up a high bill, so I recommend bringing a Groupon-style coupon.\n\nRoka Akor is one of the finest places that I have dined and I highly recommend it to others.
I've been wanting to try this place for awhile and we finally did last weekend. We will definitely be back soon!\n\nI got eggs cooked over-medium, potatoes, bacon and toast. All was delish and their coffee was great too. My fiance got pancakes along with some other things and they tasted good too!\n\nA great place to go when you want a diner atmosphere. The place is pretty big too, so if there's a wait, you probably won't have to wait long.\n\nOh and the service was spot on!
Although I've only dropped in here a few times, I've really fallen in love with this place. I just moved from LA back to Phoenix and I really wasn't expecting a whole lot returning home. I did not think a store like this could be found outside of the Bay Area, LA, or New York. They've got an awesome selection of clothing, hats, and vinyl records. The best thing about this place is the owners/staff. They're totally cool with you just hanging out and chatting and they even encourage you to dig around in the vinyl collection. They've got all the best things a hip-hop/street culture store has to offer and then some. If you're about real music and real style, this is the place to go in the Valley. Accept no substitutes.
Un-Believe-Able.  I could not have been happier with this photographer. Unfortunately I didn't know about them before I got married, but if I had I would have flown them all the way to Michigan just so they could shoot my wedding day. I hired them to do my Trash the Dress photo shoot and they were amazing, but wait it gets better they were CHEAP!  They came all the way to Phoenix from Flagstaff with two photographers and an assistant on a Sunday, and the whole thing only cost me $400!  That included the 4 hours of photos and the hi-res disk with release rights.  They had the most amazing ideas and they were super friendly and fun. Just thinking about it makes me want to get married all over again just so I can hire them to be my wedding photographer.  I would recommend them for ANY occasion and from what I understand they will travel almost anywhere.  Look on their site they have some great galleries.\n\nDate of service: April 2010
"""The location: -2 stars. The restaurant is TINY, and located within a gift shop. That being said, the food: 7 stars. Almost every dish had perfectly-balanced flavors, and each was new, exciting, and utterly delicious. I'm afraid \fantastic\""""  doesn't begin to describe the flavor profile and depth of ingredients. The farm salad, in particular, was so good it left me speechless. And as an added benefit, the service is impeccable. Both the waitress and the chef went out of their way to make our experience amazing - and I am glad to report that they succeeded."""""""
Being my first review, there is only one place I've always had a 5-star experience. Hoodlum's is the ultimate music/cd/vinyl/DVD/used music store in the Valley. ZIA and Stinkweeds are a distant second in terms of selection, price and overall experience.\n\nSteve and Kristian are two of the nicest local business owners I've ever met. They know a ton about music and the local scene. They'll help you find anything you need.\n\nTucked in the SW corner of Guadalupe and McClintock (next to Traders Joe's), this is a special place to find that CD/DVD you've been waiting to purchase. \n\nThey also have a wide selection of used CD's and DVD's to are at bargin prices, be sure to check that out too!
"""After living here for 6years, Hana is the best sushi I've had in Phoenix, period. In fact, it's so good, I will not eat sushi anywhere else now. \n\nNow, let me give you some context so you may determine if this review is for you:\n\nDo you dip your rice in soy sauce?\nDo you add \wasabi\"""" to your soy sauce?\nDo you eat rolls other than basic seaweed, rice, fish?\nDo you think the green paste is wasabi?\nDo you call the fish part of the nigiri, \""""sushi\""""?\n\nIf you said YES to any of the above (don't lie), this review is NOT for you. Otherwise, read on....\n\nHamachi Kama was brilliant; perfectly cooked and delicious. Yellowtail handroll was utterly amazing. The yellowtail handroll is my go-to. At Hana the fish was melt-in-your-mouth fresh and had the perfect fish to rice ratio which is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT. I also tried the halibut, striped bass, crab, masago with quail egg, and salmon. All the fish was the freshest, best tasting I have eaten since moving from Los Angeles. The sunomono was even amazing!\n\nHelp-wise, the service was spot-on. Extremely friendly and very attentive.\n\nI can't say enough good things about this place. Disclaimer: I have yet to try Yasu, which I hear is amazing as well, but compared to every other sushi joint in Phoenix, THIS is the spot to go to. F everywhere else."""""""
We recently moved to Phoenix and I was so nervous about finding the right pediatrician for our kids.  As some background, I come from an extremely coddled pediatric environment where 2 of my best friends that lived within a mile of my house were our pediatricians.  Upon first moving to Phoenix,  I chose Camelback Pediatrics because it was the closest to our house.  I went there a few times and was never satisfied.  The doctors were nice and intelligent but I was never happy with the staff and the way my kids were treated.  Camelback Peds did not have a kid friendly environment (i.e. Colors on the wall, toys, kids books, tv, etc) and it's a Pediatricians office!  A friend recommended Scottsdale Pediatric Group so I tried it.  When entering the office, I knew it was the right place.  The front office ladies were so kind, a cartoon was playing in the lobby, books were available for the kids to look, there were colorful walls, etc.  The awesome customer service continued when we went to the exam room.  The nurse was friendly, Dr. Garrett was amazing, our son got a free book and stickers, shots were quick and delicate,  I could go on and on.  Thanks for making me feel comfortable in your environment!  I'm so happy we found you!
"""One of the best Philly Cheesteaks I have had!\n\nGreat little restaurant where the owners are super friendly, the staff I pleasant and helpful, and the food matches the quality you would expect.\n\nWe stopped in on a Sunday evening, not wanting to have to wait to eat. They were happy to help and offered some sugestions as we were just kinda \blah\"""" about eating.\n\nWe ordered the sampler appetizers, a small cheese pizza for the kids, some bone in and boneless wings, the philly Cheesteaks and a ham and provolone sub. \n\nWe took a menu and a magnet on the way out and will be visiting again!"""""""
Petite Maison, you may earn the title of petite in the size of your little Maison but your food earns the title of grande! \n\nThe appearance of Petite Maison earns a point because it's this adorable little cottage situated in the middle of the hustle and bustle of Old Town. True to its French roots, the stucco exterior is full of greenery and flowers and resembles a cottage straight out of a french children's book. It's just as dainty inside. When you first walk in, it's similar to walking into an enchanted cottage with a bar on the left and intimate dining on the right. The patio is hidden and covered with plants. While petite, it really is the perfect size for the concept. \n\nThe food is tres bon. I've tried their two specialties: the salmon braconne and the burger Maison. My goal is to try everything on the menu but for now I think I've gotten le creme of the crop in the cuisine department! Normally more of a sandwich girl myself, I heard that the salmon salad was pretty spectacular so I had to give it a go. The reviews don't lie my friends. It's delicious. It's buttery, delectable, refreshing and literally melts in your mouth. The poached salmon is cooked to perfection and I wish I had the entire salad and not just half! However, the burger was just as spectacular as I hoped as well. With the brioche bun and gooey cheese, it also melted in your mouth and the bread was as soft as can be. Next on my list is to try the Croque Monsieur because if it's anything like the food I've already tried, then I know my taste buds are in for a treat! \n\nAll in all, Petite Maison lends for an adorable experience and I think this would be a good restaurant to go with friends, your Mom or even on a date. Or all of the above! The staff is incredibly friendly and I wish they would place petite maisons all over the valley! We need more french dining like this.
5 stars for a simple market and deli with some killer good freshly prepared food.\n\nI've been coming here for years.  I find the portions to be reasonable, and the quality of the food top notch.  Go to the counter, place  your order, and they'll call you up to do a pick up when it's ready.\n\nNothing like going in for a quick lunch and walking out with a bunch of grocery items, a chunk of feta, a pound of tabbouleh, and a bag of freshly baked pita breads.\n\nI'm a fan of their food overall.  There are excellent options for vegetarians.  They also make outstanding stuffed grape leaves.  True story- during one of my pregnancies I craved these, and went twice a week to get them.  They are as good now as they were then.\n\nThere is seating here, so you can go with a small group and have lunch easily.\n\nDon't forget to pick up some freshly prepared baklava for dessert!
My daughter and I wandered in one Saturday afternoon-- little did I know that it would become our favorite new lunch spot!  I had the proscuitto and fig panini, which was outstanding!  My daughter's grilled cheese was so oozy with melted goodness, she immediately proclaimed herself the Cheese Monster ( when you're 6 years old, you can make such proclamations).  Staff was so friendly!  We found ourselves there again the following Saturday and look forward to visiting there regularly!  PS:  Their specialty milkshakes and coffee drinks are amazing as well!
I love this grocery store!  I wish there was one closer to my house but its okay I have alot of great places in my area too...anyways I have always loved going here for groceries...especially for specialty stuff and I think their frozen meals are the best and second to none!  My boyfriend loves their coffee and I love their hummus!  I love how they set up their stores and its such an inviting and fun atmosphere!  If you like fruit bars try the high fiber fruit and veggie bars they are good for you and they are good!  Their wine selection is awesome too; especially for being a smaller grocery store, but I really like their white wine selection.  Go here and shop shop shop!!!!
We just visited this spa for my mother's 60th birthday and had an amazing time! My mom was able to get a 60 min swedish massage for $89 as part of a Birthday promotion and everyone that came with her got 20% off any service, what a deal! The spa itself was very clean, the staff was very friendly and attentive, and the massages were to die for. The aroma candles and lotion smelled amazing and they really focused on the areas requested. They also gave us a tour of the place to start and made us feel very at home. It had a nice sauna and jacuzzi and the showers had a wonderful view of the golf course. I am not sure why the previous reviewer said  there was no place to get ready as they had 6 sinks with mirrors, hairspray, qtips, hair dryers, brushes, curling irons, mouth wash etc. We were all able to take showers and get fully ready with everything they provided. I was hesitant to go based on that review so rest assured that they do have everything you need to get ready for the day! Overall a great girls day at the spa!
"""I loved this place. The ambiance and decor is really great. There was a short wait when we got there, so we sat at the bar to have a drink and appetizer while we waited. I had the watermelon margarita and it was super yummy. It even came with a gummy worm in it! Me and my friend shared the garlic and rosemary fries and we couldn't finish them. Once we were sat, we were graced with a very handsome, nice waiter. I accidentally hit him on several occasions (I am an Italian and talk with my hands a lot. Oops.) and he joked with me about it. For dinner I ordered the Casablanca chicken sandwich, because I had heard such great things about it. My taste buds weren't ready for how delicious it was. And again, the portions were huge so I barely finished it. Our server was a really good sport and put up with me flirting with him even though he had a \misses\"""". Props for that. I'll totally be back to eat here again and try some of the other things on their menu!"""""""
My wife and I have been to the Golden Spoon on several occasions since they opened (my wife has been several more times than I have) and we are always happy with the flavors and service. I usually ask for three and sometime up to five different flavors to sample just to make sure I am getting the one I really want. So far I haven't found that there is any limit to how many samples you can try. :) Bonus!! \n\nNot to take advantage but I am adventurous and like to try new things and they let me with there yummy little samples. :) \n\nWe like golden spoon, and if you haven't tried it yet you should head on over.
All My Java Divas and Does\n\nThis is the cutest, quaintest cabin feel.  The food and drinks  especially the coffee is a must try.!!!!  You won't be sorry in fact you will be impressed.  The cabin feel here in the Desert  makes for a unique experience.  Wi-Fi available so all you college students get on in there!!! What are you waiting for.  Great place to hold book club, one on one meeting, any type of bible study group.  If your tired of big corporate place you have to try the unique family owned business:)  The prices very affordable.  warded Analynn's  :)
Threw a baby shower here and it was awesome!!  It was raining out, so the beautiful courtyard was out.  We instead had the private dining room which was perfect!  There was about 15 of us and there was plenty of room for everyone plus all the presents.  \nOur server was awesome.  Very patient and ran everything by me to make sure everything came out at the right time.  There was no issue setting up the bill so each person was responsible for cocktails and one check for the food.  \nEveryone loved the food, of course.  I loved not having to host at my house and clean.  They had no problem with me bringing in cupcakes, although they said the chef/owner can make a mean cake for special occassions.  There's a good chance I will throw a private party here again and will definitely try out the cake.\nAnother plus for Ticoz!!
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\n10 Food\n9 Service\n10 Atmosphere\n8 Value\n\nThis food is great (had/tried the hummus appetizer, ricotta ravioli, spaghetti squash casserole, and flourless chocolate cake)!\n\nJannese, our server, was prompt, knowledgeable, friendly, and energetic.\n\nThe atmosphere is pretty damn kick ass.  It's modern/contemporary, but also earthy (whereas modern is usually a colder, maybe steel look, so it's unique).\n\nThe food wasn't INexpensive, but it was very well priced for being organic and what I'll call artisan food.  You'll get more food for your money at Chili's, but then you'll also be a fatass with factory-line food.  True Food Kitchen has obviously put some TLC into their dishes and you just feel good about yourself while you're shoveling it into your face!\n\nAs an example, here's my bill:\n$16 - 2 cocktails\n$14 - 2 glasses of wine\n$  6 - 1 appetizer\n$25 - 2 meals\n$  7 - 1 dessert\n= $73 before tip
One word--3 syllables--FAB-U-LOUS\n\nAll the best parts of Scottsdale without the annoying snobs!\n\nParty of 4 went yesterday and we had a varied sampling from the menu. Had the olives and pub board as appetizers along with a very nice Spanish red wine that was suggested by the server. The Pub Board was fantastic with Portuguese chorizo, cheese, and a very yummy homemade pretzel. The olives were a really great sampling of many different types and they all complimented our wine well too. \n\nHubby had the Autostrada with the potato cheese soup, I had the 9 Iron with soup, friends split the Proscuitto with Brie with chips. All were positively perfect!\n\nFor dessert, we ordered a bottle of a white Spanish wine Fuente Milano and it had a nice grapefruity after taste that was very cleansing on the palate before we had the Chocolate Bouchon, the Creme Brulee, and the salted carmel sundae. OMG...all were so yummy and the wine went perfectly!\n\nThe nicest part about Postino is that it isn't on a main Scottsdale Rd. drag....it's actually nestled on a side street off of 39th St. and Campbell. You'd never know it was there if you weren't looking for it but apparently plenty of people know about it because it was hopping at noon yesterday.\n\nIf you haven't tried it....go. You won't regret it. It was hip, fun, and the food was realistically priced and absolutely DELICIOUS!
The service department is FABULOUS! I stopped by with my 2004 Santa FE (out of warranty for the issue I had even though I only have 38,000 miles). I spoke with the service manager and he had the service department order the parts of concern and had them installed at no cost as a goodwill gesture. They estimated the repair would take 2 hours, but it was ready in just 1 hour. The employees were soooooo nice and they even had coffee and bagels while I waited. The waiting area had been remodeled since my last visit and is very comfortable and well laid out. \nBonus: They even washed my vehicle. I highly recommend this service department!
"""Holy crap this place is good! I can't believe I've driven past it 89 times and went, \Meh, not just yet.\""""\n\nThe people working there are super friendly, and you can tell they have a lot of regulars. The decor is spotless and tasteful.\n\nThe food. Mmm boy. Yes they have most of the \""""typical\"""" food found at a Chinese restaurant, but guess what? It doesn't taste like they got it frozen off the back of a Chinese delivery truck like at other places. Really fresh, nicely prepared and presented, and delicious. I've ordered kung pow chicken at probably in the neighborhood of 50 restaurants, and this was easily the best. They also have specials written on the wall that look like unique and delicious creations, like spicy eggplant with prawns. I went with my standby meal to start, but I'll surely try something new next time."""""""
Great Trail! I love how you can do a full loop only backtracking for about 100 yards of the trail. The trail also offers connections to other more challenging hikes like Sunrise Peak, etc...\n\nBring your dog as there will be several other adventure pups for him/her to meet. \n\nThe best part of this trail is the wildlife. In the past three months alone I have seen several lizards, rabbits, chipmunks, coyotes, and two large deer. Oh - and I almost stepped on a very large rattlesnake so be careful during the summer.  My foot landed about 5 inches from the snakes head. Most of his body was in a bush, however the snake didn't seem to mind that I almost stepped on it. Apparently they don't bite unless you aggravate them.
I loved everything about this gym initially, except for the televisions connected to the cardio equipment. Great classes, great facilities, and nice people. My issue with the televisions is that you can't get closed captioning on all of them...or so I thought. I complained to the front desk about a couple of tvs that were out of service and he called over Clint the maintenance guy. Clint was so helpful. He works there three days a week and said I should grab him in case I see anything that needs fixing. He thanked me for bringing it to his attention. When I told him my issue with the closed captioning, he actually showed me how to add it to the tvs myself and then offered to add it to any tv I wanted. Now I just wish they had more locations in Phoenix.
Everything about PHX BIKE is custom.\n\nPalmer Kelley has opened a micro-sized shop in downtown Phoenix (Central/Monroe), but the customer service for me was huge.  He builds bikes from scratch, but he also has vast knowledge of BMX, fixed gear, and vintage bikes, too, like my old 50s Triumph.\n\nI was trying to replace a broken Brooks B72 saddle, so a friend advised me to call up Palmer on a Friday morning.  He was enthusiastic about my bike, and said he had a couple of Brooks distributors he worked with.\n\nPalmer was generous with his time and expertise, and we placed the order for a Brooks B66 and slender leather grips by the end of the day.\n\nPalmer emailed me an update on the delivery date early the next week, and by the following Thursday, he had installed the new saddle and grips.  On my way out of the store, we noticed a fraying break line, so he switched that out too.  The saddle angle was too steep, so he adjusted that as well -- all the while I knew he was trying to get out of town for the weekend.  I appreciated his patience and willingness to make me happy with my bike.\n\nThere was a miniscule upcharge on the saddle and grips, and the break line replacement was $8.\n\nI'm so grateful to have great customer service from a downtown bike shop.
Yay..my first review!\n\nBobby Q will not disappoint you. This place has a spacious parking lot and street parking which makes coming here pretty convenient. The hostess was pleasant and our waiter was very patient with us.\n\nI highly recommend the St Louis style ribs. All the ribs are cooked for 10+ hours so they fall right off the bone and melt in your mouth. If you're looking for something much bigger for 2+ people to share and want to try a variety of items, Whole Hog Heaven is for you! Keep in mind the name, because that's exactly what you're getting. It's a heavenly plate of four types of meat along with three sides. We got mac n cheese (good but not great), shoe string fries (yum!), and roasted corn (ok).  *sigh*..I'm still stuffed thinking about it. \n\nOh, don't forget to mention Yelp and get 10% off!
Another visit: \n\nGreeeeeeat carne asada tacos, torta and that orange cake! Quesadillas, pork and chicken, were a great balance of cheese, meat and sauce.\n\nThat orange cake though?! Like, I am one of those people that would do ...things for good carrot cake, and the basic format of carrot cake done with oranges, cream cheese icing and all, was a wonderful flavor surprise. \n\nGallo Blanco looks like a top contender for Places to Take Visitors. Just a very well rounded place to give visitors a taste of good eats in Phoenix and examples of well done and delish Mexican cuisine.
I tried Leonidas Chocolates for the first time today. They are fabulous. It would take something this good to get me into a mall. I'll go back for this one. I had the profiteroles with vanilla custard and chocolate sauce. The presentation was different than I expected but delicious. They had pre-made the desserts so the puffs marinated in the custard and chocolate. Very delicious. I had the iced tea and my friend had a latte which she declared the best ever. The chocolates themselves are to die for. I have two small negative comments. The tv was on and it was loud to my ears. I could do without it. Had it been music or a video tour of the Leonides company that would have been nice. Second, quality products such as these should be served in a china cup or glass. That was not an option offered. Perhaps in time. I will be back soon!
one of the best tri tips that i have ever purchased. that piece of meat was freaking delicious was totally reasonable! its been so hard to find decent quality meat since i moved here. safeway, fry's, walmart (bwahhaha no way am i buying cuts of meat from there), and other grocers just dont have high quality cuts of meat. you might luck out at an albertsons or if youre feeling froggy you'll head over to AJ's and shell out a pretty penny.\n\nVon Hanson's is my answer to my lack of meat happiness. all the butchers were super friendly and very helpful when it came down to picking out something for dinner that night. all of their product looks delicious and fresh. i cant wait to try the filets or the ribeyes. \n\ni cant believe this place is in walking distance of my house. eff ever going vegetarian. that would just be wrong.
If you love a place so much that you eat it for lunch two days in a row, and upon finishing your second lunch you question whether you should go there for dinner, or just wait for lunch tomorrow, the place deserves five stars.\n\nAs others have mentioned, they are a little pricier than other Thai places around the valley, but the lunch tofu dishes are $7.95 and come with an egg roll and vegan hot & sour soup, and it is well worth it.\n\nI'm one of those fat kids in a skinny-ish body, because I will eat every last bite on the plate in front of me. Generally the portions at Thai places are so huge I feel like a whale after I leave, but Thai Elephant does a good job with their potion sizes (at least for lunch) leaving me satisfied but not feeling glutenous. \n\nI need someone to provide me some damn control, because I have none :-p\n\nQuick, friendly service. Clean, comfy interior. No complaints. \n\nTry the Siamese Basil or Drunken Noodles with Tofu. Both are amazing. Unless you want to crap fire, I suggest getting nothing spicier than medium. Enjoy the visual!!
I worked here for about a year from 2006-2007 but I swear, I'm not biased.\n\nSakana has the freshest fish and I can vouch that the chefs and supervisors take trips to California to pick it up fresh and they also get some of it from BC. The service is always great as well as fast and the restaurant is clean. The staff is always loud and fun and I recommend sitting at the bar and conversing with the sushi chef Masa if you get the chance. He's a complete riot!\n\nAlso, if the 108 degree fahrenheit roll is on special, order it! The flavors and sauce are unbelievable. I used to love it before I went fully vegetarian and still to this day, that is one of the few non-veg things I crave.
I freaking LOVE mojo yogurt. Seriously. I go there with my daughter about once a week. She doesn't even ask for ice cream anymore, she just asks if we can go to Mojo Yogurt, and who am I to deny anyone of love in a cup.\n\nPlus its always surprise to go and find out what flavors they will have each week. I know you can look them up online, but I like to be surprised. I've been extremely partial to the fruity flavors lately, like the passion fruit, the coconut and the apple..omg the apple was SO good!\n\nService is always very friendly and you should DEFINITELY follow them on twitter @mojoyogurt. Trust me you should.\n\nSo yeah, if you haven't tried out Mojo, you really should. Right now. Go.
"""I recently went to Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket to pick up some Japanese food items.  To me, there are great similarities between Lee Lee's and the Ranch 99 chain stores found in California.  The main difference between these two stores is that they are located in different states.  For people living in Phoenix, Lee Lee's provides a variety of quality products that cannot be found anywhere else.  Lee Lee's is clean, well-stocked and organized, and all employees are helpful and attentive.  Perhaps the only negative drawback is that it can get very crowded on the weekends.\n\nWhile folks living on the west coast are spoiled with a great variety of specialty grocery stores and ethnic enclaves offering reminders of \home\"""", people living in Phoenix are resigned to seek out the comforts of their background in whatever way they can.  Lee Lee's Oriental Supermarket conveniently provides products from a variety of countries such as Korea, Japan, Thailand, Holland, Brazil, Africa and Argentina.  Lee Lee's offers a wide variety of selections.  There is even an aisle dedicated to Goya products.  The store is easily accessible, as items are organized by country.  For example, if you are looking for Korean roasted seaweed, you can simply find the Korean aisle and you will most likely find it there.  All items are well-stocked, and maintained carefully.  You won't find dented cans or cluttered shelves, as everything is neatly organized and easily accessible.\n\nWhen I went there I was looking for a particular type of mayonnaise.  The kewpie mayonnaise was there; however, they only had the one-gallon size (they were in fact out of the 17.64 oz. container).  I certainly did not need such a large container of mayonnaise and I spoke with an employee there who ended up spending 15 minutes searching for the right product.  It turns out that Lee Lees did not have this particular item in stock; however, that the employee went to such great lengths to assist me was impressive and considerate of him.  \nPerhaps the only negative drawback of this store is that it tends to get very crowded on the weekends.  Most likely, this phenomenon is due to the fact that there are only two Lee Lee's locations in the Phoenix area and they are strategically located on opposite sides of the valley; families living in the middle must commute from the center of the city to the outside in order to stock up on supplies.  Most likely, these people are not able to make such a great trip after work and must wait until the weekend to go shopping.  It is extremely crowded on the weekends; in fact, navigating a cart around the produce aisle is an exercise in caution.\n\n All in all, I would recommend this grocery store to adventurous cooks who need ingredients that cannot be found in regular grocery stores."""""""
A darn good Pizza!\n\nWe've been here twice so far, through the recommendation of a friend. The location is not the greatest and you would never expect how great the quality of the pizza is. \n\nThe first time I went there, I got two 7 inch pizza's, I'd say this is a personal pan pizza size. I got the Spinach Pie and the Santa Fe Chicken with Original Deep Dish Crust (they have a Thin Crust option as well). The Santa Fe Chicken was good, eventhough the chicken was a little dry. The Spinach Pie was AMAZING!!!! This is what a vegetarian pizza is suppose to taste like...pure awesomeness!\n\nThe second time, I got a 12 inch (enough for 2 people and/or left overs): half Pesto Bianco w/ chicken and half BBQ Chicken with Wheat Deep Dish Crust. The chicken yet again was dry, so I was noticing a team with the chicken. Luckily I don't judge a pizza place by it's chicken, so that bodes wel for Nello's. I can understand how chicken can dry out during the cooking process. As for the pizza itself, the BBQ was decent (it reminded me of a generic CPK BBQ chicken pizza) and the Pesto was pretty good. All in all, it was the wheat crust that sold us this time.\n\nThus far, I would recommend the Spinach Pie with Wheat Deep Dish Crust!
WOWEEEE!! What a dinner experience. EVERYTHING from service, food, and  ambiance was exceptional! I had the sea bass, which they are well known for and I was definitely not disappointed! We also ordered several sides including mushrooms, asparagus, and of course the seafood tower... HOLY OHH EMMM GEEE!!! Amazing!!! If you really want to indulge you must try the famous butter cake...I could feel my butt getting bigger, but it was absolutely worth the 10 miles I had to run after!\n\nDinner is lavish and expect to pay for it....but you wont be disappointed!
"""Ok, so when I'm not eating cheese pizzas I'm eating Thai Food.  Much like pizza, Thai (or almost any Asian cuisine)  is something I could eat almost everyday and being a vegetarian Thai food has a lot of options for me.  Why am I telling you this?  Cause eating a lot of Thai food makes me picky.  \n\nWhenever I try any new Thai place I stick with one of two standards: Pad Thai or Green Curry.  If you are a Thai restaurant and cannot handle either of these dishes, then you should just close down shop now.  As for Thai Rama, they do both very well.  I'll even go as far as to say Thai Rama is my favorite Thai food in the valley.  It's near my home, open late and the staff is really friendly.  \n\nI've eaten here for years and my favorite is the Pad Thai with fried tofu....dare I say the best in the valley??  I prefer my Pad Thai a little on the sweet side, not fishy tasting with some flavor, and most Thai places here have the more \traditional\"""" type.  If you like it spicy, this place can comply so watch out!  Their green veggie curry is flavorful, with a good assortment of veggies.  \n\nMy only complaints would be their hot and sour soup, which is ok but WAY too much ginger flavor...to the point that I couldn't enjoy it.  Also, like so many other Thai places, they tempt you with the mango sticky rice only to never have mango!!!  When they do, its awesome, otherwise settle for the custard sticky rice which is almost as good."""""""
This was such a good experience\nI was up all night with a extremely severe painful tooth ache\nI don't have health insurance so I didn't think I could afford a dentist\nFriends and Family told me to look up a dental school and thats how I found A.T. Still\nI called and they said they accept five Emergency patients a day at 1:pm\nIt was 11am but I didn't care I drove straight there and I was the first patient seen at 1p.m.\nit cost $15 to be seen, $15 for the X-Rays, and turns out my wisdom tooth was infected and had a cavity\n\nso they sent me up to oral surgery, it cost me $85 to get the tooth extracted\ni was nervous and they talked me through it and calmed my fears\nIt didn't hurt at all, I was numbed up and the student did a good job\n\nthey gave me a three prescriptions to take with me and I have to return next week for follow - up\nthe follow up appointment is FREE!\n\ntotally recommend this place to any and everyone!
I know a lot of people have complaints, but I was here for a convention in January and it was a perfect place to stay.  I had a small room with an adorable bathroom, all of which had character.  The bar had great beer, the staff was friendly and my hot water was just fine, unless the room next door flushed.  :)\nIt's an old hotel, with character, so if you want sterility book somewhere else.  I loved it.  It was the only good thing about downtown Phoenix as far as I could tell.
When ever in the city, (live in Chandler) Phoenix City Grille is on the list of places to go. Also a favorite place for after the theatre. Whether a late lunch, or dinner we have never been disappointed here. The atmosphere is warm and inviting,  more towards upscale without being pretenious. The staff always pleasant and knowledgable about the specials / menu. It's also on the list of places to go when out of town vistors are in town. Be sure to say Hello to Sheldon.
"""My fianc\u00e9 and I have searching high and low for a good Mexican place all year (we moved here last August) and I must say we had all but given up finding good Mexican food until we stumbled upon this gem. This place is totally awesome. Celina is so very sweet. It was our first time eating there and she carefully explained their \NO FREEZER\"""" policy coupled with their philosophy of fresh food and ingredients. My fianc\u00e9 is from northern Europe and has never really liked Guacamole so when she offered it to us we turned it down. However, she was so convinced we would love it she gave it to us anyway and my fianc\u00e9 is now a total fan of Guacamole! \n\nThe food is fresh, favorable and made made just for you and the service is impeccable. If you have not been here, I highly suggest you go. I wish I had found it sooner and saved myself the trouble of eating Mexican anywhere else."""""""
Fantastic Italian food.  Simple elegant menu, consisting mostly of pasta, which in this case, is a good thing.  They claim to make the pasta in-house and it shows.  The pastas are delicate and delicious.  All of the sauces have a richness of flavor and complexity that seems to come only from the fine-tuning of several generations of family chefs.  There are many more elegant dishes, but I prefer the lasagna most of all.  It is melty and rich and hearty, all without being too heavy.  A classic soul-food done to perfection.\n     It is moderately expensive, with entrees that run from 16-25 dollars.  In any other city this would seem a little too expensive, but in Scottsdale it's practically a bargain.  The restaurant is very comfortable inside, but it is hidden in a strip mall.  Don't let the location fool you, the food really is fantastic, even if it's neighbors are a dairy queen and a hair salon.
I think everyone is really nice here except Jenny in the cosmetics dept...she is sarcastic and useless. Be sure to complain about her to the cust service dept right away so they will get rid of her. I hate useless biyatches that take up space of a good employee who would love working there. Anyway the rest of the place is cool, no matter who is walking by, they always help you find stuff and the coffee area is so interesting and they are very nice there and I love the bakery and the deli and the whole salad bar...I always get curry chicken or I liked how they had turkey and gravy for a few days before thanksgiving and the cheeses are really nice too. I got a white cheddar with cranberries in it that was good and they only thing is the beer is so weird there, its hard to pick anything out although I would like to try some but they all seem so odd the types, the names...its just a way out selection I dont get.
The only drag about LGO is the crush of people and the lack of parking. Otherwise, there's little not to like about this place.\n\nBeyond the entire LGO experience, the Pizzeria's pies are astounding. They may not be Bianco level, but the sourdough crust is enough to set them apart and wait is rarely more than 10 minutes, even with pickup. We particularly love the roasted corn and goat cheese pizza (add Italian sausage for richer flavor). The burgers are amazing, too. Some of the best in the city.\n\nOh, and the white sangria. Get that. Beer-wise, the selection is limited.\n\nService is typically excellent, though sometimes there's a wait for a table. I recommend getting there sooner rather than later so you can find a seat and the buzz from the sangria can last the rest of the evening.
This is, as far as I'm aware, THE casual Italian place in Chandler. There's been more than one occasion where myself and a group of friends can't decide what to eat, and have gone here by default. We all get calzones (which are a bit greasy, my only complaint), which are always huge and hot. There are plenty of choice for the stuffing, so everyone gets something they like. They've just expanded to add a new dining area, which was good since before we'd occasionally have to wait (gasp!) for a few minutes to seated. So no, don't go here if you want fine wine and fancy Italian dining. But do go here otherwise.
If I'm craving Middle Eastern, this is where I go.  Like so many others have noted, moving to PHX made me realize how good I had it in Michigan with an abundance of solid choices for Middle Eastern food.\n\nThe hummus rocks, as does the falafel sandwich, as do those little cheese pies!  It is all pretty reasonably priced, also.\n\nOther randomness:  They randomly take to-go orders when the manager isn't upset that someone did a no show on a previous to-go order.  They had a laminated menu for awhile, but other than that, there is just the giant sign to try and order from.  \n\nLove.  Go.
If you're Fresh2Def you need to stop by the only hip sneaker store in the Valley (that's right i said sneakers, this place doesn't roll with shoes). Highpoint which is owned by Adrian Wilson (safety for the Arizona Cardinals) is the only place in the VALLEY you can get new Air Force 1's ,Creative resolutions, custom Adidas, and of course your ICE Cream's/   Not only does it have the illiest sneakers in the area but they do rock some Billionaires Boys Club clothing which is not available anywhere.  A little expensive but if you want to be Flashy & Fly no other place to start then Highpoint.
I lost 60 lbs. this year and decided that my reward was to go to Brazil. You'd think as a waxing noobie I'd have chosen something more tame, like legs or eyebrows, but no. Nine months of being a low-fat raw vegan had made me strangely fearless. \n\nMy aesthetician, Rachael, was the best. She made me feel very comfortable, telling me all about the procedure and answered my every question. I can't say it was completely painless, but she said that successive treatments get a lot easier. Since there were no bite marks on the ceiling, I had to believe this was true.\n\nIf there was anything to improve, I'd say throw some pictures up on the walls or cover the fluorescent lights with those pretty cloud covers. We need something to look at during this special time of hair yanking. Otherwise, great service, great price. See you again!
I never thought I would review an Ulta. I mean they're all pretty similar from location-to-location. However, this location deserves a review. I had used my 20% off of everything coupon awhile back and stocked up on my foundation. I got home and realized that the foundation I had picked up was not the one that I had wanted. Which is fine, I can return the foundation, but I would have to return it for a DIFFERENT kind and they probably wouldn't honor my 20% off still. \n\nSo, I returned to the store and the make-up artist told me that my foundation had been discontinued and that's why I had picked up the wrong one. The make-up artist was extremely helpful and found me a foundation that would be similar to the one that had been discontinued and color matched my skin tone prefectly. So, I proceeded to the check out to exchange my foundation. Without even asking, the cashier gave me the 20% off of the NEW foundation!
One of the best restaurants I've had the luxury of dining at in decades. I couldn't in good consciousness deny my worst enemy the opportunity to eat at such a wondrous venue.  The short ribs were melt-in-your-mouth finger-licking fantastic.  The signature cocktails are so fanciful they almost command you to lift your pinky as you daintifully sip your way into alcoholic bliss. \nThe oversized/giant lamps at every turn make you feel as if you are walking in a land of giants or that you have found yourself in a 'Honey I Shrunk the Kids' situation.  \nThe cherry on top would have to be the free chocolate chip cookies upon your departure. They soothe the restless 'fat kid' inside of us all and make the terrible act of leaving Cheslea's Kitchen a bit more bearable
HOLY SMEEKS!\n\nSmeeks is the greatest news for Phoenix; especially with businesses closing right and left.  I'm so happy to see another great addition to my favorite complex.  Stinkweeds, RHR, Frances, Halo, AND NOW SMEEKS. Too much greatness for my little heart.\n\nLet's be real, where else in Phoenix can you find a 5 cent treat? Also an awesome photobooth, plus I love that I got to add my photo to the wall.  If you're disapointed by Smeeks then you must also be disappointed by Christmas morning, all birthdays, and dolphins kissing. \n\nLet me recommend the fat pig chocolate. SO GOOD. LIKE BEST CHOCOLATE I HAVE EVER TASTED GOOD. (are these capitals getting through to you?)\n\nIf you're going by call me, I'll meet you there.  if you're looking for m&m's head over to circle k...and enjoy your beef jerky.
I cannot say enough about how much this gym and Craig have changed my life. I starting working out at this gym with Craig and his trainers about 8 months ago. In those 8 months, I have been pushed harder and further than I thought was possible. The results in the end? I have dropped more than 25 pounds and I'm down to about 17% body fat. I have still have work do to but these are results I never thought I could achieve!\n\nDon't be intimidated by the 'body builders', this gym is for anyone who is committed to good health and exercise. You are not just a number here, the training and nutritional plans are created to your needs and your body. \n\nThis is not the gym you join just for the hell of it. This is the gym you join when you are ready to change your physical self and build your body to be the image of yourself you have always dreamed of being.
I think it's pretty evident from all the rave reviews that this place is really good so I'll keep it brief.  I'd heard about this place forever and the bottle of win and bruschetta deal but I hadn't actually been until Monday night with a friend from work.  I was really excited once I saw all the differenct varieties of bruschetta we could choose from.  We ended up getting the Apple/Brie, Burratta/Bacon/Arugula, Salmon/Pesto and the Peppers/Goat Cheese.  All of them were delicious and I can't wait to go back again and try the rest!
"""I've been to the renowned \Memphis in May BBQ Festival,\"""" but Honey Bear's pulled pork and BBQ sauce is as good as any I've ever tasted. \n\nSince the owners of this place come from TN, I guess that shouldn't come as a surprise. The pulled pork sandwich is out of this world. Honey Bear's motto is, \""""you don't need no teeth to eat our meat.\"""" And that's really true. It's slow-cooked, moist, and packed with flavor. The BBQ sauce is amazing. It's tangy and spicy, I'm thinking it might have a tomato and vinegar base, but I don't really know. My husband loves their hot links and spicy sausage. He's a rib guy too and says they're great. \n\nHoney Bear's on Van Buren is a bit of a dive and it's located in a slightly dicey, but safe, location. I think the dumpy atmosphere adds to the down home feel of the place."""""""
"""I recently began reading about the benefits of raw milk, and I decided to give it a try for the first time. Some may say I took a risk, but I read about it first, and it's not like there aren't other potentially unsafe things I do, like driving to go get some milk. Anyway, I went around and finally found that Co-Op Market on 4th Avenue in Tucson sells raw milk, from Save your Dairy, for about $12. A little pricey, but long story short, it's definitely worth at least trying. As for me, I'll continue to buy it no matter what the price, and this coming from someone who (previously!) never considered herself as someone who likes milk.\n\nThe first thing I noticed is it's really white and it has absolutely no milky smell or taste compared to the ultra-pasteurized skim milk I had been drinking before. I researched further and I found that pasteurization actually makes the milk taste different, so my experience was indicative of how noticeable of a difference it makes. The next thing I noticed is that the mild symptoms of lactose intolerance I experience after drinking \regular\"""" (pasteurized, homogenized) milk didn't occur. And the third thing I noticed is that I wanted more! If I wasn't a poor college student, I'd look into donating to help the farm or something. Hopefully they didn't name it \""""Save Your Dairy\"""" because it's going out of business or something.\n\nVerdict: Go try it!"""""""
I loved this place and was glad it was my first yoga experience. I went to the 7am fundamentals class that was instructed by Todd.. I got there early and the place was empty, filled out my forms praying that another person would show up for class no one did.. so I got a private class with Todd which is amazing since private sessions are always so expensive but scary as hell feeling completely out of shape and being the only one there.. However, Todd made the class very relaxing and I felt perfectly comfortable even with my legs shaking and feet slipping all over the place.. \n\nBy the end of the session end with him having me test some harder poses and a nice breathing/meditation at the end.. He gave me a hug when I said I found the studio at Yelp :) I am going to be sore, can already feel it but can't wait to go back for another class.. I would highly recommend this studio its beautiful and the people are very caring about their students..
Super good and authentic! The food and atmosphere is awesome. Not a great first date place if you're trying to impress her with your pretentious style, but a great 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 5th date place. The owner is right there every night, and his sons are the servers. I recommend the specials, they are unique in taste and named after Giuseppe's sons and chef. Very cool place. Bring your own bottle of wine, and get there early if you don't want to wait long!
I can't believe I have never reviewed this restaurant.  If you like middle eastern food then you are missing out if you have never eaten here, seriously.\n\nWe have been coming regularly for over 12 years.  One of our all time favorite restaurants.  We almost always bring company in town here.  The food is amazing.  The cost is so cheap!!\n\nAlways order the same thing... Vegetarian combonation plate.  Comes with 2 stuffed grape leaves, 2 falafil balls, babjanoush, tabouli and yogurt salad.\n\nFor the appetizer we always get Lebni and the plate is literaly licked clean.\n\nI can't encourage you enough to order hand made pita bread with all of your items.\n\nMy husband and kids also love the chicken and beef schwarma as well as the chicken kabobs.  They always order the carbonated yogurt soda- yuck!!
"""Albeit a bit pricy, the artisan pizzas are the best I've found in Phoenix, which means I'm adding it to the best of Tempe list.  The restaurant has a trendy feel inside and some outdoor seating on a nice patio that faces the parking lot outside.  The only problem is that Picazzo's dropped my favorite pizza.  They went on an organic only binge and a hunt for locally produced ingredients and bye bye to the chipotle barbacoa.  Can I get a moment of silence for the chipotle barbacoa, a spicy pizza with hunks of seasoned beef?  And favorite number two has entered the witness protection program as the menu lists it under a different alias every time I visit.  It was originally called \That's Italian,\"""" but now I just order the one with peperoni and salami.  Picazzo's is always running a lot of specials and has a happy hour.  Every week there is special, and they liked to do themes.  During tax season there was some kind of deal where large pizzas cost $10.40.  Oh, the irony.  So get on the mailing list if you like deals.\n\nThe bathroom is nice, clean, and worth mentioning in a review.\n\nUnless you have actually tried Picazzo's, I don't even want to hear about how your favorite pizza place it better.  Because it isn't."""""""
I have had the oppertunity to work with these jewlers a couple of times, whether picking out my wedding ring or returning a pearl necklace that my parents bought me they are always five star!  The service is excellent.  I never feel pressured when trying on the same ring for the third year in a row...(still waiting on my hubby to come around on that one!) or guilty for returning something I got as a gift and just didn't like.  They returned it, no questions asked and gave me store credit on the balance.\nI love going to their x-mas parties which always have great food and a fun enviroment, plus you can win free stuff!
"""We stayed for an anniversary weekend and were very impressed. We usually go to a resort in Vegas and this was on par to superior. Service was a highlight with absolutely no missteps. Very high beginning to end. \n\nWe recommend one og the original bungalows called \traditional adobes\"""" here for a Ricky and Lucy vibe, you can easily imagine the atmosphere in the heyday 1950s. \n\nThe lodge pool was immaculate and poolside service was fantastic. Prices were reasonable for a resort, much less than you'd spend in Vegas. If you want a pleasant weekend in a well kept resort, look no further. Highly recommended"""""""
Why 5 stars? Well 3 stars just for being open on a Sunday night without a downtown event going on! We walked all over the stadium and arena looking for any signs of life. (I forgot how pathetic downtown is after 5pm). I remembered Seamus and hoped that it would still be open at this late hour of 8:30 in the evening. Sure enough, it was still serving beer. Yippie! And on top of that, the kitchen was still open. I ordered the Sheppard's Pie and it did not disappoint! In fact it was awesome! \n\nThere were still a few patrons in there, a good mix of people, young and old. I think some old ladies complained when I put in some Dropkick Murphys on the juke box. Screw em! The song seemed appropriate. \n\nThe staff was uber cool, too! Our bartender, slash owner, was really cool and talkative. The waitress that would come by to place orders would stop and chat, too. Very friendly staff.\n\nThere's no doubt that this will be my new downtown spot.
"""Whatever it takes, if you are w/in a 10 hour drive, EAT HERE! Seriously. \n\nAs a New Yorker who loves her thin crust pizza, I was elated; the crust was paper thin and crispy, the combinations we had made our mouths very happy - Margarita and the one with onions and fennel sausage. \n\nThe kind of meal that makes you smile for the rest of the day and turn and say \mm, that was really good pizza.\""""\n\nWe went at 2pm on a weekday and got seated right away - score :) \nFriendly staff and I also like the oil paintings."""""""
A place with tons of character amidst the jungle of strip malls.\n\nIf you have not ventured to the Rokerij, it is time to do so quickly. I highly recommend going there for happy hour in the wine cellar like bar. Caution: be careful when you are trotting down the stairs, they are steep. Totally worth the risk though.\n\nOnce downstairs you are immediately greeted by the lovely fireplace as well as the lovely music and delightful smell that fills the air. During happy hour, all small plates are $5, which gives you the perfect opportunity to eat your way through various dishes.\n\nThe drinks are also lovely, and the wine list is superb. I highly recommend the brie toasts and  chile relleno. All dishes are full of flavor with a nice little kick to awaken the senses. Aside from happy hour, the brunch menu coupled with mimosas or bloody marys is the perfect hangover cure.\n\nAmbiance: A\nService: A\nPrice: B+\nFood: A+
We just bought a house and needed to have an electrician come check a problem we were having with the lights in 2 rooms and a ceiling fan. \n\nI chose to call Good Guys because they obviously have impressed others with their service, and have a great reputation on Yelp. I spoke with Mike and explained the issue to him. He was able to squeeze a visit to my place in, on short notice. The day he came, he called and asked me a few basic questions on his way. Once he arrived, it took him no time at all to replace a faulty breaker and correct the problem. He showed and explained to me what he had done. He was friendly, reasonably priced, and only there for a short time. I highly recommend Mike, and will use him again next time we have an electrical problem (hope we don't though!).
"""Had breakfast @ Gallo Blanco for the first time today.  A friend and I, in our usual sweet/savory breakfast quandry, opted to split the chillequilles (sp?) and the flapjacks.  I love that they call them \flapjacks.\""""  The chillequilles did not disappoint.  They were 2 sunny-side-up eggs atop a bed of green chile with chicken and tortillas.  The sauce was to die for.  The flapjacks rivaled those at Matt's Big Breakfast.  They are made with sour cream, and are mighty tasty.  We had to ask for extra syrup, though.  Gallo Blanco has fresh-squeezed OJ, which is pretty much requisite for a 5-star rating from me.  As usual, the people-watching at Gallo Blanco can't be beat.  Our server was a little slow with the beverage refills this morning, but not enough to lose a star.  I want to eat everything on the menu, and I think I will make that my personal goal this year!"""""""
This was my 1st time here for Sunday brunch with 4 gf's and as you know when girls get together for brunch there are 2 staples talking and pagne. Both were flowing for 2 hours and never once did we feel rushed.   Our drinks were never empty, we got 2nds of the delectable mini croissants and I didn't want to leave.   I ordered the egg in a whole while my friend next to be had the panini.  Both tasted light, fresh and not too large on the portion size.\n\nI will be coming back!!!
Fuego Bistro is one of my new favorites! A couple people have recommended it to me, so my boyfriend and I decided to try it for restaurant week. \n\nWe arrived about 15 minutes before our reservation to have a drink on the patio. The staff was super welcoming and friendly. Matt enjoyed a mai tai and I had a red sangria - both very refreshing. Our table was ready right on time and we had an awesome waitress who gave great suggestions on ordering... there were so many good looking options on their restaurant week menu. We're sharers, so we ordered with that in mind. \n\nDrinks: \nWe got the pomegranate mojito (very refreshing) and a peach-blood orange mojito (sweet, but very good)\n\nStarters: \nSignature empanadas: Tasty. The focus was the meat, I would have preferred more vegetables inside.\nSauteed prawns: The star here were the sauces - delicious!\n\nEntrees: \nCola Braised Short Ribs: AMAZING! Some of the best we've ever had. The short ribs were very tender and not fatty at all. The flavor was so good!\nPernil Asado (shredded pork): So delicious!! I made little tacos with their fresh corn tortillas. \n\nSides: \nGreen chili cornbread casserole: A little drier than I had imagined, but great flavor. \nMaple chiliglazed carrots: The glaze didn't really stand out to me, but good as far as baby carrots go.\nJalapeno creamed corn: I was pleasantly surprised - really enjoyed this one! \nChipotle cheddar mashed potatoes: A great side with the short rib. \n\nDessert: (By this point, we knew we'd need to be rolled out of the restaurant, but we HAD to have dessert since it was part of restaurant week). \nChocolate chip bread pudding: Really good chocolate chip bread with scoops of malted chocolate crisp ice cream. This was a lot of food after that meal, but I savored the bites I had. The ice cream was excellent!\nBanana burrito: exactly what you'd picture with scoops of the same icecream - delicious! \n\nI can't wait to go back to Fuego and tell my friends about it. Great service, charming atmosphere, and excellent dishes.... Fuego is a winner!
Okay... Panchero's Mexican Grill is my new obsession. Truth be told, I avoided it for the longest time because I didn't think any burrito place could compete with Chipotle. Boy was I wrong!\n\nPanchero's wins hands down in the showdown with Chipotle mostly because of their freshly pressed tortillas. They are so scrumptious that my mouth starts to water as soon as they pull the dough ball off of the tray. The tortillas is complemented by always fresh ingredients and completed with a swirl with the bob tool. Love the bob tool! Chipotle burritos always have layers but a Panchero's burrito insides are mixed so every bite has all the flavors. \n\nI will admit to going to Chipotle once after discovering Panchero's but I only went after much kicking and screaming. If only the had an iPhone app similar to Chipotle's. They have an app now but it only allows you to play a burrito making game rather than place an order.
The firs time i and my hubby dinner yesterday night at Hongkong Gourmet,\nanything food delicious .  after we paid, waitress give discount $ 5 for the next we coming., maybe because our the first time coming.and they bring us for  2 stamp,if after 10 stamp for the 11 th stamp free. awesome.\n the waitress and any worker so nice.they can speak english and helpfull.\nwe met some people same our country,unbelieveble.\n if you like sea food or american food , or chinnese food, japanese food,go there.\nsea food not fishy. and they have sushi bar too, they have brown rice and white rice.\nprice cheaper $ 2 than pacific  seafood buffet.\n maybe next week we go there again, so far with our house (40 - 50 minute),\nbut if any food delicious, we can go.\nthey have mongolian stir fry too. \nthey have room for party.\ni think this place bigger than any buffet at arizona.\nif you vegetarian or vegan , you can eat this place ,they  helpfull what you want.\nif you have family go there every  Tuesday,because family night \none child  free per paying adult age 2- 10 every Tuesday.\ni recommend  this gourmet buffet .
"""\A taste of pure enchantment\"""" - this is the tagline for Fairytale Brownies, and I totally agree with it!\n\nI'd seen Fairytale Brownies at events before but I don't think I ever sampled them... until recently that is, when a beautiful package was delivered to my home as a gift.  I figured it was as good a time as any to forget about my diet and give in and sample these things that fairytales are made of!\n\nLuckily, it was the Fairtytale Sprites (smaller size brownies) so I didn't feel so guilty afterward.  It was totally worth it!  I have to admit, I actually sampled more than just one... my favorite flavors were the toffee crunch  and caramel flavors.  I have yet to try peanut butter, rasberry swirl, and white chocolate which all sound great too.  Fairytale Wishes (all-natural gourmet soft caramels) were also included in the package, and they were like magic in my mouth - yum!\n\nI totally recommend sending Fairytale Brownies if you're ever in need of a gift - they really are 'a taste of pure enchantment.'  In addition, the recipient can put them in the refrigerator or freezer to keep these goodies fresh - when ready to eat, just remove wrapper and pop in the microwave... as a matter of fact, I think we still may have some in our freezer - snack time!"""""""
Everybody knows about Giligin's in Old Town Scottsdale as a bar destination, but I've been there to eat dinner at a couple happy hours now, and the laid-back, fun-loving spot has great deals on greasy food and bountiful drinks.\n\nThe last time I was there, I ordered a side salad and jalapeno poppers, both for $3 each from 4-7 p.m. every day. Trust me, don't get a salad here. Why anyone would order something healthy in a bar decorated with license plates, crude signs and a beer pong table is silly, anyway, but I learned the hard way you should stick to the fattening stuff. The house salad with ranch had huge leaves of romaine lettuce, which had to be cut in half in order to eat. It also only came with cheese and croutons, so it was a pretty boring offering and not even worth the $3 price.\n\nThe jalapeno poppers, filled with a cream cheese filling, on the other hand, were pretty tasty. I know they're just fried and served, but they were decent, especially if you've had a few beers.\n\nSpeaking of which, the drink specials during happy hour rock. For only $2, you can get pints of beer, glasses of wine and well cocktails. The pitchers were massive and only $5 a piece, yielding at least three pints of beer.\n\nAnd if you like wings, they're only 25 cents each and can be covered in any kind of sauce you want, from barbecue to teriyaki to sweet Thai.\n\nThe crowd during happy hour is more buttoned-down than you might see later at night. It's also smaller, and there are servers walking around to tables like a regular restaurant. There's still lots of fun happening, though, with loud music, sports on all the televisions and an eclectic wait staff.\n\nGiligin's is no-fuss and focused on being silly and having a great time, and if you really want to unwind after work, it's a great option. And if you'd like to challenge me to a one of their vegetarian food challenges, let me know, because I'm dying to try one-and you get a $50 bar tab for your table if you succeed!
I can't believe I haven't reviewed the BEST coffee shop in the East Valley or perhaps even in the entire Phoenix area.  When I had no life (opressed by school, thesis and MCAT) I would spend most of my waking hours at Gold Bar.  I should have been paying them rent.\n\n Its more than just a coffee shop... it just has this irreplicable ATMOSPHERE and the friendliest employees I've ever encountered.  Its family owned and everyone that works there is somehow related to one another... creates this really personal vibe and you know they take great pride in their product.  \n\nAllan Bros. coffee is the best.  I have even had a friend in Oregon bring some down here for me.  I refuse to drink Starbucks garbage after my palatte has become accustomed to Allan Bros. Its almost annoying because now I frankly dislike any other coffee besides Allan Bros.  Delectable. \n\nIf you are too fancy for plain coffee or want to color outside the lines...try the Granida... so YUMMY! Its frap'esque' but infinitely better.  Also their iced Toddy is great if you want a jolt of caffiene without the bitterness of regular iced coffee.  \n\nEvery Sunday morning there is LIVE MUSIC (guitar) at Gold Bar... so lovely and worth checking out.  \n\n***remember your punch card... after 10 punches you get a $1.00 drink! :)
Great location if staying near the convention center or in downtown Phoenix. This is by far one of the best sports bars I have ever been to. I had a perfect view of ESPN 2 and the place had plenty of sporting events on other teles..but not too many. \n\nThe atmosphere is fantastic and perfect for lunch. Food is great and they had vegetarian options, a major plus for a sports bar. What is better than veggie options? They made exceptions for me, my whole meal sans dairy with no complaints, evil eyes, etc. This is greatly appreciated. \n\nThe evening scene is great also. \n\nAn overall 5.5 stars. hellz yeah.
This was a great experience! I highly recommend having your server explain how they designed the menu to order. Our server Brandon was very helpful! he knew his menu, and was super prompt! He received a 25% tip due to his service!\n\nThe food is yummy! I had their Kobe burger, Po'boi, and beef burger all 3oz sliders. I also had the sweet potato fries which were very tasty! My wife ordered the Kobe, lamb, and grilled cheese, all 3oz. She loved it! We both brought home one full 3oz burger each and half the order of fries and tots, they do not skimp on portions!\n\nThe restaurant was very clean and inviting! Parking can be an issue as its in the heart of old town, however that's any where now and days!\n\nWe also shared a pizzookie. This was small and about 3oz or so, however after the mean we had it was perfect! This is going to be a frequent for us moving forward, as their selection of Stax are pretty enticing!\n\n*Side Note* If you love exotic meats, Stax offers a selection of exotic burgers. Today was Pheasent!
"""Being from just a little north of Philly, cheese steaks were a child hood staple.  I haven't any place any better than Forefathers for a good cheese steak (although I would be willing to try)\n\nIt's a quaint little place that doesn't go all out in decor, which is fine considering I'm used to some of the best cheesesteaks coming out of a cart.  They don't go all out in trying to impress you with the ambiance because they dump everything into what is most important, the food.\n\nThe sandwiches are incredible, and they offer a range of options and they are flat priced, $6.95 for a regular and $9.50 for a large.  The regular, with a side is a match for just about anyone.... want left overs or skipped a few days of eating then go for the large.  They offer salads and some other things, but I'm a meat and potato guy so I've never ventured passed the steaks and cheese fries.  \n\nAll the subs are flavorly dressed just by themselves, but there are options for adding more, extra cheese, mushrooms, etc. (the add-on prices are very fair)\n\nThey brag that they aren't cheap on the meat and in their case, it is very true.  Plus the sandwiches are put together with perfect ratios so no one flavor is overwhelming another.\n\nI also like that you can get sweet peppers, banana peppers, and other things like their \fry sauce\"""" from a small fridge in the lobby... yeah, its open house, so no one looking down at you condescendingly when you grab a handful of pepper containers.\n\nIn the few times I've gone, I've learned my lesson, if you want to grab lunch during the work week, you've got to make it in by 1120am.... wait any longer and it gets packed quick."""""""
I was running errands, did a quick search from my phone of a sandwich place nearby and I am so thankful The Sub Shop came up in the results.\n\nIt is a basic sandwich joint, nothing fancy. It is super clean, and they had one TV on CNN and the other on a baseball game. There were a few folks sitting at tables, but there wasn't a crazy line, even at 12:30pm.\n\nI ordered my usual, veggie sub. The girl working behind the counter was super nice. My sandwich came out about 3 minutes later, and it was DELISH. The bread was fresh, the veggies were crisp, I was a fan. A few minutes later a man, who I presume to the owner, stopped by to ask how my lunch was, my thoughts on the menu, and asked if I had picked up a loyalty card. He was very geniune, and nice, which made me wish I ventured this far south from my office more often for a bite. Good Food, Good Prices... definitely recommend.
"""Probably one of my favorite restaurants and bars in Scottsdale/Phoenix. Don't be alarmed by the fact that its in Scottsdale or the swanky appearance of the place... the prices do not reflect that at all! In fact, its almost \cheap\"""" for the consistently good food you get, the cocktails - you MUST get the Summer Solstice martini - and the overall vibe. This is one of the places you'll go for dinner, but would be more than happy just staying at the entire night. The space is really modern with various art rotating and there's a DJ who spins up top in the loft. \n\nIf you're looking to experience Scottsdale in a classy, don't-break-the-bank way (and actually want to eat a full dinner, not mini \""""fancy\"""" portions) AZ 88 is a must."""""""
"""I have been going to this place for years. They used to set up a grill outside on Friday and Saturday nights and sell tacos. There would be a huge line and I would go every week but they said the city made them stop doing it. \nStill one of the best places in Phoenix for authentic Mexican tacos. I love the tacos, try them all! Shrimp burritos are good also and try the ceviche tostadas. \n\nThey have Salcitas all over the valley but for some reason I would drive a bit further to go to this one as they were better. I think it was one of the first ones they built.\n\nThis place is \in da hood\"""" and most people you will see here speak better spanish than english but if you love authentic Mexican tacos like I do this is a great place to go!"""""""
We were spending Memorial Day checking out thrift shops when we got hungry, and decided to stop by  for some food and a beer (or two).\n\nWe hit right at the lunch rush, but were quickly seated.  I had the Czech Style Pilsner, and my date tried the Hefewizen.  Both beers were excellent, full bodied and fresh.\n\nThe menu had so many choices, but we finally decided.  I had the loaded baked potato and salad, which was great choice.  The salad had candied nuts and lots of fresh veggies, and I even got the blue cheese dressing, which was creamy and fresh.\n\nThe Kobe Beef Burger was also tasty, only downside is they say they won't serve it less than medium. Guess they heard us, because it was still pretty pink when it came out.  The garlic fries were also tasty.\n\nThe staff was prompt and friendly, and the manager made the rounds to make sure everyone was enjoying their meals.\n\nIt was a perfect lunch for the last day of a long weekend.
The baguettes are incroyable, incredible, fantastic, amazing.  They have a hint of sweetness, are not rock hard, and I couldn't stop eating them.\n\nI saw literally every single person in the place drinking an iced coffee.  I absolutely had to order one if everyone else was.  I was not disappointed.  In fact, I had the best iced coffee of my life.  There was something about it.  It was strong but not black, dirty, bitter, weak, or sour.  Mixed with a hint of condensed milk and poured over an entire cup of crushed ice, this iced coffee was amazing.
Thanks to all the positive reviews on Yelp, my girl Danielle & I tried this place out last night.\n\nFor a Wednesday night this place was packed! There were 2 parties ahead of us waiting for a table so we opted to sit at the bar.\n\nWe started off with sake bombers. Only $5 each! I think we got a good 4-5 shots from it, so good!! I don't have too much experience with sushi so I let D order everything. From the happy hour menu she ordered the crazy boy roll & the philly roll, both only $5 each. From the regular menu she ordered the dragon roll & the yellowtail. These were all a 1st for me. The crazy boy was so yummy, I like it better than crunchy rolls which I used to always get. The philly roll was delicious, all the flavors went together perfectly! I didn't really care for the dragon roll, the eel on top was not appealing to me at all & I spilled some sake on it lol. The yellowtail was by far my favorite, even though it looked really scary when they 1st brought it out! I can't believe how good it was, so simple yet so amazing! I am definitely getting more than 1 order of it next visit. \n\nOur total came out to $42 & some change, what a deal! We will definitely be back, during happy hour of course!!
I was reading the Talk thread on book clubs and I recalled this place.\nIt is a diamond in the rough and I shall go there this week to pick the cumulative brain of their staff:)\n\nBook Gallery is a place to lose time in the lovely smell of old books.  Remember when libraries had copies of books with cut pages for regular circulation?  When cellophane was a method of book covering? This is that kind of place.  Complete collections of out of print serials, favorites from your parents' and grandparents' childhoods. \n\n In here I have found books printed in foreign languages other than Spanish, British food lore of the 50's and 60's and bookshelves gorgeous enough to lust after in their own right. War historians will find the most dedicated shelf space but there is something for nearly everyone to be had.\n\nI had a lovely game of when-was-it-printed judging only by a given tome's binding one Saturday afternoon at this location.  The constant discoveries of interest kept the game going for at least two hours!
Costco Travel - My husband and I recently returned from a trip to the Big Island, HI that we arranged throught Costco Travel. After shopping around I found that their prices were the best and after one phone call I was able to make all arrangements for airfair, condo and car. They didn't have arrangements with any B&Bs on Hilo but were able to adjust our travel dates. Everything went according to plan with all arrangements being accurate. Condo was outstanding and a great value. We got gas and did some souvenier shopping at the Costco in Kona and again saved $$.   I've shopped at Costco for years - now becoming a groupie!
"""We were hoping to try out Z's deli, in the same plaza - but arrived late and they were closed. This place was open, so we walked in. It was about 20 minutes before closing, and I'm pretty sure the family (seems like a \family run joint\"""") was just about to break down the kitchen and pack it in. \n\nI ordered the gyros plate, Athena went with the kebabs. Beef, to be exact. Our dinners both came with soup or salad. If I recall, there were 3, maybe 4, types of salad and one soup to choose from. We both opted for Greek salads. The owner (I assume he was the owner) took our order and called it out to the cook. Athena conversed with him a bit, putting in an order for some baklava to go, when we left, while I strolled the cheese section of the market. \n\nThe owner asked if we would like our salads first, and we said yes. I sat down at one of the nine tables, while Athena perused an aisle or two. In addition to delivering our salads to the table, the owner retrieved silverware and napkins for us from the trays located by the drink machine that I was filling drinks at. The brewed ice tea container had already been drained, or was at least empty, and the owner offered to brew fresh for us! We politely declined the offer and opted for soft drinks. No reason to brew fresh for two people when you are trying to close, but so nice to offer!\n\nThe salads were ultra tasty, with a sprinkling of sheep's milk feta atop a crisp green salad with kalamatas, romas, cukes and plenty of sliced pepperoncini (I'm going to say they were Italian, not Greek ). The salads were perfectly dressed and ultra tasty. \n\nOur plates arrived, mine with thick fries cooked in peanut oil, hers with perfectly cooked Basmati rice and a nice yellow color to it. Her kebabs were already removed from the sticks, and all the veggies and steak were charred very nicely. The Tahini sauce was pretty decent.  My Gyros (traditional lamb/beef combo) were cooked very well, with ultra thin slices off the spit. Tzatziki sauce was nice and tangy, I'd guess made with Greek yogurt as opposed to regular yogurt or the sour cream others try to pass off! The fries were a bit on the soft side, but nicely cut and flavorful.\n\nAs we ate, the cashier closed down the market station and tidied up. The owner continued to stop by and make sure everything was good. It was! He was very friendly, and seemed genuinely concerned with our satisfaction. \n\nWe assured him we would be back to eat, and to do some shopping, as we had discussed the many types of oils available (you gotta try the avocado oil with lime - along with plenty of other oils available by the silverware). Since they were ready to close, we didn't think now would be the time to peruse the many varieties of dry/canned goods available, or the fresh cheeses. There was an aisle I didn't even go down, so that will be a surprise when we return, which we will.\n\nI give this place kudos, and I think it will fill a niche market for groceries to be sure. It should do well - even with 2 other delis in the plaza. Each seems to cater to a slightly different deli crowd.  Definitely check it out. \n\nSolid 4 stars on food freshness, and quality. Another star for great service and a nice, clean European grocery."""""""
This is some good cajun!  First visit here.  I'd heard a lot about this place, but living in Gilbert it's not easy to get here.  Today we were within about 4 miles, so we went for it!\n\nWent with the family.  Between us we ordered the Cajun Combo (which was a blackened catfish and shrimp creole with dirty rice), Pasta Mardis Gras (which has andouille, crawfish, and grilled shrimp in a marinara over pasta), and a po boy and gumbo.  The po boy was good, the gumbo was very good.  And they were the least of the three orders!  The pasta and the combo were both outstanding!  Really flavorful and good!  \n\nPortion sizes were respectable.  We had to pack some of the food home.\n\nService was a little weak.  A bit slow and inattentive.  Not really 'bad', but could have been better.  I'd take away maybe 1/2 star for it, at most.  But I can't bring myself to downgrade a whole star, so 5 it is.\n\nWe'll definitely be coming back here when we can.  Best cajun/creole food we've found in the Valley so far.
Downtown Chandler has one breakfast spot that surpasses all of its competition: BRUNCHIES! The omelets are huge, the potatos are crisp and delicious, and the biscuits and gravy are, truly, legendary and must be seen to be believed (really, you'll go wide-eyed when you see their biscuits).\n\nI was not surprised to learn that Brunchies was owned by the Serrano family, which operates another favorite of mine, SERRANO'S, an amazing Mexican restaurant just down the street. I think I read somewhere that the Serrano family business is one of the oldest continually-operating small businesses in Chandler, dating back to around 1919 or so. I will attribute their longevity and success to the quality of the food in their restaurants, and the dining experience they give their customers.\n\nHINT: especially on weekends, the wait at Brunchies can be pretty long, but you can call-in and get your name added to the list before you arrive -- and thereby cut down on your wait-time once you get to the restaurant... but a big caveat there, don't call so early that you miss when you're name is called!
Nothing can replace the original Postino's, but this Central Ave. location comes pretty close. Perfect little lunch spot featuring your favorites (i.e. bruschetta planks in all the varieties, yummy paninis and plenty of wine) AND my personal favorite part, the smokin' $5 deal.\nJust five bucks for a mini pitcher of a draft beer - that's a little over 2 pints' worth of Kiltlifter, Hoegaarden, etc. - or glass of wine = sa-weet. That special runs 7 days a week from 11a-5p. The lunch food items are well priced for what you get, too, with generous portions. Delicious and fresh, for less than $10. \nSame great design and atmosphere and killer sliding-door bathroom with a sink big enough to wash your hair in (I'm always a sucker for a cool bathroom!).
You know this is a great place when everybody that has reviewed the joint look familiar.  \n\nI consider this place my second home.  I know everyone who works there on a personal level.  It's the same people for many many years.  What other place do you know that would close down, reopen years later and have the same staff working?\n\nIt doesn't matter what night you go, you are going to get ALOT of good music.  LOTS.  Since they've re-open, the sound system is stellar.  Sound man Ken (who in my opinion is one of the main reasons to go) Ken really puts his heart and soul into sound.  He get's it perfect.  \n\nThey have a inside and outside stage.  The outside stage has misters which is key in the August nights.  The drinks are as cheap as you are going to get.  The cover to get in depends on the bands.  But I do feel if they are charging $10, you are going to get your money's worth.  Even when it's $5, you are getting your money's worth.\n\nOverall, this is my favorite place in Arizona.  If you love music and good vibes, this is where people go.  In the 9 years I've been coming here, I've never seen a fight break out.  I've never seen someone screw up my drink and I've never met a mean person.\n\nI love this place more than words can tell.
Worth every penny... \nKashman's is the most reliable deli I've found for great breakfast, brunch, and/or lunch in North Scottsdale.  It's fast casual - you go up to the front and order and then they give you a number and they bring you your food.  The menu is huge and there is something for everyone!  On beautiful days, you can sit outside at either location.  Staff are accomodating and friendly.  \n\nMy favorite menu items are their greek omelette, atkins plate (if I feel like watching the carbs), yogurt and granola, tuna melt, egg salad sandwich, and the chopped farmers salad (with which I usually add turkey and/or avocado).  The bagels are delicious and so is the coffee.  They also have several flavors of iced tea to choose from.\n\nWhenever friends or family are in town, Kashman's is a must...
Amazing!! My friends and I went here for dinner and had the best experience any of us have ever had at a restaurant. The bartender was more than helpful letting us sample some wines to find one we liked. They sat us late for our reservations and gave us free drinks to make up for it. The owner personally took care of us and is Te nicest man ever. Our waiter was great! You should ask for him if you go there and really enjoy food and wine - Wayne. He was very nice, funy, and made sure we had everything we needed always. He was also a wine expert and gave us a lesson on how to taste wine. \nWe ordered a ton of things off the menu and has a family style dinner which was amazing. I would recommend any of the following: spinach salad, mozerella salad, warm Brie, seared ahi tuna, tagletelle, and the pork. Everything was delicious!! I don't think you could go wrong with anything you ordered. \n\nHighly recommend!!
My picks:\n\nChateau Ste. Michelle Indian Wells, Merlot\nGrilled Steak & Cremini Mushroom Flatbread\nGrilled Boneless Rainbow Trout\nMini Indulgences (you may need to try all of them)\n\nI am so glad to have another new restaurant choice at the Biltmore.  This restaurant is absolutely gorgeous inside and the staff is amazing!  This is sure to be an instant hit when they open to public on 10/25. I was stoked to get a sneak peak of this place and try a few thing before they opened.  Did I mention that everything on the menu is 475 calories or less?
Went to the Rogue Bar for the first time last night, Lindsay one of the owners invited the band I'm in to play for Indie Night (thursdays) - I really had a great time! Everyone was soooo friendly and talkative, it's sort of rare for strangers to talk to me instead of snear at me in Scottsdale. Okay, there was a little of that with the bartender - I hope she doesn't read this, then she might have a real reason to act like she hates me? But maybe she just has to get to know you to warm up - that's how dive bars usually work. The sound system was pretty buzzy from bands playing mega-loud (see below reviews, I did and came prepared with ear plugs for the last band) - but friends said it sounded good and I didn't mind. We're playing again in September, I'm sure I'll be back before then.
Review #800  \n\nI had to wait for a great place to feature for #800.  \nEnter: Parent morning movies... in a theater that offers changing tables and dim lights in addition to their ultra nice seating, VIP rooms, 21+ beverages, good food service, incredibly friendly staff, and caramel popcorn.  I'm in!!  Oh, and did I mention it's a beautiful, clean theater, too?\n\nWHO: All mommies, daddies, and other care-givers\n\nWHAT:  Go see a movie with your lil one!\n\nWHEN: Wednesday mornings and occasional featured nights. \n\nWHERE:  Listings for participating Ultra Star theaters are here... http://www.ultrastarmovies.com/parent_movie_morning.asp\n\nHOW: Because Ultra Star theater is AWESOME.\n\nWHY:  Because you deserve to get out and enjoy a movie... bonus that it's a movie with Early-Bird prices of $5.75!\n\nI wanna give a shout-out to the management, staff and... whoever thought of parent movie mornings to begin with.  It was nice to get out of the house with my lil one, to do something that I used to take for granted when I wasn't a parent. haha  And then to get there and have the theater so nicely set-up, complete with changing tables and dim lights... well that was amazing.  All of the care-givers there were relaxed, happy and able to enjoy a movie without worrying about missing a part if their lil one fussed.  We all had nothing but praises for your kid-friendly attitude and made plans to meet often.  \n\nThank-you Ultra Star Cinema for a new, great experience.  It's been a while since a place surprised me so much (in a good way)!  \n\nSee ya there!
I've been at this gym since it opened.  It is very clean and all the equipment is new.  It's never too crowded.  That's all I ask for with a gym.  I have a few friends still at LA Fitness and I always tell them it's totally worth the extra few bucks to join this gym.  I was at Lifetime also in the past.  That place is great but it also costs twice as much and I never used half the stuff they offered.  Overall, 5 stars for keeping clean showers, clean towels and good equipment available.  All the people whining about the contract, etc..Good Grief!  Any gym you join is going to have a contract for you to complain about.
"""On Feb 7th, 2008 I attended the \world premiere\"""" performance of Dr. Jekyll & Mr. Hyde.  I loved it!  The cast was extremely talented and diverse (I like it when ladies play male roles).  I found the material to be engrossing, dark and sophisticated.  It seemed to be hit or miss with the audience... I saw some people leaving during intermission, but I thoroughly enjoyed myself and I'll be recommending it to others.\n\nAlong with a handful of other Yelpers, I also attended the January 5th performance of The Pajama Game.  Now, let me preface this by saying that I'm not a big fan of musicals, but I did have an ok time.  The cast was a gifted group and bursting with energy!  The set and costumes were colorful and creative and the 7-person orchestra was wonderful!  The story itself is the only thing that didn't thrill me... as to be expected for a musical, the plot is just fluff.\n\nOverall I give 5 stars to the skilled group of actors that make up the company.  I can't wait to see more (I'll just steer clear of the musicals)!"""""""
"""After all of the recent rains, my car was looking less than wonderful.  Pretty bad, actually.  While I like/prefer to wash my own cars (I am pretty picky about these things), there hasn't been time.  Too many fun things to do on the weekends!  Car wash, here we come...\n\nI was pleasantly surprised to find out this morning that Classic Car Spa is offering an \early bird\"""" special - Monday through Thursday from 7:30 - 9am you will receive $5 off any wash!  As an added bonus, at 7:45 there wasn't a wait - I was in and out of there in less than 20 minutes!\n\nA shiny clean car is a good way to start the week."""""""
I had previously eaten many times at the main location (4000 N Scottsdale) and also DC Ranch so I knew what to expect and believe me, this new addition to the Grimaldi's expanding empire definitely lives up to their very high standards.  Grimaldi's has locations in several states now --- GO GRIMALDI'S!!!  :))\n\nThin crust is wonderful!  My personal favorite is with fresh mozz and fresh basil.  Keeping it simple.  I have tried many of their other toppings though and they were also wonderful (even the anchovies, which I usually don't like but for some reason I really *do* like the ones that Grimaldi's uses!).\n\nService is always courteous, prompt, friendly, and if you have been there more than a few times they will remember your face and name (or is that just me? Hahaha! Kidding!).\n\nI personally think that this pizza is good enough to take on Chicago pizzerias and have told Grimaldi's corporate this.\n\nCoal oven brick pizza, recreation of the local water in Brooklyn in order to obtain the crust texture, crispness, etc. with fresh ingredients and each pizza is made to order.  The care that they put into each pizza shows.\n\nOh---they've opened up Coal Burger too!  I haven't tried that yet.  Will need to do so!  Will definitely keep you posted on that!
How have I NOT reviewed Four Peaks yet?!\n\nAwesome. Even when its wall to wall packed. Even after waiting in a 2 hour line for the special St. Paddy's day breakfast and festivities. The beers are great. the food is oh so good. you really cant go wrong w/ anything that includes their beer bread. And their breakfast! If you can brave the crowd that comes out for it, seriously do it. One of the best breakfasts in town. Ive had almost every item on their brunch menu, and I cant think of one that disappointed.\n\nGO.
I dined at this amazing place on Sunday the last day of Restaurant Week - AZ. They put together an amazing menu that was really worth the cost. \nStarted with Miso Soup - perfect! Second had the Ahi Poke - which was prepared on these little triangles of what seemed like a soft corn tortilla. I could not figure out exactly what it was - and doesn't matter - all I know was Yummo!\nNext course was Sea Bass - prepared to perfection. Not too much flavor as to distract - but just enough. \nLast was the roll dessert - with cream, berries and a sweet rice - I was in heaven. \nAll that and an amazing bottle of wine that was half off - sitting outside under the misters at a nice 90 degrees - in Beautiful AZ - who could ask for more?
"""Having champagne taste but a Champagne of Beers budget is a real drag sometimes. \n\n$15 mixed drinks can go kick rocks and $12 apps that feed one can take a flying leap. That's why I adore happy hour. Remember when Tempe Caffe Boa had a real, real good one? You got the hip but sophisticated atmosphere, great eats and drinks, and could walk away well-fed and pretty buzzed without having buyer's remorse the next day when you realized you spent your week's lunch money.\n\nWell Caf\u00e9 ZuZu you are the new mecca for my budget conscious but discernable palate. I have always adored my visits to Valley Ho - I'm a suck-suck-sucker for modern design and d\u00e9cor and a stroll over the grounds and through the lobby are like a Mad Men fan's dream: the cozy fireplace surrounded by couches for relaxing with your drink, the lounge-y area just outside the bar is intimate, comfy and gorgeous - appropriate for a date or a small gathering of friends -- the open layout means you can look from one end of the hotel to the other and all the way up to the third floor ceiling. The music was 60s lounge and energetic without killing the easy vibe. Oh, did I mention the $3 drinks and food menu?\n\nThis is really impressive. Three bucks a pop can get you a single serving of braised short ribs (juicy, tender and falling right off the bone), or some mini grilled cheese sandwiches of brie, green apple and fig jam (I'm a huge fan of Postino's prosciutto bruschetta, and this reminded me of that, the perfect blend of salty and sweet but even more buttery and savory, and with a hint of tart) or a decently sized prime rib sandwich w/ au jus...to name a few items. On the drinks side, I love the variety. Most HH mixed drink menus are all \martinis\"""" that are neon green or hot pink and sickly sweet. Not here - get a refreshing Blackberry Bramble or Gin Fizz (that's two of six mixed drinks on special) or a glass of wine (about 4-5 choices) for just three dollars. I ate and drank to my delight and spent $15. Um, wow. \n\nService was great - friendly and competent and not at all weird about our ordering 2-3 drinks at a time to take advantage of the deal, or deciding to order yet another appetizer because they're just so damn cheap.\n\nOh ZuZu, thank you! Every pauper wants to feel like a princess, five times a week, from 4-7."""""""
We were in Phoenix for a wedding. We were treated to Friday night dinner for Pizza and salad and then on Saturday night they did the catering for the event. Let me start off by saying carbs are a treat. The pizza was warm and delish. The garlic knots were the bomb! Saturday night dinner was baked zitti, eggplant parm, chicken parm meatballs and salad. Everything was so good. The chicken was so tender you could cut it with a fork. The eggplant tasted like it was made with care and love. The meatball well don't get me started. I am back in San Diego still thinking about this place. They did a wonderful job getting people served with smiles all around. I was so impressed.  Maybe they will want to move to San Diego.....
I had my air conditioner stop working and needed assistance immediately for my home. This business was able to assist me within minutes of my call and the technician was extremely professional. He was honest about what was wrong with my unit (major concern) and fixed my air conditioner the same visit. The young man stayed to verify that my home was cool again and went the extra mile to make sure I was a satisfied customer. I couldn't thank this High Country Comfort enough. I would recommend this place to anyone....friends, family, co-workers and neighbors.
Wow, this place was amazing. We ordered 5 appetizers (during happy hour its half-price), the Cotija Grilled Corn, BBQ Pork Cheese Crisp, Chicken and Poblano Chile Cheese Crisp, Beef Nachos, and  Roasted Poblano Queso. Each dish was full of amazing flavor. \n\nThe Cotija Grilled Corn was honestly the best corn I have ever had, it was grilled perfectly and the cotija cheese adds the perfect amount of flavor without being too over powering. The cheese crisps both had a good balance of flavor, my favorite was the BBQ Pork which had a great spicy BBQ sauce drizzled over it and just the right amount of cheese. The Roasted Poblano Queso  was much more than your average cheese dip topped with chorizo and a hint of sweetness. \n\nI would recommend this place to anyone who enjoys a trendy atmosphere, and flavorful food. This is one of the few restaurants that I have been to where I equally enjoyed everything we ordered and our waiter Joseph was awesome. I can't wait to go back and try their strawberry jalapeno margarita!
There isn't much to add on this place.  It's just a really awesome ice cream shop.  That is way different than anything else around here.  The popsicles actually have pieces of the ingredients in them so you aren't wondering if it's just over priced frozen drink mix.  I had the Blackberry Lavender popsicle and it was very good and had chunks of blackberry in it.  My sister's Banana's Foster popsicle was even better.  I will probably get that next time.  The only disconcerting thing is the bite mark, ha.  It's very real looking... we both looked at each other and wondered if it was supposed to be there, but they all have them so it's part of the mold.  The girl getting ice cream for everyone was really nice and helpful.  A really outstanding place.  If you are in downtown chandler definitely go by and get one.\n\nTry:\n\n- blackberry \n- bananas foster
If you know good beer you know that it is hard to find in the bud light / tecate mecca of the world. Phoenix is not a hot spot for craft beer. Papago is one of the few places you can go and not find a majority of shwill. I love the selection and it is always changing. The food I will give 3 stars but the beer and what they represent gets 5. I love the feel of this place and if you go solo you are bound to meet someone that if anything can offer a good conversation. Not to mention its nice to support the little guy!
Oh my god y'all this place is for real.  The food is inversely proportional to what the place looks like on the outside, and I'm telling you it looks like a ramshackle dump.  The burritos are proper and the price is right.  I don't know if the horchota is any good, I don't drink that stuff.  I think its cash only but don't worry about strolling in to such a dangerous looking location with your last $20 because the dude behind the counter has a firearm on his hip and he will protect you.  I recommend the patio seating; it is probably the worst outdoor seating in all of Arizona if not the civilized world.  You'll spend your time waiting for your food marveling that anyone would eat there and then you'll snatch up your package when they holler and head home.  When you do take your first bite and then listen closely: I told you so.
"""I am so surprised that this place has such mediocre reviews!  Maybe I had a fluke experience or something, but everything about it was phenomenal!\n\nI must admit we didn't have sushi, we had edamame, lettuce cups, a teriyaki chicken dish, and the horseradish mashed potatoes.\n\nOh my gosh, it was all lick-you-plate-clean delicious!  I mean the sauce that came with the lettuce cups was really incredible - a TON of flavor! The horseradish had the perfect \hint\"""" or horseradish so they weren't overpowering and the teriyaki chicken was far from average! \n\nWe had drinks and for 2 the total was $50 bucks or so, and we had a great, attentive, funny server.  I have nothing to fault the place with.  I'll keep going, and hopefully my standards stay about the same!"""""""
Ok, so Rebecca and Stevey disagree about this place being a 5 star experience. But I won't budge. I don't hand out that many 5 star places, even some of my favouritest places still get a 4 star-but I really couldn't think of any way this place could be improved except for one tiny billing thing (they don't do automatic gratuity for partys 6 or more). That is IT.\n\nSo, anywho, we had people waiting for us who due to our large party of 9 people, went ahead and ordered one of every dish. Finding the place was easy enough off Cameback, we had a small private lot to the side, and we walked in, stunned by the dark ambiance, the dinner din and the sight of the cooks to our immediate left cookin' up food. We snaked back to a tall table (which I normally HATE, but I was fine with this one) that seated us all comfortably. We had some vegetarians (and the lonely lactose intolerant me), but most of the plates are seafood or veggie friendly, a perfect place for the vegetarian in your life (a really pleasant surprise). The asparagus was incredible and Stevey and I kept stealing extra stalks. I did try the shrimp, and it was just plain perfect, the sauce with garlic was impeccible. There was a soft cheese with fruit with brioche style bread that I thought was soft garlic at first-I did eat some (to some regrettable stomach problems later-but it was SO GOOD)-but that was a special that night so don't offer it regularly.  There was an eggplant dish that was savoury and not too oily. Damn, and some kind of infused olive oil with doughy soft bread slices. Oh, and plenty of olives, PLENTY-me and Jeff the other olive lover went ballistic-and we still didn't finish all of 'em....yuuummers.\n\nSteve and I indulged in some simple (cheap) red wine by the glass, and the glass lasted through out dinner (we did two rounds of all the dishes) for like 7.50. Valerie had the sangria, which had a strong taste of strawberries (also had strawberries floating in the glass), and I found it refreshing, but didn't think it paired great with the savoury, warm tastes of the tapas. The bathroom was clean, nice. The service was friendly and down to earth-and we couldn't have done desert if we tried. We ended up doing 30 per person (including tip) on our cards, so for large groups this is a great deal for grazing, the conversation we could all hear each other despite the large size and the restaurant was cosy but not clausterphobic. \n\nI say HELL YEAH to Lola.
I love Cantina Laredo!\n\nGreat for lunch or dinner.  Get the guacamole made at your table, sooo yummy!  My favorite dish is the chicken mole enchilada. If you have never tried mole, this is the place to do it.  It is so rich with flavor.  I tried something else once and it didn't even compare to the mole enchiladas, so I pretty much just stick to that dish every time.  They also have a great Sunday brunch menu, but I never get up early enough to try it out!\n\nThe margaritas are STRONG, I get pretty happy with just one.  They also serve warm(as in temperature)  and cold salsa with the chips.  They both are fantastic. \n\nOne funny thing I noticed, every waiter/waitress I've ever had has an accent.  Either they only hire Spanish speaking people or they tell them all to fake an accent so the place feels more authentic!\n\nOh, I almost forgot...\nThey have this amazing desert.  I don't know what it's called, but it has the most enticing smell.  It's some kinda sizzling cake, cinnamon ice cream, brandy butter goodness. Try it, you'll die!
"""The food is just what the name implies - excellent mexican with a modern flare.  The place doesn't inspire confidence upon arrival... tight parking, more of a bar appearance than a restaurant.  The menu's don't look like much either and when we say that they charge for chips and salsa we almost left.  We were glad we didn't.\n\nTheir barteneder makes great drinks, the appitizers were excellent, my wife had chicken taco's that were \fine\"""" (can't really do much with chicken tacos imo), I had the \""""Obama Burrito\"""".  I hate the name but it was superb - pork with just the right combination of spice and sweetness... really excellent.  The food, combined with service that was far above par makes this a must return."""""""
When I want a fun night out with the girls, this place is one of my top choices!  When you're in the mood to sip fancy (albeit a little pricey) drinks in a beautiful bar, surrounded by a great mix of beautiful and stylish people, go here!  Everytime I've been to this place, I've met tons of fun people and had a blast.  \n\nAnd it doesn't hurt that everyone notices and compliments you on your hot pair of shoes or outfit, either.  ;)
This was quite a pleasant surprise!\n\nI have been a fan of Fox concepts for a while, and was excited when I heard they had a new taco and tequila spot.  Our light lunch very quickly turned into an all afternoon affair peppered with cocktails, tacos and dessert galore.\n\nWe started with the guacamole, which was very fresh and flavorful.  For entrees, the three of us each ordered a different taco plate, and we all shared, which was the way to go.  We had the Carnitas, Carne Asada and Shrimp.  Although the Carnitas was great, the Shrimp tacos took the grand prize.  They are battered in a Negro Modelo batter and fried.  The sauce pairs perfectly, and the salsa is perfect.\n\nFor dessert, we tried one of everything.  I was a huge fan of the flan, which was extremely light and perfect consistency.  The chocolate cake was insanely rich.  The bread pudding was awesome.\n\nAll that, and I haven't even got to the best part- the tequila!  I enjoyed delicious Paloma's throughout the meal, and my guest had margaritas.  We were all quite pleased.  We also enjoyed a nice Don Julio 1942 to top everything off.  The cocktail list is diverse and full of fresh ingredients.  The tequila list is extensive and well-rounded.\n\nI highly recommend their patio if you have an afternoon (and a healthy budget) to waste.
Was in the area on business and did not expect to step into one of the best in the West.  I travel often and will drive long and far for great coffee.  I've sampled the best in the Seattle, San Fran, LA and New York and this place ranks near the top if you're looking for quality coffee experience. \n \nI ordered a breakfast burrito and cappuccino.  The burrito was piping hot and perfectly balanced between contents and wrapping.  Unlike burritos that blend too much cheese to confuse the quality of the ingredients, this modern version of the classic is a very modern Panini wrapped interpretation of the classic that possessed just the right amount of contents.  All high quality and made with precision.\n\nThe cappuccino was lovingly prepared.  The ratio of milk to coffee was perfect.  The grind was both smooth and robust.  PCR exceeded expectations on every level and I look forward to sampling their full coffee menu.
Tediberto's rocks my word every time with spicy flavorful tacos and playful dishes that I just could not create at home on my own. Tedibertos is the type of restaurant that makes dinning out a treat and unique experience. \nThe kale salad is my favorite but not available every night, which is really a good thing cause id never try new dishes if it were.  I love that the menu offers new dishes often and the specials on Taco Tuesdays has me coming back once a week.  Keep an eye out for posted specials on Facebook, and check this place out, at least once for the ambiance and unique Mexican inspired food.  I bet you will love it and want some more of it.
The staff is really nice and knowledgable when you call and make an appointment or have any questions.  The receptionist in particular on 9/27/12 at 2PM was a life saver.    She went above and beyond the call of duty to clear up my doctor's incorrect work order.  My doctor blatantly ordered the wrong tests. When she called my doctor's office to clear up the mixup, they put her on hold forever, gave her attitude, and told her to wait for a new work order via fax.  We waited for 40minutes for my doctor to send over the corrected work order and by that time my appt was long past.  The receptionist at Insight Imaging told me it was not my fault and she got me in to get my tests done in a timely manner.  I would have cried from frustration if the receptionist at Insight Imaging had not been so nice, calm, and patient.  I had a great experience here, they really make you feel at ease.
"""Favorite place in Scottsdale to go for an afternoon of great wine and socializing.  Low noise level making it easy to carry on conversations with more than the person sitting next to you.  A young man, Shawn, makes our outings special by catering to our group of \senior\"""" women.  It is a 50 minute drive here but well worth the time.  Appetizers and food are great.  Many choice wines to choose from at a super happy hour price.  Have been there many times and will go back many more."""""""
"""After reading several on-line reviews of Cafe Monarch promoting its concept of a personal chef for a night, and fantastic food preparations it became a \Must try!\"""" for me. I went with a group of 4 people total (two from out of town) to enjoy chef Chris' creation. We made reservations several weeks prior for a Sunday night. We were hoping for Saturday night, but it was rented out for a private party, which is quite common for this place. \n\nWe show up and get seated at our table inside in a little bit of an alcove so we were away from the rest of the tables, and certainly enjoyed the privacy afforded by such placement. Chris comes right over and welcomes us, double checks for food allergies or special preparations (he asked when we made the reservation as well), and opens our bottles of wine (BYOB in case you did not know). He tells us to relax and enjoy ourselves while he prepares the first course of hummus and arugula salad with capers and corn chips. The portions are very large and most of the table did not finish the dish completely, saving room for the main course. \n\nThe main course comes out and we have our choice of pork medallions in a citrus pepper glaze or a salmon fillet with a tarragon cream sauce. We get two of each in order to try as much as possible. Neither dish disappointed. The pork was cooked perfectly and tasted like it was dry rubbed with a red pepper mixture and then grilled and topped with a sauce that resembled confetti. As best as we could tell it had a mango and pineapple base with basil, chilies, and a variety of other seasonings. The pork was good enough to stand on its own, but the glaze made it exponentially better. \n\nThe salmon was pan fried and topped with a simple cream, sherry, and tarragon mixture. Once again, the protein is more than capable of standing on its own, however the sauce takes it to the next level. \n\nDessert was a poached pear dish in a burgundy reduction with a chocolate drizzle and a puff pastry, which was mentioned in previous reviews. It was very light, and a perfect ending to our meal. \n\nOverall the meal took about two and a half hours, but we were in no rush and really enjoyed ourselves. Chris was an amazingly gracious host and making people happy seems to come to him NATurally. It was a wonderful experience and we plan on making up reasons to justify going back to see what else this one man band can serenade us with again and again."""""""
"""Before going into this Ace, I'd only been in 2 others, and for limited times.  Both times I left feeling either in the way, or that I didn't belong there because I didn't know everything about what I'd come to get.  \n\nLeaving here for the first time, I wanted to meet them all down at the bar and buy them a drink.  I walked in knowing NOTHING about re-seeding a lawn and I was scared to see what might be involved.  Folks at the register both said \Hello\"""" in a genuine way.  I was asked if they could help me by 2 different people as we made our way to the grass section.  I was scared to admit I needed help at first.  Within about 20 seconds after looking at the grass seed, over walked our guy.  I really wish I could remember his name because he was awesome.  He said, \""""You two look like you could use some help.  Let me point you in the right direction.  Whatcha looking to do?\"""" It was too good to be true.  So we told him tentatively.  He pointed us in the right direction, walked us over to show us options for equipment, talked about how to save money by doing it another way, and then gave us his personal tips on keeping birds off the grass without having to pay for some fancy tent system.  \n\nThis was our first experience, which is why it's stuck out to me, but I've been there a few times since then, and it's the same every time.  Everyone is SO nice!!!  And helpful.  The only person I've ever talked to who didn't know an answer COMPLETELY - called over his buddy to finish up where he left off.  Amazing.  I used to be a Home Depot girl, but I've officially made the switch on where I go first.  This Ace won't have everything a HD would, but if they don't have something they'll tell you up front - and sometimes they'll suggest where you go to get it.  Truly the helpful hardware place."""""""
I really like Durant's.  A couple of my best memories were made here.  I've had the coconut shrimp and also the crab; both were fantastic.   i've also gone there just for drinks, and i have to say that Durant's is probably the best place to sit down and talk over drinks with a friend.  It's like entering a different world.  It's just so cozy, with those low lights and plush red velvet.  I especially loved it because with the two of us at the bar, it felt like we were the only two people in the world.  The staff is so incredibly attentive, and the bartender is very jovial and friendly.
"""My family and I have been enjoying the delicalicious bounties of Cheese N' Stuff on Central and Camelback for decades. In a city with a new trendy lunch spot opening and closing every 15 minutes, you will find no greater old school deli in the Metro Phoenix area than this place. With a sandwhich selection ranging from lebanese bologna to the famous \doughboy\"""", I can't seem to leave Cheese N' Stuff without brown bagging at least 2 sandwhiches for myself. Stan and his girls have the magic touch when it comes to delicious sandwhich making, and their macaroni salad can't be beat. Hands down best damn deli lunch spot in Arizona. Do not pass Central and Camelback without stopping by Cheese N' Stuff and experiencing the best deli sandwhiches in the State!"""""""
Wonderful place with lots of atmosphere inside and out. Lovingly decorated and the food was delicious. You stop outside the door for the menu, I think it is what the Chef feels like making that day. I had a great tomato soup with grilled cheese bread  - and the Chef even asked me if I liked the burned ends of the bread, how did he know?????  - and for desert pumpkin bread with baked pear and what I believe was a cranberry puree  - it was fantastic. The food is made with great care right in front of you - so do bring some time to enjoy. An absolute do again. Come early and it is cash only.
This place is seriously amazing.  I sampled the date and blue cheese ice cream and it was phenomenal.  I'm not sure I could eat an entire cup of it but it is definitely a must for sampling.  I got a small cup of the peanut butter ice cream with chocolate chunks in it.  I definitely did not regret this post lunch decision.  I seriously can't wait to go back and try more of their ice creams, sorbets, and milkshakes!  Read their framed newspaper article on the far back wall.  Really cool story!  I definitely hope this business sticks around for a long time!
Cupcakes everywhere! Good ones, crazy ones, gourmet ones, and a few not so good ones! I like that they host this on Veterans day weekend and that the proceeds go to help Veterans. A fun way to earn money for a good cause. The vendors were all really nice and Yelp was on hand to add some more fun to the mix. There was also water, milk, and a bar area to wash down all those sweets. I really liked the photo booth too. My favorite cupcake was the one from Bourbon restaurant with the bacon and blueberries. I was really skeptical about trying it and it was very good.
I first went to a Pita Jungle over three years ago and wasn't impressed.  Earlier this week, a friend and I met at the Downtown Phoenix location for my belated birthday dinner.  Wow, has my opinion changed!\n\nService was great.  The ambiance was really comfortable.  The food was delicious.\n\nWhat I appreciate most was our server's honesty.  I went in knowing I wanted baklava.  When I asked him if it was good, he said no.  I asked if he just didn't like baklava or if it was truly not good.  He said it was truly not good and recommended the carrot cake instead.  It may sound inconsequential to be so impressed about someone's opinion on dessert selection, but I thought it was really cool.  and the carrot cake?  TO. DIE. FOR.  Thank you, Anthony!\n\nI went back yesterday with my cousin for lunch.  We arrived close to 12:30, at the height of the lunch rush.  We went in, gave our names, and waited just a few minutes for a table.  Again, service was great, even when we asked for extra pita, refills, or took forever to make up our minds.  This place  has quickly risen to the top of my favorites list!
Six always ends my  nights out in old town, and it usually goes a little something like this:\n\nStingray\nDrift\nSuede\nPCL\nSix\nhome\n\nFor some reason, my friends and I have an adversion to staying in one location longer than a couple of hours, and at 2am when the lights come back on, 98% I'm standing in the middle of Six. It's a dark, sexy looking place where the music is always good, you're going to run into people you know (whether you want to or not - always good for some drama) and yeah, the drinks are pricey but not by Scottsdale standards. I love six and you will too. Girls,  go through the back entrance and guys, try there too, it's easier than you think.
If you like Antique Malls, then this is a really fun one to visit. I think it's mostly because it feels like you are exploring an old house with all sorts of secret rooms!\n\nThere's the main level and another level downstairs with even MORE stuff. I think I saw two additional sets of stairs aside from the main steps near the front. It's a BIG place!\n\n I found STUFF for great prices - which can be rare at an Antique Mall! Usually, most Vendors have stuff overpriced, but I was very pleased with my findings...just need to look, you never know what you might find.\n\nThere were employees randomly walking around if you needed help or to bring your items to the front check-out. \n\nFriendly service too.\n\nI will be visiting here again for sure!
Let me start off by saying that this 5 star rating is based on their reverse happy hour and that alone. Monday thru Saturday they feature a reverse happy hour from 10p to close. They have drinks for under $5 and sushi rolls for under $6! They have a few other things on the menu like their potstickers, etc... and the food is really yummy! The highlight of the night was enjoying drinks and food for under $15. This is only available in the bar area but I highly suggest everyone check this out.
I need to preface my review by saying that Nike owned stores are not for everyone. If you want a bargain, don't waste your time. This is not an outlet store. If you're into sneaker culture and shoes are a vice of yours, you will come away satisfied. It's nice to be able to get access to the limited edition Nike releases at a legit source. \n\nWhile the store isn't large, they manage to hit the areas most people want: basketball, running, golf, baseball, tennis, and crosstraining.\n\nAbout my only negative is that they don't have anything for soccer or football. Since Nike makes so many team uniforms for European soccer teams and will soon take over the NFL jerseys, it would be nice to see some of that product there in the future. \n\nAll in all, I love this place and plan on blowing plenty of my disposable income in the future there.
Once again, Modern Steak never fails, or even comes short of greatness. Went here for a birthday lunch with a group and had an excellent time. We all ordered the pink diamond which is a delicious champagne drink with some acai and fruit juice, so you don't feel guilty. I was getting my vitamins that morning. They brought out fresh hot bread with this herb butter that melted over. It was gone in a blink of an eye. I ordered the turkey burger which was very filling and delicious. For dessert they brought out this chocolate cake that had layers and layers of good stuff. I have no idea what it was. It tasted salty, crunchy, moist, and above all full of chocolate. Thanks again Modern Steak.
Lived out here for almost two years and finally tried this place...can't believe we waited this long, it's amazing. BEST burger we've ever had. You can build your own burger which is easy and you get exactly what you want. We did ours with the kobe meat and it was delicious. The buns were even great. The burgers are huge and fries are good too. They have a nice little outdoor patio, clean/simple/modern decor and a friendly staff. Yes, it may be a little bit more expensive than the average burger place but you get what you pay for. This is a gourmet burger. I'd rather spend a few extra dollars and get an awesome/huge burger than spend a few bucks and get a dinky/tasteless burger. It's a must try!
"""It's an amazing theater!! The theater is beautiful and the seats are comfortable.\n\nAdvice:\n\nAvoid sitting on row C. Evidently rows A & B were \under the stage,\"""" so on row C, we were even with the stage. I've sat on the front row before at other theaters and have never been so close to have to look up. Next time I'll choose seats more toward the middle of the theater.\n\nIf you'd like a hot appetizer during intermission, order it before the show."""""""
YUM!\n\nWent here with some sorority sisters after an afternoon of volunteering. I am fairly certain it's a newer place and just had its grand opening a few weeks ago. I ordered a salad with came in the soft tortilla shell. I got the chicken, lettuce, gacumole, pico, tomato, cheese, and a wonderful creamy chiptole dressing.\nI devoured it. It was so delish. The best part about ordering at the place to is that they will sing to you if you order nachos. I couldn't make out what they were saying 100% but it was entertaining. They also have a really festive array of drinks. Your typical soda machine of course, but off to the side is about 4 cooler of fun mixes. There's mint lemonade, Mexican limeade, and 2 others. All made in house and totally authentic. \n\nThey are making their claim to fame with the torillas though. I would recommend this place to just go and eat their bread all day.
Decided to have a family dinner there Saturday night.  Got there at 5:00 with NO reservations for 9 people.  They were very accommodating and sat us in 5 minutes.  We had two waitresses watching over us and even though 2 in our party came in late and ordered after us, our meals came out at the same time.  Everyone in our party raved about the food.  Must say it was a great experience and we would not hesitate to go back SOON!
For me, this dealership is as good as it gets. The service department is second to none, the salesmen are friendly and about as non-high pressure as you can get in the car purchasing world. The dreaded finance manager? Not here. Kim is an absolute doll, and I honestly wish I didn't have to buy a car just to talk to her! \n\nEveryone here, from service to finance, will bend over backwards to accommodate you. I highly recommend this dealership.\n\n**Update**\n\nI just purchased a brand new 2012 TL from this dealership - the second Acura I have purchased from them. Nothing but amazing treatment, no-hassle, pressure-free. I absolutely adore every single person who works at this dealership. The finance department is amazing, my service guy is a total ten, and my salesperson and sales manager were awesome. I cannot say enough good things about this dealership. They REALLY go the extra mile for the customer. Anyone in the valley would be crazy to purchase an Acura anywhere else - or heck, any car anywhere else!\n\nThe service departmet of Acura of Tempe is absolutely phenomenal - like, literally amazing. I wll ONLY have my vehicles serviced here and recently had several thousands of dollars worth of upgrades flawlessly implemented; my vehicle looks beautiful. My service technician always goes the extra mile for me and the work is A+ quality.
What a great little family owned joint!  Everyone is so friendly here, and this is one of those ran places that the family runs the place, and knows the majority of the patrons by name.  I love right here in the neighborhood, and can't believe it's taken me this long o discover this gem.  If you're ever in the old town area, it's worth the trek over here to casella's to grab a sandwich.  I recommend the hot Italian beef which was outstanding!\n\nI will no longer be going to Subway and encourage you to do the same.  Let's keep the dollars local, and hit up Casella's where the sandwiches are easily twice as good!
I have been to this place probably a dozen times since my last review... I went tonight with a friend after taking her her the first time she has begun to crave it. Had the rad nad noodles (beef) and the garlic sauce (chicken) the chicken satay as a started and we followed with the sticky black rice and custard for desert. She had plum wine as well... Everything was excellent and we have lunch for tomorrow. This is my favorite place now.\nI have taken probably 5 different friends here and everyone loves it including a self proclaimed thai food expert! YUM
A trip to Geisha A Go-Go = a cab-cab ride home.  I just love this place, and it's quickly becoming a favorite spot for heading out with the Little Lady, meeting friends for HH, late evening, late night, anytime!\n\nHH specials are fantastic, and the food is very good (this isn't a premium sushi joint...but very respectable sushi for a bar).  Geisha is just a really cool spot, that does a lot of different things well...and it all works out somehow.  It's a bar, a restaurant, a club, and a karaoke spot.  Constant good vibe and great service.\n\nI've only had the bad judgement to bring my tone-deaf-no-talent self into a karaoke room once, and I promise you there is not enough sake in this place for that to happen again!
"""Cornish Pasty Company, \It's a place that makes Hot Pockets\"""" says James. Hummmmm....that is just gross I say.  I realize the Nestle Company has sold billions of these nasty things since the 70's, but I don't want to go to a restaurant and eat Hot Pockets.  After reading the incredible reviews about this place I could not resist.\n \nNot much to the outside of the place and seriously I would not have given the place a chance if I was driving by.  Inside is comfortable and inviting.  We were asked to seat ourselves and the server was over to take our drink orders almost immediately.  They have a good selection of mostly beers but the real focus here is the food.  35 or so combinations of pastry filled pies which makes deciding a bit difficult.  If you go you may want to check out the menu online beforehand or be prepared to browse the menu for awhile.  Our choice was the steak & cheese and one filled with sausage.  Both were incredible.  On the side, we had a choice of red wine gravy or mustard cream.  I asked our server which one she recommended and she said she would bring both.  Wow...funny I had not thought of that, but glad she did as both sauces were delicious. With a valley full of so-so restaurants it is always refreshing to find a truly good place to eat."""""""
"""Sweet O's is located in the new \Westgate\"""" shopping area next to the new football stadium. I'm usually merciless in my ridiculing everything about anything Glendale because of a very strongly pro-Glendale (Cards fan) friend of mine. But Sweet O's is really something that stands out from the crowd.\n\nI probably had the most amazing salad of my entire life here. I didn't even know it was possible to enjoy a salad this much. Smoked salmon with fresh strawberries on a bed of greens. The strawberries came slliced, and were all fresh and very sweet. My friend had a \""""tower\"""" of grilled zucchini (or was it eggplant?) and mozzarella, and she was equally impressed. She likened the mozzarella in terms of quality to the hand-made stuff made at Bianco's.\n\nThe chocolate selection is fun. There are over 150 choices of of wine. The atmosphere and decor are very cool and up-scale. The price point of some of the entrees is a bit high, which led to this place being close to empty during lunchtime even as every other restaurant in Westgate was packed because of the Cardinals-Texans game starting at 1:15. But when you see the presentation of their dishes and then taste them, you'll see that you get what you pay for."""""""
I've been wanting to check back at NOCA since Chef Matt Taylor took over. I'm so glad I did. I had been to NOCA a couple years ago and it definitely made a good impression,but I think the new Chef takes it in a great direction.\n\nSome amazing standouts were the Lobsta Po-boy with Duck fat fries, Seared scallop with Pork Belly and truffled parsnips and Crusty delicious Hake, a fish I hadn't previously tried. Light and mild with an incredible golden brown crust on the top and melt-in-your-mouth flakey buttery texture inside.\n\nThe rest of the courses from the tasting menu were also fantastic and the service was very attentive. I cant wait to go back and experiment with all the interesting special events they have on Sundays and other days.
If you are from Chi-Town and you like your Chicago dogs, then this place is a must!! The beef is just like home, the dogs are bomb and they even have pizza puffs. If your not from Chicago, pizza puffs are no big deal and the tamales are for the palate of a Chicagoan with no sense of Mexican food so dont order that unless you grew up on crappy rolled tamales. Order the dog with everything, but NO ketchup! That is a no no! Yes to sport peppers, very unique to Chicago dogs, get them. \nGet in your car and go now.
Mmmmm....one of my all time favorite restaurants in the valley.  I've loved everything I have eaten here.  If you like your salsa hot be sure to ask for the habanero salsa with your chips.  Can't resist the bakery items. They have the freshest Mexican pastries I have ever found in the valley. If you are in the mood for seafood take a trip into the store. Go into the back where the seafood counter is located and they have fresh seafood tostadas that are to die for !!!  There's nothing like a lazy Saturday morning...you take a trip to RM for a bowl of home made menudo and tortillas then you come home and take a GIANT NAP !!!
I have been getting facials and laser hair removal treatments for several years now. Dr. Leber's office is very welcoming and the staff are friendly. The laser technician at his office is professional, caring, knowledgeable,  and experienced. I have followed her from a previous Dr's office to continue my services of facials and laser treatments.\nI have a darker skin tone that makes it harder to treat, so I am told. I trust the technician fully to appropriately handle my skin type.\nI have never encountered and problems. I would highly recommend this office if you are looking for treatment.
My only complaint about this establishment is that there doesn't seem to be a shortage of kids running rampant throughout the dining areas almost tripping me to the ground with my food in hand.   I can't stress enough that the mothers & fathers of this day & age are a real sad excuse for parents.  This country needs to have a one-child-per-family law in effect, but that's never going to happen so let's get on with the review.\n\nOf course that is not Golden Corral's fault.  What Golden Corral IS at fault for has to be that they have completely made me fall head over heels for their food.  I am a native San Antonio, Texan & have been to Golden Corral periodically throughout my years spent there.  I'd say Once a year is a good estimate.  Anyway, after moving here to Arizona, I found that you, too, have GC.  I hadn't been to GC in about 2 or 3 years.  We went one night after work & loved it completely.  Everything from the nice hot bread served by the waitress, to the popcorn shrimp, to the pot roast I love so dearly was amazing.  I found no faults with the food there.   It is even better than I remember.   The Pot Roast is to die for.  The Fried Chicken is still juicy as ever.  The Steak, wonderful.  Lovely variety of vegetables, mashed potaoes, & macaroni & cheese.  And then there's the bread.  Oh My God, the rolls.  Great food.\n\nWe've been back once more and still have nothing negative to say about them, except that we still encountered kids wanting to turn the restaurant into a stinking playground!  \nMoney's been tight so we can't go back as often as we'd like.  Still, PARENTS:  Check your kids!\n\nGolden Corral gets 5 stars, baby.
My family and I have been here 2 or 3 times and each time it's been great!  We found it on accident, and oh what a fortunate accident!  Their homemade salsa is fantastic, very garlicky which I love!  The pico de gallo is fantastic.  Bananas Ranas needs to take a note from this place (they serve Pace, wtf?)\n\nWe're working our way through the menu.  We took a visiting friend to this restaurant with us last time and he was very glad we did, loved dinner!
I just went into the MAC store today because I lost my favorite lip gloss (maybe it fell underneath my car seat?) anyway the gal who greeted me was very helpful.  Luckily there was a card on me so my last purchase was recorded.  She was able to find the color of my lost lip gloss.  She also told me that a percentage of the sale of this particular gloss goes to help Aids.  Interesting. I bought two lip glosses. I'm happy the store isn't far from where I work in case I lose another lip gloss.
I've been here three times recently for their 1/2 wine bottle special on Sunday nights.  Every time I've had a great experience.\n\nThis last visit we started with a bottle of Angeline pinot noir.  It was refreshing and started things out on exactly the right note.\n\nFor dinner I had the braised short ribs.  These babies are tender and melted in my mouth.  Absolutely delicious!\n\nThe second bottle of wine was a gorgeous Ladera cabernet savignon.  It went perfectly with the short ribs.\n\nFor dessert the caramel gelato was just right.\n\nThe decor and service are always first class here.  I can't wait to come back soon.
These guys are real tire pros.  They repaired and replaced all the broken rims and poorly balanced tires on my 335i BMW in less than an hour.....and I paid .025% of what I was paying my BMW Dealer Service Techs to screw up , never fix properly, and complain about how it was all 'my fault'.  NOT HERE.....these guys took control of my car, fixed it, and had me racing down the highway on my beloved Yokohama;s in no time.  Rock solid service.  The best I've ever experienced.
I have eaten here on a couple of occasions and it has been a great experience every time. This is a nice restaurant to sit and eat, or great for take out. When you sit and eat at the restaurant they give you 3 different types of salsa and all of them are amazing in their own way. I got a more casual vibe, so I was pleasantly surprised that they actually bring out your food to the table. I got the carne asada quesadilla, hands down the best carne asada I've had so far in Phoenix. We even got take out the other day and I couldn't say no to getting it again. I promised myself next time I would venture to other dishes like the tortas but I couldn't help it this time. My bf has tried the carne asada burrito and barbacoa tacos and they were also very delicious. We also tried the chese dip appetizer that had roasted anahiem pepper and other yummy stuff added. That was demolished instantly. The staff has always been amazing and very helpful in making decisions.  Will definitely be coming here for a long time, since I live fairly close.
this place is amazing.  i took my wife there and earned some major brownie points!  the place looks incredible and has a large patio with a view of camelback mountain.  my wife had some great wine and i enjoyed a few awesome beers.  the beer and wine selection was great!  a lot of local brews at that!  for an app we had a cheese plate.  some great cheeses on obviously fresh bread.  we ended up splitting shrimp scampi and a charbroiled lamb pita. we were not let down one bit.  both of us plan on coming back to this place very often.  it is really hard to find great food and great service at the same time but this place did it for us!
Phenomenal sushi!  We had another incredible dinner last night.  The quality is simply the best in Phoenix.  \nThis is not a chic, trendy scene like some of the clubs pretending to be sushi bars.\nThis is a simple, quiet, nice, comfortable, little spot with excellent sushi as well as other traditional Japanese food.  It's as fresh as it gets and Yuki and EJ are truly talented at creating the most delicious sushi offerings you could ever hope to eat.  I highly recommend that you give it a try.
"""Let me state two things clearly:\n1) I can not stand pho (the dish).  In my food beliefs, I call it an abomination.  \nMy idea of a _good soup_ is thick and very flavorfull and spicy broth, and if there will be any noodles in it, they better be broad noodles.  So at Saigin Pho I usually ordered from the Mi section and my favorite there (and from the menu in general) - the Hu Tieu Sate with its almost gravy-like thickness.  To this day, it remains one of only two dishes for which I have willingly broken my 17 years long boycott of the beef industry.  \n2) hands down Saigon Pho was (and still is) one of my favorite restaurant experiences on earth, even if I discard all the pho choices.\n\nI hope the place (esp. the food) is at least half as decent as I remember it from 10 years ago.  With so many bad examples, I cringe when I hear that a restaurant has changed owners!!!\n\nMy wife and I used to hop in the car and drive all the way from Glendale to Chandler, when we wanted a good enjoyable meal, and leftovers to feed us sometimes for two more days and only get better as the spices and flavors soak in.  Anyone who knows Phoenix traffic, understands our dedication.\n\nWe had our so called wedding reception there (a party of 10-12 friends we invited to our favorite joint to celebrate with us).  \nMaybe I should mention here, that we are white folks, that is, if the arians (liberal arians included) will let us wear that label.  \nWe showed up in the evening after our late afternoon ceremony, knowing that on a weekday evening the \Vietmanese party and weddings area\"""" will be empty and will likely be available to us.  We got outstanding service from the staff and even a treat - the manager threw in as a freebie some traditional drink, that a Vietnamese bride and groom are supposed to enjoy at their party.\n\nI have had some pretty amazing quality fresh spring rolls at many other places, having sampled those and the one-of-a-kind Vietnamese coffee all over the country.\nBut I must say - I did develop my taste for those two at Chandler's Saigon Pho.\n\nOnce, about two years after our wedding, I took home a take out from Saigon Pho - to surprise my wife.  \n2000 miles all the way to Central Ohio!  \nPick up at Saigon Pho at 8pm, delivery three airports later at 8am.  I tried to sit at the very end of the cabin on the red eye and bought a new cooler bag with a good zipper to keep the flavors in.  But even from a distance people were still giving me bewildered looks.  The air system circulated the flavors of lemongrass and garlic. \n\nHad to have been the best, longest and last of its kind take out on earth worth mentioning - just a few months before 9/11 changed forever what we can take on or do in an airplane."""""""
This is a great store. When I wandered in after work one day, the owner invited my wife and I to come participate in their Thursday Night boardgaming and we have made it our Thursday night event. You just come in, boardgames in hand or not, and play for free with everone there. If you play something you like, it's usually right there on the shelf ready to buy. We've been playing Dominion there a lot lately, it's just a good fun time.\n\nEveryone we have ever met inside that building that we have taken time to talk to has been completely polite and friendly. We haven't come across one true nutball or rude jerk in our entire time going there and that really speaks volumes, especially when you consider the kinds of people that can wander into game stores. Sure, most gamers can be a little eccentric, but if you've never met a real nerdcore dickwad, consider yourself lucky.\n\nTheir selection is great if you're into boardgames, but they are particularly specialized in wargames like Warhammer and Hordes. Half their store is dedicated to it. TCG selections are very limited, but if you're not into that at all then why go to a store that's always crowded with Yu-Gi-Oh thugs and Pokemon kids?\n\nTheir prices are average for the kind of product they sell, no better or worse than the mall's game stores. The store is, by and large, pretty darn clean. Everyone is helpful and friendly. When they get their Air Conditioner fixed (or when the weather stops being so brutal, whichever comes first) this place will be almost perfect.\n\nWell done, Imperial Outpost.\n\nEdit 8/25/09: They got their A/C fixed! Hurray!\n\nEdit 9/15/09: IOG has started doing Magic: The Gathering booster drafts every Friday at 7pm. Avoid the stuffy FNM crowd and play with some people who are there to have fun!
Since I live down the street, I can't believe I haven't been here sooner. (I've eaten at the location once before, when it was a different (I think Chinese) restaurant, but that wasn't very good.)\n\nI went here with my boyfriend and his parents while they were in town. The three of them lived in Japan for quite some time, and have had a hart time finding a Japanese restaurant that is on par to what they're used to. Dozo is that place. I forget what his mom had, but she absolutely loved it. My boyfriend had Udon, and he loved it too. He thinks a good udon is a sign of a good restaurant, and apparently it's pretty hard to find quality udon. His dad had octopus something and devoured it. My palate is rather immature, so I stuck with fried tofu. Delicious! I've had fried tofu from other places that was just gross and soggy, but theirs was to die for. The waiter brought out a variety of sauces for me, and even though I thought it would be gross, the eel sauce was divine. I think I've had half a dozen dreams about that tofu since eating there. Oh, another plus was the Ramune I had didn't explode all over the place. I took it outside just to be safe, but that was the first time I didn't end up wearing a portion of it. (AND it must have been a lucky bottle, because I bought some later and none of them exploded either :)\n\n\nThe prices are excellent. The staff is great. If I wasn't on a cook-at-home kick we'd probably eat here every day.
"""This place is realllly yummy.\n\nIf you like/are Rockabilly you will love this place.\n\nIf you have an affinity for girls/guys with tattoos/gauges you will enjoy this place\n\nIf you want thanksgiving dinner shoved into an unhealthy English version of a Pita Pocket you will DiiiiiiiiiEEEEEEEEEEE (Rachel Zoe ) this place.\n\nI'm naut ruckabillie but I \dig\"""" this place. It's really dark inside, and the food goes good with beer which they have much of.\n\nThere are really great/grotesquely intriguing pictures of coal miners on the walls too which are fun to look at while eating said pastys...not the nipple coverings.\n\nTRY: the pasta salad..it ain't a pasty but holy-rockabilly-hell it is effin' good!"""""""
This AJ'S isn't even on the Yelp map.  Now it is!  \n\nThis particular location is tucked away in far North Scottsdale, just before The Summit at Ashler Hills.  You can easily miss it.\n\nI am not a regular AJ'S shopper, but I was making dinner for my parents one night and was following a recipe to the T.  So I needed some speciality ingredients.  My beloved Safeway didn't carry them and then I remembered seeing this AJ'S.  They had everything I needed!  Just like other AJ'S the aisles are small, the people can be snotty, but the quality of food there is second to none.  It is definitely pricey so be prepared to drop some dough.  I would never make this my regular grocery store, but if I am going to be making a special meal here is where I would come for my supplies.\n\nThe parking lot here has covered parking for every spot!  That's what far North Scottsdale is all about!
This dark moody bar has more character in a square inch than FIVE Scottsdale bars have altogether.  Quite simply stated -- they just don't make bars like this anymore.  Chez Nous oozes bar noir cool - with the patterned neo-gothic wallpaper, 70s light fixtures, plush leather booths, and a weathered old-school sensibility.  I don't know why I haven't reviewed this yet either - having been several times.\n\nA small group of us bid farewell this past weekend to the 7th Ave/Indian School charmer of a bar that was Chez Nous.\n\nI'm gonna go out on a limb here, but in my several trips here I've found this to be the most ethnically diverse crowd one can find at an Arizona bar -- all mingling, drinking stiff drinks and dancing to 70s funk and soul in harmony (cue cheesy sappy music here).\n\nI hope the character of this bar and mix of regulars stays intact - something I worry about since it's moving to the gentrifying Roosevelt arts district in August.
Great selection and the service is decent.\n\nI came here to get some fabric for my dining room chairs.  There is so much to choose from.  Walking into the door, and not being a person who does this sort of thing, can be overwhelming.  I didn't realize all the things they had.  I didn't look at everything because I was on a mission.  But you can find any kind of fabric, material, buttons, toppers, jewelry, and more here.  I did find what I wanted, and I am very satisfied.  \n\nThe lady who helped us informed us how to reupholster the chairs the right way.  It was very helpful cause I was duh confused.  \n\nThey are crazy busy on Saturday, and the parking can be a little scary.  There is a blind spot pulling out onto Indian School and not much room to drive through the lot, just fyi.
Wow, wow, wow.  My hubby and I have been wanting to come to Breadfruit for a while.  My hubby has been to Jamaica and all over the Caribbean kiteboarding so he loves the cuisine.  We decided to have early dinner since the sitter came earlier this Saturday.  We didn't have a reservation, but that was no problem since we usually like to sit at the bar and talk to the bartenders.  Tony and Beth were so nice and efficient.  Tony just moved from Portland in  November, so we had a nice conversation with him about the area (we spend summers in OR). I had a mojito, wow, the best mojito I have had in the Valley, probably ever.  My hubby had the Caipirinha.  It was so good.  We thought we would have one appetizer and leave.  So we ordered the Scallops, then the Plantain and Avocado Spring Rolls.  They were so delicious.  The scallops were spicy, it was like fireworks in my mouth, in a good way.  I loved the sweetness of the chutney for my spring rolls.  My hubby wanted the soup of the day, the pumpkin and sweet potato soup.  I ended up eating most of it.  Since I was DD, the hubby had another drink, this time the Kingston Rum Punch, wow, that was strong but tasty.  Tony recommended the Rum Glazed Prawns and Roti Flatbread, double wow.  My hubby had a Pina Colada to wash that down. That was the best PC I've had.  Not the blended coco lopez type.   For dessert we had their bread pudding.  This was the only thing I was not that crazy about, don't get me wrong, I still ate it.  I am just used to the New Orleans type of Bread pudding, more gooey.  The experience at  Rum Bar was so great we can't wait to come back and bring friends.
I am gonna give this place 5 stars because it is what its supposed to be. They also have cheap drinks and they pour them pretty dang good. The staff is very friendly. This is the kind of place everyone ends up at on Friday and Saturday nights. Its a country bar and they play country music, but at about 1pm they place top 40 music. \nThis place is busy on Thursdays (2 for 1), Fridays, Saturdays and definitely the place to be Sunday during the day and at night. \nThis is by far the busiest gay bar in phoenix and when can get pretty packed when there is a special holiday or event. Even for the size it is. This place gets super packed for Halloween and the gay rodeo. Definitely a place to check out. \nLast Note: They take credit and debit cards but they run them in $20 increments and charge $2 bucks and give you the change back. They charge during after hours, about $3 bucks so come with a few bucks to get in.
This place is all about customization and fresh ingredients. They have a newer house blend they call WAKE UP and it really does! What I like about their standard coffee is that they have different blends, so that you're not stuck with the flavor of the day, but rather if you like a milder cup of coffee, they'll get you what you want.\n\nThe owner makes a lot of the breakfast pastrys too. When you can get it, the Pineapple Upside Down cake is delicious.\n\nThey have music on weekend mornings and FREE wireless access.
I attended here both for my undergrad and grad degrees, and this fall I will be attending as an instructor. I recommend this school (and specifically this campus) to every college-bound person I know. The small campus and classes allows for a very personalized education. You always have access to your instructors, and all of them are very personable and friendly. There's a gym, a cafeteria, a starbucks (of course), a graduate study lounge...everything you need for the complete college experience. \n\nI would highly recommended not underestimating the promptness of the parking meter employees.
I have been going to Mesha's Salon and Spa for the past 5 years and absolutley love it. I see Michelle (the owner) and she comes up with some great new looks for me. \nI have gone from short hair, funky styles and colors and long and sexy hair. She is awesome and I love her recommendations. There have been times I have gone in and not knowing what to do... and she always comes up with something that makes me feel fabulous !!\nI will never go anywhere else.
"""With 4 kids always clamoring for dessert, take my word for it when I say we've sampled just about every yogurt place in the Scottsdale area.\n\nOur family verdict is unanimous: Yogurtology is the best! Best flavors, best quality, best consistency, etc. etc.  (BTW, it's not often that you get our 4 kids to agree on ANYTHING)\n\nWe event went \Scottsdale\"""" and brought our dog this last time to sample their doggie yogurt.  She never looked up until it was gone.  And, much to our delight, she had no issues afterwards (don't want to get too graphic, but I think you all probably know what can happen when you give a dog something that doesn't agree with his/her system : )\n\nThe Oatmeal Cookie flavor rocks! Get some raisins from one of the granola canisters to complete the recipe."""""""
This place is a hidden gem. I had to beg my wife to try this place, because she is such a creature of habbit. She is so glad that I talked her into giving it a try. We shared a pulled pork bbq sandwich and salad. The food and service were above average in every way possible. The place is remodeled, so the dining area shows well. The updates are modern. I was amazed that we were the only ones dining. I think that once this place catches on it will be busy so check it out while it's still unknown. They have a nice selection of beer and there is also outdoor seating. We live very close by, so we will definatley be back!
"""Garlic, Black Olives & tomatoes and it's AWESOME!\nDough dosn't taste frozen and has a sweet/salty combo, very good. They bake it so it's never over or under done. I frequent Tessio's aka \Pizza\"""" (next to Tempe Bicycle and Top's Liquors) about once a month for their xl pizza and 24 wings special (21$).\n\nI like to call ahead, because their waiting area isn't so much fun. Sometimes I just go next door to Tops and pick out some crazy imported beer or wine to go with my pizza while I wait.\n\nTessio's is always good, never a disappointment and the people who work there remind me of the odd balls you'd meet in SF."""""""
Yum. Yum.  Yum.     The burritos here are awesome, as are the sope's, the service is super-friendly and it makes for a great quick lunch or dinner.      My girlfriend absolutely loves this place and I've become a fan as well.     Good food, good prices, good service, I'm there, and I'll be back, again and again.    Their flan is terrific and the selection of tortas and burro's is outstanding as well.     Give this place a shot, you won't regret it, beats the pants off the gringo fast-food establishments like Taco Bell.
"""I offered to help out at the recent Yelp volunteer event here. This place is fantastic. Everything from the size and capability of the facility to the staff and volunteers who are so passionate about what they do. I highly recommend anyone interested in adopting a new dog or cat into their family to consider coming here first.\n\nThough I was the only guy in the group, it didn't stop me from getting my hands dirty in the flower beds. Our job for the day was to plant some fresh crops (cabbage, cilantro, etc). Some people were tasked with finishing a rock path and also cleaning up/reinforcing the general area. We finished quickly to have more time hanging out with all the pups and kittens.\n\nI was really impressed with the AZ Humane Society and their careful attention to providing an amazing (temporary) home for all the animals there. They also help new owners take care of vaccinations and offer toys through the onsite store. As Bob Barker says, \remember to have your pets spayed or neutered!\"""" The AZHS makes it easy and affordable to do that too!"""""""
"""Yelp scottsdale and Lindsey are A1A!!!!!!  this was the YELP of all yelp events i have been invited to thus far. \n\nalthough Tanzy has been around for 2 years, i haven't tasted food this good in a long time (re: Tanzy review). Reserved for only a few Yelpers, we had at least 4 pre-appetizers even before the \real\""""appetizers arrived. followed by 5 full on entrees and 2 desserts, it was a night of gluttony and revelry. wine was pour liberally and up on entry, we were greeted with a champagne flute. \n\nit was extremely elegant and i felt like i was in an LA or NYC social event. the venue was impeccable (even the bathrooms felt ultra high end). our hosts at Tanzy, from the executive chef whom served us the velvet bread pudding to the property managers who made rounds throughout the night...everything was...how should i say....PERFECT! i still can't believe i was a part of this event, a po-ass south georgia boy dining in such an incredible setting with an incredible group of folks, hosted by an incredible event organizer. Lindsey........oh Lindsey......how can i ever express my gratitude for having you as our leader?"""""""
This was my first time eating at an actual Thai restaurant, and I loved it!  Went for lunch and our waitress was very helpful and recommended a great spicy tofu dish, which was amazing!  Lunch combo came with soup, which was sooooo good!  Our waitress said they (the servers) make it themselves during the week for lunch.  It's very light and fresh tasting...and vegetarian!  Also came with a spring roll, rice and wontons.  Our bill came to less than $20 for 2 people!  I will definitely go back!
"""I don't miss much about Portland...but what I do miss, I miss a lot!\n\nWith specific regard to good eats, I miss Lew's Dairy Freeze where they sold almost mystical coney island hot dogs...what the hell did they put in that sauce?!?!? \n\nIt was great!\n\nI also miss Sumida's...Sumida san was sushi chef of the first water...trained as a sushi master since boyhood, he was the real deal.\n\nI loved to go to Sumida's for lunch and watch sumo on the big screen TV (Sumida san had a satellite dish...live sumo:) and eat until I felt like I was going to explode...so good, so relaxed, so \homey\""""...I even got know who was who in sumo:)\n\nFlash forward through SF to Scottsdale and directly to Dozo!\n\nNo sumo on the big screen, but everything else is right at Dozo.\n\nRobert, the sushi master and owner is as scrupulous about his fish and process as Sumida san was and the results show in the sushi and sashimi...beautiful feasts for the eyes and a treat for your palette:)\nI had a business lunch there yesterday (that's right, I am getting to pick the lunch spots again:)\n\nI had the sushi and sashimi lunch...a bargain at $13!...nigiri sushi and sashimi, along with a salad and miso soup:) The sushi and sashimi are chef selections and always presented beautifully, created fresh for you, in the moment, by the sushi master:) \n\nI was going to go into detail about what he made for me but you know what, your sushi experience will be different and you should go to Dozo and try all of it...I have:)\n\nIt's a sublime experience...I think a good sushi master knows what I want better than I do:)\n\nMy lunch companion was not a sushi fan and went for the salmon teriyaki...he pronounced it some of the best he's ever had...always a reasonably good indicator of satisfaction:)\n\nThere is not much more to tell you about Dozo...I don't know if it's the best in town (I hear good things about Yasu), but it may be the best in Scottsdale:)\n\nIf they had sumo on the big screen, I might never leave:)\n\nDomo Arigato, Mr. Roberto:)"""""""
I'm writing this review while I'm on my lunch break and fantasizing in DETAIL about the Red Goat Salad mixed with pistachios, strawberries and field greens and topped with a seriously generous helping of goat cheese.  In the words of the Grand Funk Railroad, it's some kind of wonderful.  What kind?\n\nBasically, this is the best way I can sum up The Main Ingredient.\nI love A) my friends.\nI love B) TMI.\n\nA loves B, and A and B are great together.  The hardwoood flooring, low lighting and tea lights make it a cozy spot for enjoying exceptional company with exceptional food.
I am not a pet owner, but I know many dear friends who are.  I love living a healthy lifestyle that consist of exercising and consuming natural foods. When I heard about Bailey's Blend, I was stunned that there is a product that catered to pets' health that I believe in! Just as we should eat natural foods that prevent our bodies from diseases, so should our pets! I recommended the blend to my friends and they loved it!! Their dogs are full of energy and I am confident in their longevity. I enjoy taking the credit for recommending this product to them. If I ever have a dog someday, I know I will use this blend too! I love the video on their site. It really touches on the importance preventing diseases instead of waiting too late. It is what I believe in. We should all make healthy living our LIFESTYLE and not try to medicate ourselves when we are already ill.
i'd never heard of this place and we thought we'd give it a try.  i accidentally ordered a bacon buger (2 patties) with relish because i thought it came with all the default toppings, but it only came with relish.  when i took it back, the staff was nice but the owner/manager was visibly dickish about it.  the new burger i got ended up being a single patty and they said i could keep the old one.  so of course i combined and now had a triple decker.  and i pounded that bad boy.  it was awesome.  the cajun fries are also outstanding- very big fries.  i only wish this place had shakes.
The fish that they use is pretty decent.  It's not the freshest, but for the price it's definitely not bad.  I love the concept of this place, and the staff is really pleasant and patient.  What was a big selling point for me was all of the gluten free options.  Their menu is clearly labeled, and all of the soy sauce is gluten free as well.  The person behind the counter also was sure to verify any ingredients that he wasn't sure of instead of simply guessing.  I was very impressed.  And the total for my hubby and I?  under $20.
"""OMG This place is fantastic! \n\nMy kid and I ended up in Tempe Sunday morning and were hungry. I jumped on my phone and typed in \breakfast\"""" & this was closest. The reviews were good so we headed that way. The menu looked limiting & I was looking for a full breakfast but we were already there. My kid got a basic bacon, egg & cheddar bagel, and I was between Turkey Diablo & Greek Burrito. The cashier told me I absolutely must try the Turkey Diablo. That burrito was peppered turkey, jalapenos, egg, and cheese. Wow. It was so tasty! The jalapenos were just enough, the turkey was awesome. The salsa they gave me was so tasty and they had 6 different hot sauces from which to choose. We asked for a side of fruit (not on the menu) & she quickly agreed and I think charge me a buck for blueberries, strawberries and bananas. Yum! The kid got a lemonade (they offered her a free refill when were going to leave) & I had tea. The only reason I got the yummy tea was because I checked in on FourSquare and they had a special for buy a drink, get a drink. :) This was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time!"""""""
Went here this weekend with the girlfriend.  Best choice on eats I've made in awhile!\n\nFirst off, the location itself.  There is a patio facing east.  If you get there at the right time, you can enjoy a beautiful evening with your awesome food.  The inside is very cozy with a great, open floor plan.  You can see all of the friendly staff preparing your meal behind glass near the front.  I wasn't sure what to order so the manager, Ben, gave me a few of his recommendations.  After an awesome conversation, I decided on the Turkey BLT (Grilled carved turkey, smoked paprika mayo, applewood bacon, oven roasted tomatoes with romaine on sourdough) with a Citrus Basil Salad (Spring mix, citrus wedges, cucumber, fennel, caramelized walnuts with citrus basi vinaigrette).\n\nI watched them preparing a salad while I placed my order.  The girl behind the counter had just finished grilling a delicious piece of tri-tip steak.  She chopped it up and paced atop the salad.  I know what I'll be getting with my meal next time I'm here.  Looked delicious!\n\nThe food came and the line began to grow.  I arrived at the perfect time to beat the lunch rush.  My stomach was growling and it was on!  The sandwich looked like something out of a photo shoot.  Everything about it looked perfect.  The right portions of grilled turkey breast, crisp, green romaine that hung perfectly out the edges of the bread.  Speaking of the bread, it was incredibly fresh and flavorful.  One bite and I knew I was in love.  The girlfriend and I were blown away by the quality of the turkey breast.  It was grilled perfectly and had the perfect consistency.  The greens gave a great, refreshing taste to accent the turkey.  The smoked paprika mayo danced on my tongue and was the perfect amount.  The bacon was crisp and neither too thick nor too thin.  It added the perfect amount of smokiness to chase the flavor of the sandwich.\n\nMy girlfriend loved the salad.  I had several bites and will agree with many before me that have said Market Bistro has the freshest most flavorful greens around.  I felt exponentially healthier just looking at the beauty of it.  The caramelized walnuts added the perfect counter sweetness to the citrus of the dressing and fruits.\n\nDo I recommend Market Bistro?  Absolutely!  If you enjoy Paradise Bakery you will fall in love with Market Bistro.  It's the equivalent of Paradise perfected.  Kudo's to my new favorite salad and sandwich place.  \n\nAlso worth mentioning is their awesome selection of music (they have their own station on Pandora!).  You'll feel like kicking your feet up on the couch near the front and relaxing after your stomach is full!
Had to write to tell everyone of our superb dining experience at Kincaid's in Phoenix on June 15,2012\n\nWe reside within blocks of this restaurant and decided to make a party of five dinner reservation. Everything was above our expectations including our server, Drew M. \n\nStarting with the bread that was served which we wished we could obtain the recipe for, to the salads and on to the main courses everything and I mean every detail was wonderful. My wife and I eat out almost every day and our guests that evening have dined around the globe and we could not think of a better meal that we have had in recent memory. I come from a very German background and had never had better red cabbage than what was served to me that evening along with the Kobe meatloaf. Our guests all loved their steaks and seafood choices and we topped off the dinner with Key Lime pie. \n\nCongratulations on excellence in fine dining presentation. We will return!   \n\nJim S.
"""5 stars - \Woohoo! As good as it gets!\""""  Somehow this just doesn't seem fitting given the circumstances.  \n\nTo some people pets are property, to others friends and family members.  To me...well I probably had what some might consider an \""""unhealthy\"""" relationship with my cat, Jasper, whom my husband later so crudely dubbed \""""The Big Sexy.\""""  But Jasper had been with me for more than 16 years, my husband only 8.  Who would you expect to have the highest rank in the house?\n\nIt was somewhat of a last minute decision to handle Jasper's final arrangements ourselves, rather than using the service provided by our veterinarian.  And I'm glad that we did.  I was impressed with the services Fairwinds offers. Their focus is as much on those \""""surviving\"""" the loss, as well as the pet.  \n\nMary and Fairwinds are available to retrieve your pet valley-wide 24/7.  You may also bring your pet to them (no charge during regular business hours).  Fairwinds' services range from just the cremation to a clergy-presided service, and everything in between.   Mary will gladly accommodate special requests as well (paw impressions for example). \n\nWe opted to take the Sexy in ourselves, and were warmly greeted by Mary and two new friends of the canine variety.  They were blissfully unaware that funeral homes are to be quiet, yet they were oddly comforting, especially to my husband who has always been a dog person.\n\nAll cremations are not only individual, but private as well (meaning only one animal at a time is cremated).  There are procedures in place upon your pet's arrival to ensure there are no mix-ups either.  I was 100% confident I would not be crying over a little bit of my Mr Man and a little bit of someone's schnauzer.  The website lists the pricing, but you can also choose just the services important to you, and not a \""""package.\"""" \n\nMary handled the details professionally and personally.  It is clear she has a deep understanding of the bond some of us have with our pets, and she does everything she can to respect that bond.  Jasper's ashes were ready within 2 days.  We were given our keepsakes, a big hug, and resources should I need some serious therapy.  \n\nSo yes, Mary is \""""as good as it gets.\""""  I hope my fellow Yelpers don't need to use her services, but she will be there if you do."""""""
Best Sunday Brunch Place in town!!!\n\nVisited Chelsea's Kitchen for Brunch for the first time on Sunday and we couldn't have been happier with the service or the food.\n\nThe managers Chris and Matt, and our server Lilly, made our visit the most pleasant and memorable we have had for a long time. We felt very welcome and special from the start, when we were seated at a wonderful table, to the finish, when Chris packaged some of those wonderful sea salt chocolate cookies to take home with us.We  seemed to never be without someone refilling our water or wine glasses, or suggesting something new try.   \n\nThe service aside, I was impressed by the prices of everything, very reasonable, nothing over $20 on the brunch menu except for a few specialty beef items, most everything mid $10s. I was equally impressed by the wine selection and prices, it being Sunday Brunch we settled on a Bottle of Prosecca which they had for only $28, what a steal, and it was fabulous. I even wrote it down so I could buy it myself later.\n\n\nThe food equaled the service, it was all absolutely marvelous.\n\nWe had the Deviled Eggs for an appetizer, we order the small serving which was our mistake because they were so good we ended up ordering another. \n\nThen for Brunch amongst us,  we ordered the French Omelet, the Day Break Omelet and the Brussel Sprout Salad. They all went perfectly well with the Prosecca. I had the French Omelet and  it was the best Omelet I have had in a long time. First it was huge, second it was perfectly cooked, the eggs were light and fluffy, third, it was filled with this incredible melted Guyere Cheese and fresh spinach. I tried the Day Break Omelet as well and it was equally as good, and health conscious to boot. I also tried the Brussel Sprout Salad, I had never had anything like it before in my life. The sprouts weren't wilted and soggy like you normally expect, these were green, crisp, perfectly cooked. The crisp srouts coupled with the saltiness of the bacon and the sharpness of the long shavings of Manchego cheese made it a perfectly balanced salad with tons of flavor and textures. I will definately order it again the next time we visit. \n\nFor desert, we had the French Press coffee which is always a favorite of ours when its available, and it was wonderful here. We tried to pass on desert, in an attempt at being good, but then Chris convinced us to try the seasonal Pumpkin Pie, evidently it is only available this month, THANKS CHRIS!!!!, it was the best Pumpkin Pie I had ever had, truly, you should go this month and try it before it is gone. I can tell you we will go back for it, and all the rest of the increadible food and service at  Chelsea's Kitchen, you can't go wrong there, we highly recommend it, its a new favorite place to go.
"""Absolutely loved it! I came here with the boyfriend for dinner last week and enjoyed every moment of it...\n\nChicken Cordon Bleu with 4 sides: rosti, tomato basil salad, cole slaw and spinach salad.\n\nChicken was moist and the cheese and ham complimented it nicely. The mushroom sauce was great, not too salty - loved that. Rosti was like a mashed potato pancake. I liked the crispy crust on both sides. It was tasty with some mushroom gravy on top. Tomato basil salad was light and refreshing. Cole slaw was tangy and not overly creamy-probably my favorite side. The dressing on the spinach salad was good. I think it was honey mustard. \n\nSchnitzel with 4 sides: pan fried thyme potatoes, tomato basil salad, green beans, and I forgot the other.\n\nPork Schnitzel was pretty good. Not as good as the chicken but same great mushroom gravy came with it. Thyme potatoes had nice spice and texture. Didn't try the green beans because I hate canned green beans but the BF said it was good. Same tomato basil salad as other plate.\n\nWe also got a small poutine to share. I have been craving this for weeks-ever since a friend of mine went to Canada and kept posting pictures of it on FB! Thought it would finally satisfy my craving but only made it worst because now I constantly think about going back for more! It was so good!\n\nWe stuffed ourselves silly, but had to get a beaver cookie to take home to try. I was eyeing these from our table and made my mind to get one because everyone was buying 4-5 of these to take home when they were leaving. Needless to say it didn't even make it to the car before we devoured it. I'm a sucker for cookies with almonds!\n\nThis is awesome comfort food to the max. Yes, it's on the heavy side so I wouldn't have it often but it's definitely a place I would come to on my \I don't care about dieting, I'm stuffing my face\"""" days."""""""
we walked in, it was a ghost town at 5pm, walked up- ordered our dishes and special priced beers ( Stella and Shock top ale super cheap) and like 30 seconds later it was called out ready to go!! My bf says he sees this place smoking all their stuff early in the morning and the result: DELICIOUS RIBS!!! literally fall off the bone hell- i could have EATEN the bone it was all slow cooked to perfection. Baked beans, potato salad all delicious. I made a point to compliment the owner and he treated me to their HOMEMADE ice cream (vanilla bean) to take home =-) we WILL be back and this time, I'm bringing more people. I tell as many people I can about this unknown treasure we have finally discovered.
I have to say that I love this place! We have been going here for years for so many different occasions and I think thats why I love it so much. It is great for special days, like anniversaries or birthdays and my favorite time, Sunday night at the bar. \n\nMy favorite things to eat are: The mussels, the pizza, Mr. Fish of the moment, the chocolate cake, the meatballs, and those little apple bites he won on Iron Chef. \n\nWe love Jim and Harry and Patrick too! The people working there have been there for years and its always nice to see the familiar faces.
I just moved to Phoenix, and the first thing my parents tasked me to do, was to find a great place for ice cream for when they visited.  I did a search here on Yelp, and found Angel Sweet.  A few days later, I found myself finally walking in, not really sure what to expect.\n\nThe amount of flavors they had was impressive.  There weren't 100 flavors, but they were very diverse.  They are very willing to give you samples, so don't be afraid to ask.  I tried the Coffee and the Super Dark Chocolate, but I pretty much wanted to try them all.  However, both were extremely good.  I was pleased to see they had a 4 oz. kid size, which was perfect.  Not too much, not too little.\n\nThe store was clean and tidy.  In fact, when the employees weren't busy scooping ice cream, they were cleaning.  I like to see that type of pride in work in the food service industry.\n\nI will definitely bring my parents here next week.
I've lived in the Phoenix area for eight years and have eaten at dozens of different Mexican places looking for the best food. Rosita's Place has consistently come out on top. Their refried beans are the best I've ever eaten. Let me say that again: their refried beans are the best I've ever eaten. I like their carne asada burrito and their green chili is also good. \n\nThe building looks a little worn from the outside, but inside it's very clean and the service is always good. I wish they had other locations because it's a long drive from where I live in Chandler.
This isn't the same place I visited a couple of weeks ago.  A full, bustling bar, live music on the patio, a warm welcome and an open kitchen!  \n\nOnce seated on the practically hidden, cute back patio, I started with a kicky Texas Mule.  Man oh man, I will be drinking a few of these this summer, I can already tell.  Refreshing & sexy.  \n\nOn to the starter.... The calamari had a nice peppery batter and was paired with an unexpected sweet & spicy Asian-type sauce.  If I'm going to have fried food, this is the kind of thing I want to be spending those calories on!  For the main course, I was presented with a perfectly cooked, generous portion of Sea Bass with spaetzel.  The tomato vinagrette was delicate and warm, with just enough acid to complement the delicate fish without over-powering.  Both of us ordered the Sea Bass and both of us sent back clean plates to the kitchen.  No dessert thanks - we are stuffed!\n\nI don't know what kind of Twilight Zone-esque black hole I walked into on my previous visit here, but it must have been some alternate reality 5th & Wine.  Tonight's 5th & Wine was fantastic!
I love In n Out. And since I'm the Duke, guess I've got to write a review on it right?\n\nThe food here is by far the best you get for the price you pay. Only complaint is I wish they had Bacon for my burger, but that'd probably be not good for my health! I love their hours as well, they are open very late even on weekdays (1:30 I believe?). They are always clean with friendly service.\n\nWhether you're getting a burger, fries, or a shake, you'll definitely be pleased!\n\nAnd you can hit up the drive thru too!
I admit it, I am a Trader Joe's junkie.  I love TJ's!  Their demo counter becomes part of my household staples.  Everything is so good and their Staff is always friendly and helpful!  Some of my favorites are:\n\n- Frozen mashed potatoes (ok, this is one of those items that it is almost embarrassing to admit that I don't make myself but, they are so darn good that if you tried them, you would understand)\n- Frozen breaded chicken tenderloin breasts\n- Wine Country pecan and cranberry chicken salad filling\n- White meat chicken salad filling\n- Frozen Mandarin Orange Chicken along with Veggie Fried Rice\n- Sliced cheese platter\n- Asiago bread - dip it in olive oil & balsamic vinegar...mmmmm\n- The red licorice from Australia\n- Frozen leeks (no more washing the dirt out of ever crevice!)\n- Oh the nuts!!!  The omega trek mix, sunflower seeds, pepitas, marcona almonds and dried cranberries\n- Potstickers\n- Frozen Thai Sticks\n- Mushroom Tortellini with asparagus\n\nIt is the best for Single Girl dinners:\n\n- Chicken Chile Burritos\n- Tikka Marsala\n\nIf they were a publicly traded company, I would be the first to buy their stock!  Love them.
"""In a word.....Divine!\n\nMy colleague and I always choose something a bit more upscale on our last dinner in town on business trips and we were very happy with our choice to dine at Tommy V's. \n\nThe wine selection to start was good and had some \off-the-beaten-path\"""" choices. The plates were equally wonderful. \n\nMy colleague is a sucker for pasta and therefore chose the Carbonara. I had a taste and thought it was very nice. Not as creamy as Carbonara is usually served on the East Coast but really nice. Very flavorful and just a tad lighter than normal. I had the Sea bass and it was very tasty with the lentils.\n\nThe service was good and the premises very clean and attractive. Looking forward to return trips to the area so I can enjoy this restaurant again.\n\nEnjoy!"""""""
"""Don't mean to bore you folks, but I gotta tell you this.  Yesterday I went to buy some chicken and pork chops that were on-sale and just couldn't resist getting some menudo for an early lunch.  They serve menudo only on the weekends.  I got the \big bowl\"""" for only $6.50!!  And it was a huge, freaking bowl.  And it was the best menudo I have ever had.  I must admit that I love menudo and have had it at about 5 other places here in AZ, but this was the best I have ever had."""""""
We were staying at the Pointe Hilton Squaw Peak.  Had a long chat the concierge about the local restaurants.  My favorite North Phoenix restaurants happened to be the same is his (Hana for Sushi, etc).  We wanted top notch meat but are very picky. We refuse to eat grain fed or medicated meat.  He was excited to tell us about Sierra Bonita.  Grass fed, local beef, exceptional flavor, tex-mex etc.  \n\nIt is a definite top of list choice for anyone visiting Phoneix.  Close to Biltmore and the Pointe hotels.  Close to Downtown.  \n\nEverything was excellent.  Service, Food, appetizers, cocktails. Desert-  Bread pudding and chocolate something to die for.
I have not stayed here but dined here for brunch once. Quite honestly, I am really not a breakfast gal, so I DEVOURED their deliciously fresh sushi and ceviche salad. (But if you do love breakfast THIS is the place to be! I couldn't believe the selctions and all of the stations...it was seriously a bit overwhelming!) The service was phenomenal while equally appealing were the amazing views. Although expensive it is well worth the money as the experience you won't soon forget!
Postino is one of my favorite places around. It is such a cute little place in an old post office that opens up so there is an inside area and also a patio area but the inside area is breezy and still sort of outdoors. Their bruschetta is soooo good! My favorites are the apple & brie and also the roasted peppers with goat cheese. Their sandwiches, salads and soups are all really good as well. I never leave here feeling grossly full or guilty about what I ate, everything is fresh and the portions are good. There is tons of different wine and they are very informative and thorough if you ask about the wine selections! Well priced, great place to meet up with friends or go on a date. I've never had a bad experience here--service, food, wine, all good.Cute location too. I would suggest doing the Valet parking because spaces to park are extremely limited. There is a small parking lot across the street but it fills up fast. Also, if you sign up to be on their email list, you get a coupon for a free plank of bruschetta!!
Holy cow, I didn't realize I hadn't had the chicken here when I wrote my first review.\n\nThis place has become our unofficial work conference room.  Everyone is drawn to the magical chicken - moist and tender, with a crispy skin that bursts with flavor.  And ridiculously cheap - $10 for the whole bird, with fixin's.  The frijoles charros they serve before meals is worth the trip alone - I don't know what they do to them (it definitely involves bacon), but they are fantastic.
"""I was so happy we decided to go to Union.  I read about the opening yesterday and since we couldn't make the James Bond movie, I wanted to do something different.  And indeed we did that.  It was so much fun to go to the recently opened UNION.  It is attached to the Biltmore Fashion Park.  When I went in, it reminded me of a miniature Chelsey market, with their little boutique stores, so awesome.  After walking around the different stores, we decided to grab a bite at Trattoria del Piero. I was impressed that for opening night, this was run so perfectly.   This place is run by Lisa G. and it is owned by the people from Queen Creek Olive Mill.  Lisa came to our table since I had a special request.  I was already blowing my diet with the drink so I wanted to make a little change in one of the dishes, she was very accommodating and very nice.  My drink was worth the calories, I had the Limoncello martini.  My salad was delicious, I had the Fruta di Mare.  My hubby  had Lisa's bowl of balls as a grinder and the Union Cocktail.  The place is really neat, so eclectic, cute little hipster girls with the berets and the guys with their funky black arrow like earrings and scarves. On another table, \old school\"""" older Arizonan who knows everyone.  So different and great at the same time, not a single Ed Hardy shirt in sight, yay! We bought a box of the cupcakes \""""for the twins\"""", wink, wink.\nI can't wait to come back"""""""
The Cracker Barrel is the equivalent to a trip to heaven. The downside is that once you leave the place you miss it. The food is fabulous all the time. At the Casa Grande location I ordered my dinner which consisted of a lemonade, lemon pepper grilled rainbow trout with pinto beans, country green beans and mashed potatoes with dark gravy. Even though the trout is not a type of fish with a strong flavor, I still enjoyed the plate very much. The seasoning was good and it was well balanced. I should point out that this place really deserves 5 stars and not 3 just like at this point in time (Sep 2012). Hail to the Cracker Barrel!
"""I asked my daughter where she wanted to go and have dinner. She texted me back, \Cornish Pasty\"""". I thought that she had dropped the \""""r\"""" in Pasty. I, not being of supreme intelligence, thought it was \""""Pastry\"""". So, I Googled, \""""Cornish Pastry\"""". The search result returned \""""Cornish Pasty\"""". Still, in my supreme intellect, I thought, oh they dropped the \""""r\"""" in Pasty. I clicked on the link to their site and then I realized that I, again, had been fooled by my supreme intelligence and in fact, the correct spelling was \""""Pasty\"""".\n\nNow, on to the hard part. I still hadn't had my V8 moment because I didn't know that a \""""Pasty\"""" was a culinary item. As I began to search the menu online, I thought to myself ( I would have thought to someone else, but no one was around) \""""Hey, wait a second......Pasties are a dish!!!\"""". But, now having seen the fare (albeit electronically), I knew I would love this food.\n\nAs with previous reviews the place is narrow and small. But, what they lack in structure, they make up for in ambiance, knowledge and service. I ordered the Bangers & Mash and my daughter ordered the Eggplant Parmesan. All I can say is WOW. The pasties were excellent. And, for dessert we ordered the Chocolate Bread and Butter pudding with creme anglaise. One of the best desserts I have ever had. I have truly expanded my culinary palette."""""""
Great food-CHECK\nGreat vibe-CHECK\nGreat staff-CHECK\nTheres not many places that will make me go and have more of their great food two days after i went for the first time.\nUntil a few weeks before i went to the Cornish pasty i didnt even know what a pasty was....until my Michigan roommates told me. So i gave it a try, what hooked me was the spicy chicken asiago pasty, its out of this world....i think their crust is their main key ingridient, its tasty, light and flaky.\nMy second time there i tried the chicken masala and it was great for my spicy taste but it may be too spicy for most people. I also had the cajun pasty and it was equally great, the ham inside have it an unexpected pleasant flavor.\nIf you havent been there, you are not making yourself any favors, this hole in the wall is every bit as good as its 5-star rating and prob more!
Without a doubt one of the top Espresso stops in all of Phoenix. Tucked away off the main drag, Cartel serves some serious brew and my espresso shots are always like beautiful works of multi-crema art.\n\nThe atmosphere is also mellow and open, and a bit less pretentious compared with my other fave LUX on Central.\n\nTake a bag of beans home - The owners tour the world to hand select their beans and then roast them in-house, and the delicious result can be tasted in every sip.
Joe Wilkes at Gerber on West Broadway was the only good thing about my most recent car accident. I was very frustrated because I was not at fault in this incident, had numerous agents and adjusters fail to call me when they said they would, and was embroiled in insurance issues. \n\nJoe however, called me back every time, was extremely courteous, very communicative, and went above and beyond with my repairs. I've had repairs done in other places where they get you in and out and couldn't care less about your experience. Joe was empathetic and professional, and when I told him during our initial phone call that it was a mess of a situation, he actually asked me to explain to him what was going on so he could possibly help. \n\nMy car was ready when it was promised. And when I saw it I couldn't believe it - the job the team did on my car made it look better than new. Joe took the time afterward to explain every detail on my final work receipt so that I would understand what they had done.\n\nAmber at the front called the rental agency for me so I could just hop in my repaired car and go without worrying about returning my rental. My experience with Gerber was stress-free and unbelievably easy.\n\nI hadn't heard of Gerber before and would now recommend them in a heartbeat to others. And I'll confidently give them my business again in the future.
We dined here prior to seeing a movie on a Monday night.\nWe lucked out and were able to check out their Happy Hour.  It is delicious food for an amazing value.  \nWe ordered a couple sushi rolls and the Lettuce Wraps.  We enjoyed everything we ordered.  \nTheir patio is great and even though it was warm out we were able to sit at the outdoor bar due to some great mister/coolers they have.  The service was good even though they were busy.  \nWe will definitely return!
"""Went there for lunch on March 27 and was part of a large group of 10 and was very pleased with the meal and the service.  The wait-staff were really first rate and very attentive to all of our needs.\nMy chicken salad was very tasty.  I liked my panini..but it lacked a little in taste.  There was a little mistake on one of our orders, but managment brought over a plate of chicken salad to sample while waiting for the order to be corrected....GREAT customer service!\nIt is so pleasant to have such nice service...especially when you consider the \herd you in\"""" and serve yourself service that is offered in establishments on two other corners of this intersection.\nGood luck Postino!"""""""
"""Ever eat at a Steak 'n Shake?  That's what Freddy's is: a Steak 'N Shake kind of burger and it's delicious! \n\nI liked the fries too: very thin, perfectly hot, not too much salt.\n\nNice people, the manager made it a point to get me my meal hot-off-the-grill, even though I came ahead of the \call\"""" and again he met me while he was cleaning tables.  {See my review of \""""The Habit\"""": their manager never greets customers, can't solve problems from behind a door, always hiding in his office.}  Freddy's Manager was OUTFRONT, ALL THE TIME, WORKING HARD!  \n\nGreat burger.  Next time I'll get the frozen custard.  I was too full from my triple cheese, CALIFORNIA STYLE-BABY!"""""""
"""I was eating at Westville in New York, NY a few years ago and got into a conversation about food with a guy at a neighboring table. Eventually, talk turned to pizza. As it does in New York. And he told me about Pizzeria Bianco. And he said it was one of the best, perhaps the best, pizza in the USA. And of course I thought, this cannot be true. Because it's not in New York. Call it prejudice, and you'd probably be right, but New Yorkers are incapable of believing ANYTHING in New York is not the best of whatever it is. Pizza especially! Well, Pizzeria Bianco lives up to its reputation. I went twice while visiting Phoenix recently (second time was quite a long, New York-style wait) and had everything on the menu. Holy shit. Amazing. Many people I went with also thought \best pizza I've ever had.\"""" One old curmudgeonly guy wasn't impressed, but he's that old guy that's not impressed by anything, so forget him for now. I liked it. Especially the white pies! Which NEVER happens because I usually think FUCK PIZZA WITH NO TOMATO SAUCE. I was WRONG. The Rosa is FUCKING INCREDIBLE. GET IT. And more. And go back. I had to wait years to visit. It was worth it. Read my other reviews. I'm not usually this nice, even when I'm nice."""""""
"""Shady gets five stars from me. Mostly, I loved the service. I hear so many people complain about the sarcastic bartenders...but they were nothing but sweethearts to me. They made us all kinds of fruity drinks. We were the kind of customers who said, \I don't know what I want, surprise me\"""" and they seemed to have fun with it, and the drinks were always delicious. My favorites were the Drink to Remember and the Vulcan Mind-F*ck. \n\nIt's kind of a dark and dingy bar, but there's plenty of bar space, pool tables, and a nice patio to smoke on. Out of all the bars I went to while I was in Phoenix, this was the one I felt the most comfortable at. Maybe it's because I'm Alaskan, or maybe Shady's is just that awesome."""""""
This is the kinda place you drive 30+ mins to go to. \n\nWas that a good opener? I thought so. Anyway, I made a new friend in Gilbert and I live in Uptown Phx but wanted to go to her hood to hang out and save her the drive. So I looked up some good places to eat via Mouth by Southwest and low and behold I found this gem and knew I had to go.\n\nWe both got Fontina Burgers, which were amazing. She had the tasty onion rings as a side and I got myself some Asian slaw, both were awesome. I loved my strawberry lemonade more than most people should like any beverage. \n\nI've been trying to get my friend to move up to Phx, where all the action is, but there's one thing she's got that we don't: Joe's Farm Grill. That should be her claim to fame down there. I will be visiting her more often and can't wait to try more things on the menu. Next up, BBQ Chicken Pizza?
I have been remiss in not writing my review sooner; Razz's is now closed for summer.  I enjoyed the best meal I've ever had in my 7.5 years living in Phoenix at Razz's earlier this year.  I couldn't even tell you all the delicious things I ate now, but that's exactly the point.  I didn't order for myself - I sat at the bar and ordered the Chef's tasting menu.  Razz himself decided what he wanted us to have and stayed with us thoughout the entire meal.  He is quite the entertainer and a very interesting man, to boot.  He knows his food is good and he will certainly be happy to tell you!  The time he takes off during the summer he spends traveling the world and tasting food from all over, so he knows how his cuisine measures up.\n\nDon't let the strip mall location fool you - the inside is quite quaint and if you're going to spend the money to get a good meal in this town, turst me you won't be disappointed!
If Clark Griswold could only see this. He would sure be proud of the Christmas spectacle and light show that goes on at The Coach House each year during the holidays. It's the oldest bar in Scottsdale and has earned some major points with locals in the area. It's your typical dive bar, but during the holiday times the entire place is wrapped in holiday wrapping paper and then doused in twinkle lights, ornaments, tinsel and Christmas spirit. \n\nEven when it doesn't look like Christmas threw up all over the place the Coach House is still a great end to the night. The mix of clientele makes it good for pretty much any ages (minus those 21 and under obviously). You best be on some good behaviour or at least be able to decently hold your liquour because this place doesn't put up with crap. They'll kick you out with no hesitation, but hey it's not me they are kicking out so I continue to love the place. \n\nEveryone must go during the holidays though.
Damn you, Maizie's... Why are you so damn delicious?!\n\nMaizie's has become my temptress as of late, luring me out of the confines of my apartment to dine on oh-so-delicious food, and drink great local beers all while not breaking the bank. I'm honestly more than a fan of this conveniently located restaurant. Maizie's is a well-decorated and well-staffed eatery with a menu that has the ability to please almost any craving a diner could have. I've yet to have a bad experience here whether it be with the food or with the staff. Also, they have some fantastic daily specials and a happy hour (M-F / 3-6) that rivals most in the valley. \n\nSome of the dishes I've tried include their Wingless Buffalo Dip, Bistro Tender Steak, Pizza Burger and the Matt's Pesto Manifesto Pizza. The dip was a bit much for me due to sheer guilt, but it was exactly what you would expect it to be, and the steak sandwich was above average, but just a steak sandwich. The other items though are fan-FLIPPIN-tastic! That pesto they use hits some high marks for me, and I find myself craving it much like crack-rock when I don't have it after a while.\n\nEvery experience at Maizie's so far has been a great one for me, and I waited until many visits went by before writing this review. It's probably not for everyone, but it's one of my favorite spots for sure.
"""After last night I asked myself, \Why have I never been here before?\"""" \nIt was a slow Thursday night but the service certainly wasn't. \n\nI hate when I go into a restaurant that has six customers (your party being two of them) and the service is ridiculously slow (see my review on Casa Philipina.) \n\nMy friend, who brought me into this quaint eatery last night, is pure Pakistani. She raved about how amazing this family owned cafe and market reminded her of home and how they served the best lentil soup and grilled lemon chicken. \n\nI was impressed. Extremely. \n\nThe soup was fantastic, the pita bread was warm and begged for me to dip it in a mixture of hummus and cilantro. When the dish came out I stared at it in awe and proceeded to dig in! The rice and chicken was abundant! The chicken was seasoned to perfection and juicy, the hummus and garlic paste was a perfect companion. \n\nMy friend then had me share a mango juice and baklava with her and I was in heaven! \n\nI'm also into hookah so I was impressed with the hookah selection and tobacco! Very reasonably priced!"""""""
Every time I travel to Phoenix, I go to Miracle Mile. It is usually my first stop after I leave the airport. While San Francisco (where I am from) is known for its world-class restaurants, there are no great delis. Every deli in my city--from the traditional deli to the is-this-meat-or-is-this-tofu deli--pales in comparison to Miracle Mile. Either the deli has day-old, rubber-like meat or has bread so stale that a pigeon wouldn't eat it.\n \n\nThe sandwiches at Miracle Mile, in stark contrast to all of the other delis I've frequented, provide the perfect marriage between great meat and great bread. Their brisket and pastrami sandwiches are so good that every time I bite into them, I'm transported to another realm of consciousness!
OK, I'll start with a disclaimer, I absolutely adore the people that run this restaurant and have been going to their restaurant since I moved to Phoenix around '91 (two locations ago).\nHowever, I have taken countless people to try the food from my native country and EVERYONE has LOVED it.   From my vegetarian to foodie (or chowhound) friends have found something (usually more) that keeps them coming back. Many thank me for having introduce them to this jewel of a restaurant. \nMy favorite is the Mojarra Frita becaus it brings back memories of growing up in beautiful El Salvador.  I recommend the Especial Combinacion de Eliana's for first time visitors -- it has a Salvadorean tamale wrapped in banana leaf and is moist like a mousse; the tradtional pupusa and a savory turnover called Pasteles ($6).  For a hearty meal, the I recommend the Bistec (beef)  or Pollo (chicken) dishes that come with salad, rice, beans and Salvadorean tortillas ($8.95)..\nAfter reading some of the reviews, I just liked to say, thank you for trying out this food but it is not Mexican food.  I can recommend some of those if you msg me
Found Tarbell's on Yelp - we really didn't know any restaurants near where we were staying and liked what I saw in reviews and pictures.  Made reservations for same day - within an hour and because it was Thurs night, we were able to get it.  Probably wouldn't work on a Fri/Sat!\n\nThe food was delicious, the service impeccable.  And Mark Tarbell was such a gracious host, came to our table a couple of times - it was our anniversary and he wanted us to have dessert on the house.\n\nThe Summer bouillabaisse my husband had was wonderful, and my ribbon pasta with fennel chicken sausage was superb!  We had their new menu item as a  starter:  grilled peaches, bacon, balsamic, etc.  A WONDERFUL summer starter, light but what a great flavor combo!\n\nAll in all couldn't have asked for a better dinner with a great staff!\n\nOnly downside was when we actually ordered 2 desserts, that was 1 too much for 2 people - other portions were perfect, desserts are LARGE!  But we couldn't decide between the classic chocolate mousse (YUMMY!) and the Bread pudding with Kentucky Bourbon sauce -so we ordered both.  And both were outstanding - but TOOO BIG!!!  OK so that's not really a bad thing!!!!
Okay, so I've already been shouting from the roof tops of Zoyo's greatness. But now I even more have to commit to giving them FIVE stars because of there amazing customer service. Which in the end is what pulls us all back some places. \nMy daughter is allergic to dairy and on her birthday they were out. And even though it was only important to me, the ears of the great and powerful management heard me. They actually gave a personal response of concern, as well as gifting me a free yogurt. Most places may get a complaint/concern and then move on. But Zoyo is that great and values their clientele. I've spoken to a few of the employees there and all have been very personable, unlike other froyo places I've been...ie Mojo, etc. So with a great open colorful convienent inexpensive froyo place that welcomes all ages, this is the place you have got to become devoted to. Join in the Zoyo revolution.
Amazing service. Our waiter knew his wines and I was pretty happy with the one I got. I love a burger joint where I can order wine with my burger. Fries with truffle oil and parmesan were delicious. Zucchini fries were interesting and good too. I got the Kobe beef burger, medium rare, with grilled onions and the regular suggested toppings. Very delicious and juicy. One of the best burgers I've had. Totally worth paying more for the Kobe beef than the regular stuff, and though I haven't tried the regular stuff I was more than satisfied with the Kobe. Their milkshakes bring the boys and girls to the yard, too. No room for dessert unfortunately.
One of my favourite restaurants in Phoenix.  I would go every week if I could.  It's cheap, and has a great atmosphere, friendly service, and fantastic food.\n\nI almost always order the Ensalada Cortada and the Elote Callejero (grilled corn with cotjia and paprika... so phenomenal!), but their tacos are also delicious.  They also... and this is odd for a Mexican restaurant, but it's true... have the best french fries in Phoenix.  So I usually try to get whoever I'm going with to share a plate with me.  Their guacamole is also veryveryvery good.  \n\nThey get their veggies from Maya's Farm, so everything is local and organic.  Fabulous bonus.\n\nThe acoustics do make this place pretty loud Wed-Sat evenings, but I like the liveliness of it.  Quieter if you go Sun-Tues, or sit outside on the patio.\n\nHighly recommend!
On the way to the first baseball games in the morning on Sunday and highly in need of coffee and a pastry. So, we were looking for one of the chains and were pleasantly surprised to find this place. I am always a proponent of supporting the local shops over the chains, and I was pleased to find that the quality was not lacking. The place is very cute. There are lots of choices for the coffee and some great fresh pastries. I had a freshly baked pumpkin scone and a sugar free vanilla latte. It was perfect. The scone was huge and the latte was just the way I like it. It was the perfect start to the morning. \n\nIt seems that if I had had more time, this place would have been the perfect place to visit for things other than just having coffee. This place also offers salsa lessons and many other events. Definitely something to check out on another visit to Scottsdale.
I think this is the best wine bar in the east valley.  They have a cool patio and inside a few comfy couches by a fireplace.  They give you a free cheese or meat board with a bottle of wine so i rarely need to order any food.  Prices are good and so is service.  Great place for a romantic evening or a few wine-o friends.  I have not had much food there but the free (with bottle order) cheese plates and charcuterie boards are more than enough for me to eat.  If you are not a wine person they also have some real nice beers on the menu including one of my favorites, Four Peaks 8th Street Ale.  Good to see them support their local breweries.
My dreams came true a few months ago...when someone told me they were opening a Rita's in Phoenix!!! I'm from PA and Rita's is a summertime STAPLE back east. There was nothing like it out here and I was SO EXCITED to see one open up. I dusted off my Rita's giftcard that I received as a stocking stuffer last Christmas from  my east coast family and hopped in the car after an exhausting track workout. Nevermind that I live nowhere near the location; I was willing to drive. \n\nI've been to this Rita's twice and have not been disappointed. The staff is super friendly and helpful; the Italian ice is always delicious. I only wish there were a location in central Phoenix, as Glendale really is a hike for me. But the distance just  gives me an excuse to bring a quart home :)
Completely incredible. We had the burrata salad, the original chopped salad and the chicken over risotto. All were masterfully made with perfect, fresh ingredients. The place is not overly fussy, but the food is clearly made my someone with a great deal of skill. It was inventive but not too far out there. And it was so well crafted, but not over worked.  A difficult balance to strike, in my opinion. Our very memorable and charismatic waiter was Gary. And despite his big personality, he knew exactly when we needed him and exactly when we wanted to be left alone with our perfect food. Exceptional experience overall.
Great place to purchase kitchen gadgets. They have EVERYTHING here. Things I can't find at Ikea, Cost Plus, Target, etc. can always turn up at Sur La Table. There is a myth that things here are overpriced, and that is bunk. If you compare the same item at SLT and say Target, they will be about the same, thing is SLT really only carries high end products, whereas at other places you can pay a lower price by purchasing off-brand crap.\n\nGreat selection of Shun knives (they have other brands too but I'm partial to Shun.)
I really enjoy this place...their iced coffee with cream is wonderful!!  Their coffee is AMAZING!! The taste is like no other...it almost has this sweet quality to it.  They have huge cups that are great because I like to have biggest iced coffee possible!  They have a a great thai iced tea as well...you do not see that often at many places.  The people behind counter are so nice and friendly.  The first time I went there I spoke to the guy behind the counter for like 20 minutes.  He was awesome!  I wish it were on my way to work, but it definitely has become my weekend spot.  I go here about once a week!
This is my new favorite spot. There, I said it. Find me there, often.\n\nI like the airiness in here a lot. There's lots of little tables, couches and a cool bar. Great combination of fresh wood paneling on the ceiling and weathered concrete on the floor. I like that everyone here seems to be having a great time. It's comfort food in the neighborhood, and you're invited. Esthetically, it's exactly what I look for in a restaurant: it can be packed but feel like you're the only one there. Perfect. The bar is spacious enough that I'd come even if the food sucked. Luckily, their gin and tonics -- with homemade gin and a cucumber twist -- are absolutely refreshing and just unique enough to warrant some serious excitement.\n\nAnd the food? Stick-to-your-ribs good. The citrus brined fried chicken is something you have to taste to believe. The kosher salt on the skin (which, by the way, is not gooey and soaked in oil, but crispy like no skin I've had before -- Popeye's, take note!) sticks like a long-lost lover. It's a thing of beauty. And how about the baked garlic and crostini? Simple, yes, but the garlic is tender and not at all overpowering, so you've got a winner there as well.\n\nI'm determined to try many, many more items here. And have many more gin and tonics.
I wish I would have found this place must sooner!! Rocket Burger & Subs, where have you been?  This place is amazing!  Their food is fresh ~ cooked after it's ordered.  They have several burger and sandwich options to chooses from with different sides.  They have the LARGEST cola in a bottle selection I've ever seen and they have super service!\n\nFood~ Rocket burger was awesome! burger patties cooked to perfection and trimmed to fit on a sub role.  The role was fresh and my burger came with lots of veggies and dressing.  The fries were awesome ~ cooked fresh like mom makes them.  We also had their onion rings based on the Yelp reviews, YUM!  The cola selection is mind blowing! I'm going to keep coming back until I've tried each one : -)
Best bagels in arizona!! They blueberry bagels with blueberry creme cheese is amazing!! They are fresh daily, never hard or lacking flavor. They owners are amazing and the people definitely are friendly and remember me no matter how often or little I am in there. The prices are right and they will go above and beyond to toast your bagel exactly the way you want it! Even the young people there are very friendly and inviting!! Check it out and hit the gym next door, to keep that spare tire at bay! ;)
"""I have taken my pup and kitty to Dr. Kanarish a few times and he and his staff are incredible! When I had my pup spayed, he called to let me know how she did and called a couple days after the surgery to check on her. Over this past weekend I took both my pup and kitty there for boarding and they emailed me daily with updates. I am not talking about an auto-generated \everything is great\"""" email, the Dr. emailed me personally giving me details of how they were doing and what they were doing! Katie even emailed me and described how my kitty was hiding under his pillow and meowing everytime she passed his kennel! \nI have been to other vets before and no one can compare to Dr. Kanarish and the Phoenix Mountain Animal Hospital staff. You can tell he loves animals and I wouldn't trust my babies to be in the care of anyone else."""""""
What's to say about a place that always has a line of people outside waiting to get in? Not really much except that the food has got to be good! I got the chorizo burrito and it was out of this world, I had heard this place was good but when you actually go there the first time and all your high expectations are met, well that makes this place outstanding! Aside from the food this place has a very local atmosphere which I love and let me tell you that the service rocked and all the great looking female servers are another great plus! Go there on a Saturday or Sunday morning and expect to wait to be seated but it's highly worth it!
Great old-school barber shop!  I've been going here for several years and always get a great cut!  Unlike some shops that change personnel frequently, these folks have been cutting hair in this shop for years, and they are all good!  They have the skills to cut your hair any way you want.  They are all friendly, and the flat screen TV's are fun to watch while you relax.  Lot's of history in this shop--get to know Mr. Nash and he'll tell you some great stories.  This is small business at it's best--finest guy's shop I've ever seen!  Mike
I woke up late one morning & did not have a chance to eat breakfast so my husband swung by my office & gave me a scone to eat. It was the best scone I have ever had, so I asked him where he got it & he told me it was from this little coffee house called Steve's. I had to go and check it out myself. I got there right after they opened (about 5:30 in the morning) so they were not really busy yet, but the guys behind the counter both greeted me & one took my coffee order and the other grabbed me a scone.  The service was really fast & I was in and out in 2 minutes, which was GREAT because I needed to hurry up and get to work. Once I was at work I was able to sit down & enjoy what I ordered. I got the French Roast which was nice & bold as advertised. They use a French Press to brew all their coffee which usually means a 5+ minute wait at any other coffee house (not to mention you have to specifically request it at other places), but because this is their standard method they already had it ready to go. But the coffee was not even the best part. They had 2 different kinds of scones today; Chocolate Chip or Cranberry Orange. So I picked the Cranberry one & it was delish! Their scones are flaky but still moist & perfect. The tart cranberries were just what I wanted in the morning with the sweetness of the scone itself & the strong cup of coffee. The sign up front also said that they make all their treats from scratch! Great little place to stop in the morning. This was the perfect start to my Friday! I will definitely be back.
"""Okay I finally ate on site. Service was beyond fast..every table that sat near us including ourselves.. exclaimed \wow that was fast\"""" when the food came. Im talking not even a 15 minute wait. I had the grilled chicken pita and it was delicious...pita was fluffy and doughy and chicken as grilled to perfection. Greek Fries are a must have.. you will eat them first before you even get to your pita they're that good. Its delicious, fast, inexpensive, you cant beat it."""""""
Really good food in a cute setting!  I like how the restaurant is set up in little rooms.  (It is a house after all...)  That makes for a more intimate, quieter meal.  The omakase dinner was not available the night I went, so we ordered off the menu.  The hamachi with grapefruit was awesome as were the soft shell shrimp & green papaya slaw (great for snacking with a glass of cold beer).  But the star of the night was definitely the pork belly buns.  Finally, a creative way to eat pork belly!  The soft, white buns complemented the fat from the pork belly very well.  Parking was actually note that bad since the restaurant offers validation for the parking structure next door.  Pricing is also reasonable for the quality of food.  This is an all-around winner.  I can't wait to go back.
This was the best bar in AZ by far! \n\nThe owners were the BEST ever and the bartender Bruce was awesome! \n\nDrinks were cheap and they had the BEST jukebox ever. \n\nShow nights the place was packed an super full of all kinds of sexy!  \n\nNon show nights were my fav though. Fun people!\n\nI cried when this bar closed! I am still totally lost without it! :( \n\nWhere will I go now?!\n\nFree pool... awesome cheap jukebox an PBR! Where else can I get my fix?!
"""Serious about sandwiches? I highly recommend this locally owned little lunch spot...\n\nI don't know why it took me so long to try this place, but it was worth the wait... I ended up meeting a friend here for a spontaneous lunch, and it was delicious!\n\nThe large menu offers something for everyone and it's all super fresh and moderately priced.  I went with the The Green Monster (veggie wrap) but had them add tuna and change out the garden spinach wrap for a honey whole wheat one.  For my side, I chose their homemade coleslaw... loved every bite!  I washed it all down with fresh squeezed lemonade (just 99 cents with the Yelp check-in offer at the moment).  \n\nVSC is hiding behind Andreoli Italian Grocer just off the 101 and Via Linda... as it says on their website, they may be \Outta Sight... but (they are definitely not) Outta Mind!\""""  As a matter of fact, they are going to be fresh in my mind for awhile.  I can't wait to return!"""""""
We like to go to Thai Dressing (formerly Thai Pots) for lunch. Their green, red, yellow, and Panang curry are to die for. Our favorite dish for takeout is Baking Seafood Curry. The food is very good. The service is very friendly and authentic. We love to support locally owned / run businesses. Thai Dressing is one of them!\n\nNote: they have moved to a new location in the same plaza (2820 S Alma Sc hool Rd, next to Big 5 Sporting Goods).
Really good gelato. Our third visit.  We try to come here when we visit San Tan Village.\n\nNumerous flavors, some of which change seasonally (no orange tonight!!).  Others are pretty stable (e.g the dark chocolate and limoncello).  The flavors are strong, but not overpowering, and very nice.  I ended up with limoncello.  Reminds me of Firenze (Italy).\n\nThey probably need to me more mindful of how they pack the cups because sometimes there are voids, but if you show them they make it right.  Tonight the void was small, so I ignored it.  Last time is was large, and they gave me a whole new one (that had no voids).\n\nThey may also be introducing a frequent visitor or loyalty card of some sort, based on what the owner was saying to me.  I'm sure I'll get to make good use of that!
I miss this place so much since leaving. I went there almost every day for a year, bought their coffee for my own coffee at home, and made my own toddies at home using their beans. This is the best coffe I have ever tasted. The service was always cool with me! I live in Texas now and am spoiled and can't find a good cup of coffee to save me... Best of luck Cartel, hopefully someday we will cross paths again!
I am a big fan of Ocotillo Golf Course.\n\nThis golf course stands in stark contrast to what people think about when considering golf in Arizona.  21 of their 27 holes on this course involve water at some point, whether in play or not.  If you can get the ball in the air, and keep it fairly straight, you should be able to shoot a decent score out there.\n\nThe property is managed by Troon Golf, so as is the case with most of their facilities, course maintenance and practice facilities are top-notch.  The fairways and rough on a recent round were all very green, and I appreciated they let the rough grow up a bit.  The greens were smooth, but not overly quick (I'd guess in the 8-9 stimp range).  The frustrating thing about the greens is the grain - thanks to lovely hybrid bermuda, prepare to hit your putts with conviction and pay attention to the grain.  \n\nA final note, and something that often gets overlooked sometimes is pace-of-play.  We managed to finish up a recent round on the blue-gold combo in 4 hrs flat on a weekend.  Country club players might be used to this pace, but it's harder to find on public tracks these days.  \n\nSlightly pricey, but I've always enjoyed my rounds at Ocotillo.
I love Kashman's!  I've only been for breakfast, so I can only attest to the deliciousness of their eggs and potatoes.  They really make magic with their eggs here.  Way better than lots of other breakfast places can make 'em.  \n\nYou also get a choice of bread with your breakfast, and I always get a bagel.  YUM. Oh and you can exchange your potatoes for fruit if you want to.  \n\nThe staff is a little brash though.  They're a dash sarcastic and not all that pleasant, really.  But it doesn't bother me.  I just get my plate of tasty food, pay just a little (Kashman's is pretty cheap) and grab a table. \n\nYou can also sit outside, but you'll be surrounded by dogs because Kashman's is definitely four-legged-friend-friendly.
"""Wow, I've got to say that this place and food is different than any place I've ever been to. The menu is HUGE, I was going through it like, it's not gonna end? All of this is in size 10 font, it's like a novel!! There's so much to choose from! As I scan over the menu, I see everything from breakfast,  sandwiches, burgers, traditional dinners, and on and on....\n\nWe eventually chose the oh so delicious Greek Chomp-a-dilla (Sauteed spinach, minced garlic, greek feta cheese, diced tomato, onions, scallions & a hint of Parmesan cheese) for an appetizer. Very fresh and the combo of flavors go well together. \n\nI had the Chicken in the Pot, holy mother... when they brought it out, it was so big that I actually sputtered, \How am I supposed to... eat it?\"""" Another table had noticed just how giant my entree was and had to ask what in the world I ordered. This bowl of soup had 2 halves chickens, (not diced, not cubed, a chicken cut in half!), celery, carrots, jumbo matzo balls, kreplach, and noodles. They gave me a friggn' ladle for cryn' out loud. \n\nPlus they had so many delicious looking pastries just begging us from the desert case, we just had to get cheesecake to go.\n\nCan't wait back to try the endless menu!"""""""
Zuzu's was booked for us through our venue, Stonebridge Manor.  We messed up and showed up for our appointment an hour late (calendar mistype I believe).  They were lovely though and fit us in as soon as they were done with the current appointment.\n\nI had no idea what I wanted for florals so I simply brought a few photos with me.  We were walked through the process of what type of flowers we might want for the wedding and in the end we left feeling pretty confident.  I know on the day of the wedding I was excited to see what turned up since I hadn't seen anything thus far.  I know for some people it might bother them not to know what they were going to get until the day of the wedding, but I thought it was a little exciting.\n\nThe flowers arrived and they were beautiful.  The centerpieces were just right, the bouquet was beautiful and everything else was all I had hoped for.  If you're flexible and can trust the professionals to get it right, this is the florist for you.
I was first introduced to Spinato's by my coworkers. They knew that I was from Chicago and really wanted to take me here my first week on the job. I'm so glad that they did because this is the best pizza that I've had in Scottsdale so far. We usually do pizza Fridays and of course, Spinato's is a very popular one on the list.\n\nEveryone always gets the Lil 7 which is the perfect size for 1 person. When you first get it you always think that it wont be enough. But trust me, for the the average person it is. The sauce to cheese ratio (super important) is perfect with just the right amount of seasoning. The crust is really good too, no need to not eat it to save room.\n\nOh, can't forget the rabbit pellet ice. I think it's a Midwest thing since a lot of people think I'm weird for calling it that. It's the same ice that they have at Sonic too if you're familiar. Some people are obsessed with it. \n\nThis is the perfect lunch place because it's fairly quick and a personal pizza starts as low as 5 bucks, can't beat that! I've never had their salad, apps, or desserts but they all look good.
We were looking for someplace different to go to in the neighborhood.  I have driven by Osha Thai many times and decided to stop in.  Wow, am I glad we did!  Everything about this place is great. Great food, Great prices, Great Service.\n\nWe started out with chicken lettuce wraps and Mee Grab.  For our entree's we had Ginger (Pad Khing Sod) with chicken,  Spicy Cashew Beef and a noodle dish.  Everything was better than the next!  \n\nI'm looking forward to the next visit!
"""Damn! I've been beat to the punch... or to the frozen yogurt I should say! I suppose Alexander C. had an unfair advantage as he lives a block from the new Ice Tango location. ::Jealousy::\n\nI have been a big fan of Ice Tango ever since I \hauled by tuchas\"""" all the way to NoSco for a frozen dairy delight. Well, its still a haul, but a much shorter one. And still worth it.\nDavid really has found his niche in the community and we can all be thankful that it came in the form of delicious and nutritious probiotics.\n\nThis Ice Tango is much smaller than the first, but what a great location! When I went, they were still working on getting all of the ingredients for the savory crepes, so I had a lemon berry. Delicious. I also had a sample of the pineapple yogurt. Those flavors were meant to be together. I am salivating at the thought.\n\nDavid strikes again. New locations coming soon..."""""""
i love sakana's!\n\nthis place is so good! i've never ordered a thing i didn't like here!!  their rolls are superbly delicious! and quite large! their prices on their happy hour menu are mad cheap and are available sun-thurs.  make sure you check out their specialty rolls cause they're incredible! \n\nsome of my favorite rolls include:\nchimi chimi roll\nalaskan roll\nbaked scallop roll\nscs roll\n\nalso a must try is their calamari tempura salad. yummy veggies along with really tender and crunchy pieces of calamari in their own homemade dressing--WOW!  also try out their sashimi! the slices are great cuts and thick! \n\nthe service is awesome! they're fast, efficient and friendly. even when they're busy, the service is still top notch. \n\nyou gotta check it out! you won't be disappointed!
Karey's was on my bookmarks and since I  got out of work earlier today I went for  lunch. It's a tiny but charming place. I'm glad I went later and was able to sit down. Karen and her husband were there. She's an incredibly sweet lady and sat down with me to talk about the restaurant and my recent trip to the Phillippines. I had the chicken adobo, chicken coconut curry with garlic rice and lumpia. The flavors were delicious, not too oily. My favorite was the chicken adobo, although it was a little dry. I think because it was chicken breast. The chicken coconut curry was good as well. The lumpia was delicious and their homemade hot sauce is great. Karen went as far as to give me a piece of cassava cake. Seriously, who does that? \nI guess what I love the most is the feeling you're eating at a relative or friend's house.\nWas it the best Filipino food I ever had? Not really, but it was darn close!  I'll give it  4.5 stars but they deserve to be round up!
"""I ordered two each of a dozen varieties of cookies for our Mother's birthday.  Suzanne, the Baker was very helpful to make sure that we got exactly what we wanted (wrapped individually by flavor) and had them delivered to Mom's Glendale, AZ home the same day they were baked.  She was so impressed with how pretty the packaging was, how wonderful the cookies smelled, and after enjoying several of them (and freezing some for later), Mom is saving Chocolate Star's address so she can stop over for a cup of coffee and a cookie, or order some for friends.  Mom knows home-made quality and value and appreciated all the care and special ingredients she knew were in each generous sized cookie.  This was a delightful surprise and a great gift idea for someone who really does not \need\"""" anything!  Thanks so much!"""""""
i love this restaurant so much. i have yet to have something i didn't like.\n\ni have nothing really special to add to all of the amazing reviews except to order these things:\n\nthai steak noodle salad- mango, avocado, tomatoes, noodles, marinated steak...i meannnnnnnnnnnnn\ncaesar salad - their dressing is my fav and so are the croutons\nbacon, cheddar burger- so juicy, so exquisite\nroast beef sandwich- raw horseradish on the side\nfries- order extra bc people will eat these babies UP! \n\n\nservice is ALWAYS good, it's always clean, it's always pleasant. seriously, you can't have a bad time unless you're just a miserable person.
Hana Japanese Eatery = Super-Awesome 5-Star Joint. \n\n1.  Freshest fish in Phoenix.  The sashimi and nigiri are remarkable in texture and taste.   So good, in fact, that each bite makes the lucky biter pause and savor.   I almost died without their salmon and tuna nigiri when I was preggers. (And maybe I snuck a piece or two, but don't tell.)\n\n2.  Fantastic Japanese dishes rare enough that you won't find them in other sushi restaurants. Be daring and explore uncommon foods off their specials board. I've never been grossed out, only happily wowed, even when a whole fish, with skin on, arrived in front of us on one occasion. Seriously, it was great.\n\n3. REAL wasabi if you ask for it. (Did you know that paste is not wasabi's natural state when observed in the wild?)\n\n4.  BYOB.  It's fun!  BYOS (sake) for even more fun.\n\n5.  Great atmosphere: Not a hole-in-the-wall, yet not so trendy that they blare the club jamz and that the waitresses are all augmented.\n\n6.  Locally owned.\n\n7.  Attentive service! Sometimes sassy service!\n\nGo there! Eat fish!
What great service!  \n\nI walked into the store and was immediately greeted.  I was looking for accessories for my ipod 160gb to hook up to my surround sound.  Not knowing what I needed to purchase, I was promptly attended to and the store associate was helpful.  I had no idea that you are able to do so much with the ipod!!  So after getting cables and a docking station...I walked out of there $110 later! But what was great was that I didn't need to wait online to check out.  I was able to check out with the associate!  I love modern technology (when it works )
"""Summer special- buy one service and second service is half price.   I went with three friends for the first time.   I don't know how it is we never went before?   We go to spas often.   This is right near where I live and seems to be a \secret\"""".    The facility is quite frankly, fabulous.   It is unique since they stay true to the Native American culture in all they do.   I had a custom facial with Portia.   I like this since I know the aestitician certainly knows better what my skin needs than me just randomly picking a facial.   It was wonderful.  We had lunch in the spa.   The chef cooks each persons lunch to order.   The food was very different and we all really liked what we ordered.   After lunch I had a massage with Kelly.   Once again, it was just great.   After our spa services, we got a golf cart ride over to the pool so we could go down the giant slide into the swimming pool.   We had a ball.   This is our new local spa destinaiton.  We will never go back to any of our old haunts."""""""
"""Just got back from the Fairmont Scottsdale, spent three nights there and ate at the Bourbon Steak all three nights.  Let's get to it:\n\nDay 1: Plane touches down at 6:30 p.m.   The wife tells me there is some sort of happy hour half-price deal so we need to get on the foot to get there quick.  Somewhere en route I get out of her that's it's just half price cocktails with purchase of a hamburger but hey, that's still a deal.  We get to the hotel a little after 7 and send the bags to the room to head to Bourbon straightaway.  Sat at the bar and had a really good hamburger.  The fries are $5 on the bar menu but are well worth it, mmm...fat.  I have two Rogue Dead Guy ales and....hey what's the alcohol content on those? Wait, I have the internet, I'll look it up....I'm being told it's 6.5% which explains the quickly ensuing buzz...also got the red onion rings which were beautifully stacked and all perfectly coated with goodness.  Winner.\n\nDay 2: The wife has never seen the Grand Canyon so we take a 13 hour van trip through Sedona and the park.  The canyon remains impressive.  Get back to the hotel at 8:30'ish and decide to forego any more car time and go back to Bourbon, again in the bar, this time at a table.  Feeling like I'm on dangerous ground from a culinary-responsibility angle I have the salmon-burger 'banh-mi' style.  My request for 'as rare as they will make it' is heeded with remarkable sincerity and the fish comes out virtually raw which is fine by me.  A repeat of the fries and the onion rings.  Feel guilty about it until the first bite at which point I feel awesome about it.  Two more of those Rogue's now knowing full well the likely effect.  Tonight the service is spotty bordering on lousy and the two tables next to us almost riot.\n\nDay 3: All day at the pool (4th of July!).  My pool bar tab: 12 Coronas at 6 bucks per and two hot dogs at a felonious 9 apiece, an even 90 (and my mother's heart sinks somewhere for a reason she can't put her finger on).  Tonight we have an actual reservation so we go back again, this time for a full dinner.  Echoing many other reviews, the lighting in the dining room is atrocious and, for some reaon, there are a ton of people sitting down to dinner at 9:30 with their mo-fo 10 year olds.  Strange, and also lame.  There are, however, a couple good booths in the bar which are not floodlit, to one of these we decamp.  The wife tells the wait person about the previous night's crappy service which she (the wait person) takes to heart as the service was an A+.  Tonight, ordering off the dinenr menu, the fries are free (word).  The soft-shelled crab tempura, ahi-poke, wedge salad, hanger steak, and marrow bones are not.  They split both the steak and the salad for us very nicely which was a nice touch.  The meal was delicious.  I like the food here.  I tell the server, \the food is really rich here\"""".\n\nDay 4: I was on the treadmill for five miles watching the Wimbledon final and was really sweaty and thought I smelled duck fat but that might have been my imagination.  Anyhoo, as I write this I now remember I took one of the after-dinner caramels back to our room and packed it in my suitcase which I unpacked this morning (but missed the side pocket) so there's a caramel in the luggage closet.  I will forget this by 7 p.m. tonight and will therefore discover this caramel near Labor Day when I next likely need that duffell.  Alas, I digress."""""""
i haven't been here for a while because i live so far away. if i lived closer, i'd be spending more money at this establishment because it is the best vegan restaurant i've been to in phoenix.\n\ni guess i'll start out with the most 'okay' thing i got, which was the 'po boy.' i didn't love it, but it wasn't gross...just reminded me more of 70's style vegetarian food.\n\ni used to be vegan, and missed pizza greatly. the pizza i ate here when my tastebuds were still vegan-oriented, told me that the pizza was good, though i still haven't had vegan pizza that supasses a pizza with real cheese on it.\n\ni ordered a salad here once, but unfotunately i can't remember what type of salad. what i can remember is that i liked it and that it tasted fresh. nothing worse than old salad greens, which this did not have.\n\nthe hummus is rich and has a nice touch of chipotle and they don't make it as gross as some other places do. i mean, when non-mediterranean/non-middle eastern restaurants make hummus, for some reason they usually go out of their way to make it as unhummus-like and unappealing as possible. this hummus isn't exactly like that found in a mediterranean restaurant, but the direction that it veers off the standard hummus path is a tasty direction, not a pointlessly nauseating one.\n\nthe buffalo wings are salty but flavorful and i love the vegan ranch dressing that comes with them. i've tried to make it at home and haven't quite figured out how they make the dressing so good. i wish there was a Green cookbook to help me out with this one.\n\nthe tsoynamis make perfect vegan junk food. just like dairy queen minus the cow ice cream or whatever dairy queen uses. i also enjoyed a chocolate peanutbutter bar here once or twice.\n\ni wouldn't call green 'healthy', but it is tasty. the few people i've brought here (all omnivores) enjoyed it as well.
I've lived in the valley for 15 plus years and can't believe I hadn't been here before. I hit it up Saturday around noon to find it quite slow. This worried me a bit because most other places (Matt's Big Breakfast for example) are still jumping. However, we were in between crowds. I ordered the green chile & eggs breakfast. It was awesome. I heard a guest ask if they had menudo, and they did. My guest and I, both suffering from mild hangovers, knew that menudo was just what we needed. We split a bowl between us, to which our server brought us a second bowl and extra condiments. (Thanks!!)\nI'm spoiled by my Grandmother who makes homemade menudo, so my expectations are kind of high. I was thrilled that La Canasta had their act together and served up an excellent bowl or red menudo. \nI now have a place to bring friends & family for a really good Mexican breakfast. I look forward to checking them out for lunch & dinner entrees too.http://farm4.static.flickr.com/3068/3107975444_4907cb63ae_m.jpg
I'm a regular at this hot spot in Gilbert, AZ. The farm fresh ingredients make everything on the menu delicious. The Ahi Tuna sandwich is my go to almost every time. My husband loves all the burgers and hot dogs. Don't miss out on the best onion rings your ever going to have. The salads are delicious, especially with their green goddess dressing. I haven't tried their pizzas yet but they are definitely on my to do list. Their breakfasts are great too. Fresh fruit on the waffles and pancakes! Relax under the trees with the rest of the patrons. It's great to share your table and meet new people. Kids just love it there too. Real chicken breast used for the chicken tenders! It gets busy but don't let the lines out the door fool you, they are fast and if there is a little wait, it's definitely worth it. The staff are the happiest and friendliest for a group who don't get tips, although they do deserve it.
"""Bill, Bill, Bill.  You seduce my friend and I in from the 111 degree heat with ice cold beer.  You seat us in luxe leather seats and permit us to play trivial pursuit (the 1985 version!) for an excessive period of time.  You feed us bruschetta, and don't wince when I beg off a decision and insist that you choose the flavors (figs & honey, goat cheese & roasted peppers, what a guy).\n\nAnd then you sigh with pleasure when my seatmate and I both choose to eat the succulent ribeye and crunchy beans, regaling us with tales of time long ago when many important members of the staff worked somewhere famous called \Flemings\"""".\n\nI was sad to go, but I'll come back to see you.  I promise!"""""""
If I look at my shopping list and had to pick one place to get as much crossed off....I'm heading to Wal-Mart!!\nI think that is has a great selection of items that I can get at a bargain - even when I am travelling and need something quick...each Wal-Mart is set up pretty similar so you can zip in and zip out. I have noticed a few times that their prices are below any other mass retailer for the exact same item!! They have recently installed the 'Self Check-out' counters now - I LOVE THESE!!\nI cant say that I really shop there for their produce but many of my household items are from Wal-Mart.\nLike their tag says....'Save Money. Live Better'
This is my favorite store in the entire valley. So many new things to look at everytime you enter the store, the staff is so friendly, trade in prices are fair and I love their cafe. Grab a book and a coffee or a sandwich and relax on a couch. I go there for my expanding video game collection as well and every time I go in there is so much new inventory I feel like its a whole new store to dig through. Check this place out. The classic nick nacks alone is enough reason to pop in and look around. There is absolutely something for everyone.
Thanks once again to ASBA's Leslie Barrett for recommending another excellent restaurant in the Valley. George & Son's doesn't sound like much, but it is. It's the best Chinese inspired restaurant we've been to in the Phoenix Metro area so far. The vegetable dishes, fried rice and especially the Kung Pao 3 Seas - with shrimp, scallops and the most wonderful white fish - were all excellent. The Tom Yum Gum Thai soup was light on lemon grass but strong on Thai basil and so was a thumbs up, too. We enjoyed the friendly service. The only disappointment was the sizzling calamari, which had a little too much fried batter but did have an excellent use of onions and peppers on the dish, and the Singapore Sling that was too sweet for our taste. We've been to the Raffles Hotel in Singapore and so we're a bit spoiled there. Don't let that stop you - sail away to George & Son's and enjoy great Chinese and Asian food with a Tsingtao beer. Highly recommended.
We went in November 2010 and our stay was Completely serene.  The staff is ABSOLUTELY professional and wonderful! They saw us walking through the parking lot with luggage and they swung into action .. zoomed over took our luggage from our hands, and offered us a ride to the lobby! Wow THAT is service! The room was extremely conducive for resting and rejuvenating! We arrived at 10 pm and the room service was delicious and FAST! Very happy about the interesting LOCAL vegetables that were indigenous to the native Americans there. The bathrooms were INCREDIBLY clean and luxurious! They had thought of everything from hairdryers to light up mirrors! A sunken extra wide tub and a gorgeous glass shower that made you feel like yo were in a waterfall!  All night we heard the wonderful stream from the river and all the wildlife!  ~ this is a place for a real get away vacation with amazing trails to walk, ride horses, have spa treatments, and just sit by the pool and hear yourself think!  The little gift shops and restaurant was cozy and DELICIOUS! Everywhere you sit it appears that you are out of doors in the old west BEFORE it was settled! My guy and I were caught up in the charm and romance!
My husband and I went here recently for dinner on a Saturday - we had heard from friends it was the best Greek on the east end of the valley.  We both ordered the Greek plate dinner with lamb/beef gyro meat - rice, salad and pita.  It was nothing short of superb - the meat unlike any other usual Greek fare - tender and real meat.  Everything was good and there were generous portions.  Our service was excellent and the atmosphere is good.  It is worth the hour drive from our house in Mesa.
Once upon a time there was a restaurant named Vig. It lived in Arcadia.  It wanted to be cool, but was only half cool because it was constantly infiltrated by the evil clan of douche bags named Scottsdalians.  Then one day Vig met a better neighborhood called Cenpho/Uptown.  They fell in love and made a new Vig in a beautiful mid-century mod Bank in Uptown.  This new Vig was about a zillion times cooler.  Proof that sequels can be better than the original.  (Please see Back to the Future 2, Empire Strikes Back, or Evil Dead 2 for more confirmation of this.) \n\nVig Uptown has an awesome Bocce Ball court in the restaurant.  The food is all good... Ask Juan Schwartz.   The drinks are all well poured.  The bar staff is excellent... They have Tito's handmade vodka in stock and its very well priced.  The crowd is way cooler and the valet's are always on point.  I am a regular at the Vig Uptown, you probably should be too. \n\nOh, and if you live in the neighborhood, the Vig Rig will pick you up and take you home.  He works on tips only, so leave the ride at home and tip the Vig Rig instead of the valet... SO worth it.  \n\n...And i lived happily ever after.
"""I recently opened up a bank account for our school PTSA with this branch.\n\nOur PTSA was encountering a lot of problems with other banks and opening an account that would suit our needs for a business account.  We discovered the Az PTA works with Wells Fargo directly so our paperwork would be streamlined and easy to set up an account.\n\nWe were assigned someone to work with.  The Personal Banker's name was Sabrina Petit.  She was awesome.  Very professional and helpful throughout the entire process.  The first time that I went in, I neglected to make an appointment and was told that Bri had just gone on lunch.  The girl who I spoke with said, \why don't I call her and see if she can come back, she just left a few minutes ago.\""""  She called and sure enough Bri said that she could come back!  Really?!?  Great!  She walked me through everything that we needed to do, got the account all set up for the co-signers who needed to complete info, and got our account up and going.  They offered our PTSA no fee checking, which included FREE checks!  Amazing!  If you've ever tried to open a business account anywhere else, you'd know that this is a big deal.  The bank was out of money bags the day that I set up the account.  Bri said that she would set one aside for me when they came in.  Sure enough, she called yesterday to tell me that the bags had arrived and that she set one aside for me.  \n\nBecause of the nature of our account (business) and having mulitple signers, we have had to go into the bank several times to finalize signer paperwork.  Bri is always pleasant, patient, and helpful.  I would recommend that people ask for Bri - she was great.  So great in fact that we are thinking about going to open savings accounts for our kids there with her!  \n\nOh and hey, you can't beat the popcorn machine, water bottles, cookies and sometimes lollipops that are in the lobby!  I wonder how many times my kids will ask to go to the bank to check the balance of their savings account in the hopes of getting some popcorn and a lollipop......."""""""
EASILY my favorite Mexican Restaurant in PHX... hands-down. We've been here several times and I have no idea why I've waited until now to tell the world how yummy this place is. \n\nIt's VERY small and can get busy, but it's worth the wait! Drinks are great, margaritas are a perfect balance of alcohol and mixer, and there are plenty of marg choices! \n\nOn the most recent trip, my husband and I started with the Lobster Quesadilla and it's nothing short of perfect. For the main course, I had the Chiles en Nogada, which is a poblano pepper full of chicken, pecans, apples, pears, apricots and spices with some white sauce, oaxaca cheese and pomegranate seeds on the side. This was recommended by our server and it was my favorite meal here so far. It was a perfect balance of flavors that I wouldn't have (and initially upon ordering didn't) expect. My husband had the Filet Tita and he absolutely loved it! It had crab, chile sauce and oaxaca cheese on it. On our previous trip I had tacos and my husband had chicken with mole sauce on it, and he explained it was the best mole he's EVER had. \n\nService is always great, not too overbearing but always there to quickly refill drinks and take your order or bring your check. I love its chill vibe but fun/authentic atmosphere. When out of towners want to know where to find the best Mexican food in a town full of it, this is where we tell them to go. It's not as touristy as other Mexican restaurants, but that's one of my favorite things... it's not overly cheesy (literally and figuratively). :)
"""Food:\nCompared to most pub grub, this place is fantastic! Most items are easily vegetarian-ized without any attitude.  Since I've been a regular in 2004, the menu has changed very little if at all (I haven't noticed anything chagned, but then again I'm not exactly perusing the hamburger/beef section of the menu).  Though the menu is pretty static, they do have some fantastic daily specials for lunch and dinner that aren't always prominent, so you might have to ask specifically to see that menu.\n\nBeer:\nObviously this is why you came here -- cue personal mental battle between Peach Ale and Hefewiezen (usually Peach wins).  For those who drink \real\"""" beer, the 8th Street Ale or KiltLifter may be more to your liking.\n\nSetting:\nLoud. TVs galore.  It's a bar after all... They have a great (smaller) patio and part of the dining room opens to the patio.\n\nStaff:\nYour typical hot girl set.  No haughtiness or lack of service whether I'm part of a large group or flying solo at the bar with other regulars.  \n\nParking:\nThe section of parking lot right in front is ALWAYS full, so really, don't even bother trying.  The larger lot adjacent always has plenty of spots.\n\nCommon sense warning:\nThis place is popular and the cops know it.  I've been stalked in the parking lot and one time even followed for a few miles before being pulled over for \""""driving at or below the speed limit\"""".  I didn't get a DUI because I only had a few beers and waiting awhile before leaving, but be careful and be SMART! :)"""""""
Honestly one of the best reasons to go to the Farmers Market. \n\nThe good news: The free samples! \n\nThe bad news: The free samples! They have so many varieties, it was near impossible to decide which kind to get. So we kept having to try the samples just to make sure... And then there's the heat to contend with and oh no, the chocolate toffee we just bought is going to melt! \n\nOh well, guess we're going to have to eat it right now. Gee. Darn.
So yes, I like owls. (It's not an addiction yet.) Both real and ceramic, but I tend to go for the ceramic. Less mess... Hollywood Regency Vintage is a great place to shop for owls or really anything cool or unusual and vintage. First, they always have spectacular window displays. If you are stuck waiting for something at the pharmacy next door they are worth checking out, just for the window displays alone. (Maybe they could start up a B&B... some of those displays look very comfortable. A night spent in their window display could be fun.) Second, I found the sweetest most amazing charm bracelet ever in the history of the world there, and I don't even like charm bracelets... well, now I do. Third, the owner and the lovely girl that works there know their stuff. If you are looking for something in particular they will help, but they never bother you. You can spend hours at the thrift store, but when you drive away empty handed drive over to this cool little store and you will find something. Perhaps something you never even knew you wanted or needed... a bird cage, brooch, tea set, boots, scarf, ceramic owl (with the Goldwaters' price tag still firmly attached at the bottom) something will call out to you. They also won't yell if you accidentally let their cat run away, or if your five year old acts like a five year old. (They have lolly pops to shut small children up, so smart.) They are warm and welcoming and they have lots of amazing things to buy at reasonable prices... for all the hard work they put in to finding these treasures. But stay away from the owls... they're mine.
Yeah ~ Spring Training!!  This is my favorite ballpark to watch the Spring Training games.  It is close to home, the parking area is great, and its really clean.  Plus, they have the best lawn seats of any of the stadiums I've been to, not too steep, so you don't feel like you're about to roll downhill.  Lawn seats are great for kids, you don't have to try to keep them in a seat.  Even when it gets crowded, it's laid out nicely so it doesn't seem too congested.  There are lots of concession stands and team shops too.
Big variety! They even have creosote bushes. If you have lived in Phoenix and had the privilege of knowing what it smells like after a good rain in the desert, you will appreciate this. The smell that is so unique to Phoenix rain is from the creosote bushes. It's incredible. I love it. I love it. I love the smell so much that I bought 2 bushes and have planted them at my home... Eagerly awaiting the next rain. \n\nThe staff at Baker's are great. Very helpful and pleasant. You get the feeling that the employees love working there. \n\nGIFTS! They have pots, vases, lawn decorations, and of course plants. I recommend supporting our local nursery (and not the Big Orange box down the street from them) and giving the gift of life (I know cheesey, but plants are living!) for birthdays, Christmas, Kwanzaa, Easter, etc.
Cannot get enough of this place!\n\n-great location\n\n-all the tables seem to have privacy, yet you still can see whats going on.\n\n-the toilet paper is stamped with their logo (This means they got   somethin' good going on I'm sure)\n\n-cheap during happy hour\n\n-super cheap during happy hour ($5 pitchers everyday foo ' (I think between 11 and 5)\n\n-Special $20 wine/bruschetta thingy. \n\n-hot staff..except one guy yelled at me and my friend for smoking in the parking lot on our way to our bikes...whatevs.. we quit anyways!\n\n-not too many douchey customers (that I've encountered)\n\n-oh, and best hoegarden on tap i have ever tasted!\n\nwin winw inwinwinwinwinwinwi wiiiiin!\nPostinos...FTW!
I have heard great things about this place from a friend of mine. When I read the previous review I was a bit worried that they were closed. I drove by today and they are open for business. Not sure what happened, but the place was busy and I decided to check it out.\n\nThey serve breakfast and lunch, and everything is home-made. Instead of a sandwich I decided to have the hummus and chicken breast.\n\nThere was plenty of food, making it well worth the price. The chicken was freshly grilled, juicy and flavorful. The hummus was wonderful. It also came with pita bread. It was all just a little too much to eat, actually.
This is my favorite Mexican food place in all of Phoenix. If I recall, this is the original Valle Luna as well. I've been eating here for as long as I can remember.\n\nThe restaurant is quiet and comfortable. It's a very basic restaurant. You can go in and eat your own meal for $8-15 no problem. The servers have always been friendly. I have never had a mistake on my order. The salsa they have to go with the chips is excellent and the food is even better.\n\nUnfortunately, they recently changed the menu. Prices have gone up a bit. Oh well, I can deal with that. It's still worth it.\n\nThe separate bar is also pretty cool. They don't have any huge TVs--it's no Santisi Brothers--but there's enough that you can watch all of the major games at the same time. The place brings in some dedicated Cardinals fans as well. They've been doing caravans to the games on Sundays for awhile.\n\nOverall, it's just a quiet, affordable, friendly local restaurant that happens to have what I consider to be the best Mexican food in the valley. The next time you're in there, do yourself a favor and get the Fundido, preferably with chicken. It's sort of like a Chimichanga covered with cream cheese then covered with a layer of cheddar cheese and is the main reason I keep going back. Easily one of my favorite dishes in the city.\n\nIt's a shame I live so far from this place now.
It doesn't look like much from the outside, considering most theatres are gaudy with bright lights and huge posters. But, shy as it might be in today's modern entertainment jungle, Tempe Valley Art is a fantastic little place. How can one not like a one-screen theatre that plays mostly obscure, low-budget, indie films, like Juno, alongside some of the bigger known names, including Babel?  \n\nYou might expect a tiny viewing room when you walk in, but you'll be pleasantly surprised to find one of the biggest theatre rooms in the area (sure beats some of the rooms at the theatre farther South off Mill Ave.) \n\nHere's where I saw the final cut for Blade Runner. We sat in the back after I was told that's exactly where you needed to sit during a movie like this. I'm thinking it's where you should sit for every movie, for you're able to drink in the entire screen. Bonus: there weren't any squirmy or screaming children to contend with - not like you'll find at major theatres or mall areas. \n\nIn conclusion, 3 parting thoughts: \n\n1) I love this theatre! \n\n2) I think I'll make a point to see a movie here once a month, starting with Juno when it begins playing here. This is the kind of pact every one should make. \n\n3) If you've never been to this theatre, you're doing yourself a disservice. You should be kinder to yourself. Seriously. Go check out Valley Art Theatre today.
First review ever! So glad I could do it for this wonderful hot spot. I usually am a Starbucks girl, and I enjoy their pricey drinks because I learned to put up with the long lines, and the awkward mess of ingredients. At It's A Grind I think it's safe to say that you get the best tasting drinks and there's no fuss. I have never had to wait in a line and the staff is very friendly. If I don't know exactly what a drink is, they're happy to share. I still do visit my favorite Starbucks now and again, but when I'm on the go, or when I just need to relax, It's A Grind is definitely one of my go to places.
Oh, Lo-Lo's how I love thee...  \n\nI catered Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles for a surprise Halloween lunch for my staff this week and it was a huge hit.  I just told them I was catering lunch in, I didn't tell who was bringing the food.  After the food was set up and ready to go I emailed the staff and told them the food was ready and that it was Lo-Lo's.  You should have seen the steady stream of employees that started 'prairie dogging' over their cubicle walls and letting each other know what the big, surprise lunch announcement was!  It was hilarious how fast they scooted their normally slow asses to the conference room to be the first in line for Lo-Lo's chicken and waffles!!\n\nLo-Lo himself (Larry) came out and he made piping hot, fresh waffles to order as the employees all dined on the best fried chicken in all of Arizona, and some of the most delicious mac and cheese and read beans and rice I've ever tasted.    Ohmidog, their food is so damn good...\n\nI was the office hero for the day and I couldn't have done with without Lo-Lo's.  Thank you, Larry!  \n\nYou want to be the most popular person in your office?  Cater Lo-Lo's for your staff for lunch.  You will NOT be disappointed in the results.  ;)
1st time here, came in 45 mins before they close, but Krista was great about us staying until 7:20 to finish our cheese plate & prosecco. She was willing to chat about cheese & their shop as long as we would engage her, even though she had things to do for closing.\n\nWe had the cheese board, and Krista cheerfully replaced a newer Gouda with an aged Gouda we had enjoyed sampling. She suggested the prosecco with our choices, which was a great idea. We had Ewephoria, a sweet, mild smooth sheep's milk Gouda; Gorgonzola Picante, a cow blue cheese; and an aged Gouda we didn't take note of, but it was butterscotch-y, crystals throughout (yum), and very orange.\n\nThey do have a great selection of beers and wines, olive oils, jams, etc, and they have great product & offerings expansion ideas as the business profits...\nWE WILL BE BACK!
"""Love South Mountain Park. It is such a great place to get some exercise and enjoy AZ! I take my dog for a trail run about every other week and always seem to find a new trail to explore (that may be because the trails aren't marked very well, but I can always find my way back to the car). I have to say the maps at the trail heads are a bit washed out, so before the \smart phone\"""" I had a difficult time determining how far I had actually hiked. Now that I have the cardio trainer on my Droid I can see I was padding my workouts juuuuust a bit... :) \n\nTrails can vary from easy to intense, depending on how hard you push yourself. You can get a great workout or enjoy a nice stroll, makes it a great place to take out-of-towners. \n\nParking is good in the summer (of course) and decent in the spring and fall. Expect to walk a bit to the trail head, especially in the winter - but that is what you are there for! The only day I CONSISTENTLY have trouble parking is Superbowl Sunday... is Camelback Mountain closed on that day? :)"""""""
I am quite surprised at all the low reviews here. There is lots of parking in the lot.      I decided to stop here one day after visiting the great Bookmans.  It is very fresh food, and not at all over priced.  There is an entire little salsa bar that has cool to go cups with nice tight lids( a major plus).   The food is excellent! no red meat just fish and chicken. Lots of fresh limes.  Every one there were very pleasant and though i took it to go. I could of eaten there because it was nice and clean. They even had a drive thru. I thought it was great!
This location is quieter than the one at Arizona Mills Mall. No screaming kids in your way. The clothes are less disheveled, still attached to the hanger, but for the same low price. I get my husband's work shirts here for like $8. Ross understands that there are still skinny Americans out there and they carry size 4 pants. YESSSSS!\n\nI -3 the unusual house goods you can find at Ross. I redid my whole bathroom and made it into a nice Victorian style in light pink and a wood brown. They had this soft-green painted shelf that looked like a twisted vine. Where else can you find something like that? I found these two toothbrush cups that were painted with butterflies. Worth the $5 each. My bathroom is gorgeous. You'll want to take a crap in there.
SRP rocks with their outstanding service. My hubby and I are enjoying their pre-paid option (M-Power). When I lost my job I couldn't afford to pay the electric bill. I called customer service to see if they we could split up the bill, that is when the lady told us about M-Power. At the time they were taking 40% of the money you put on the card    towards the  money you owe. They have since lowered the percentage to  25%. \n\nSecondly, today I called in  because my M-Power box wasn't working and my electric shut off. Within 2hrs of my call the guy showed up to fix the problem. Their employees are very friendly, understanding and hard working people.\n\nBecause of their outstanding service my husband and I will only live where SRP serves. They make it affordable for people. They seem to  understand their customers.
Tonight was my daughter's promotion ceremony from 6th grade and following family tradition I let her pick the restaurant and this was her choice.  She had eaten here before but this was the first time for me.\n\nWe had an excellent experience!  The food and service were both excellent.  I started with the antipasto, which was really good with lots of pepperoni, salami, and cheese.  We also ordered fried mozzarella sticks, you know, for the kids; the sticks were really plump and crispy and there were seven or eight on the plate.  For the main course I had Ricotta Cavatelli with Vodka Sauce and added a chicken breast.  This was really good and the portion was so generous I only ate half.   For desert we shared the chocolate lava cake with ice cream, which was also really good.\n\nThe waitress was very friendly and attentive and did a great job.  Atmosphere is casual, which is okay with me.  We will definitely be back.
Cafe blanco is awesome! The staff is very friendly and upbeat. There is a comfy couch and two comfy chairs that I fancy. They play a very nice mix of music there. The coffee is about a dollar cheaper than chain coffee and 100% better. Cheaper, Better, Faster, Stronger... seriously! The large has three shots not two and the when you add the whip cream you come up with a coffee that you have to savor! This is my favorite coffee shop in Phoenix. Mucho Recomendo!
"""I had the best time here for Midnight Mass/Christmas Eve...I was nervous about bringing my 2 non Cath friends but we left an hour and half early from a nearby Christmas party at this mansion home on Central...with 2 die for furnishings and outdoor wraparound patio/firepit in the wall, and a miniature doll house in the back yard with tiny furniture, lights and a ceiling fan, and teddy bears drinking out of antique tea cups..(ok another story, another day) so we got to park right in the front! How lucky, how incredible, ( I didnt realize there was free underground parking) then the sec guard told us no cops are on duty, just him so park anywhere, no tickets..so I asked him, great, even though we were in a legal space anyways, but lets get priorities straight, where is the hot chocolate? And the guard exclaimed I was the 3rd person who asked him that in the last 5 min but \everything was closed\""""...the church could have made a fortune sellling hot chocolate that night and no cops=no permit...(note to self, contact church about it)...so we 3 walked around the corner, north, to the Sheraton which was open, had about 3 people at the bar, and we got a pretty tall hot chocolate for 4.00 plus 1.00 tip..Fabulous! So we goofed off outside a bit then went inside and took a couple pics of the neat ceiling, altar, (no flash/just quick snaps from our seat) and the lady behind us, tapped me...and I cringed but she nicely told me about the website, panoramic pics, how its often updated and that we would really enjoy it and welcome because it must be our first time...I noticed the Usher kept coming by and joking with her, and wishing the Merry Christmas...real homey feel of a place for a church...so I asked her if she knew what page the procession of faith was on, (since, sorry MOM- I never have memorized this stretch and constantly feel so idiotic while everyone drowns on and I have to mumble thru the middle part, I know the first and the last...anyway its on PAGE 12...(Note to Self..page 12...) so she was like an Angel...then the 2 girls next to us were hilarious and kept making each other laugh and the one was trying so hard not to laugh that she was shaking the pew...they were a scream, so i asked her what is SO FUNNY..and she was doing the quick wave with her hand and pointing and her friend was making these innocent gestures...it was real entertaining, then the people in front of us were very upbeat and joking with their mom about which one was the favorite daughter and which one was the rebel and the mom exclaimed to us how she loved both equally and the girls had on matching sweaters and it was real entertaining sitting by them also. Then mass started and it was real beautiful. They choked us out with the incense which I love and they even had wine at communion which I had not seen at a mass since I was 7 years old and they passed it around on trays with tiny tiny wine chaliss's.\nSo we had the best seats and my friends werent bored and it was nice there. It ended up being standing room only and we sat 4th row middle. No telling what those seats would have went for on live nation."""""""
Little Saigon, such a quaint little place in [usually] desolate old town Glendale. \n\nWeekends are reasonably busy here, but we came on a Thursday...and were basically the only ones there. Is 8pm really that late??? Come on, night owls, where are you?\n\nOrdered the delicious spring rolls (as described in the review below mine). The sweet fish sauce is such a great complement for these things. Also had the egg crepe, filled with bean sprouts and shrimp. Bean sprouts were fresh, crisp...but the shrimp were a little overcooked. Piling the crepe onto a bed of lettuce, mint leaves, and lemongrass was so refreshing. You can eat so much of this stuff, and not feel guilty. Those were just appetizers. \n\nNow onto the main course. I'm always indecisive about which soup I want, but I settled with the #12, which consisted of rice noodles in beef broth, beef and pork slices, tendon, tripe, and meatballs (consistency was similar to that of the meat in a gyro). With some generous dashes of sriracha, chili paste, and fish sauce, I was in another world. In addition, this lovely medley was served in a king size bowl. Thumbs up to that, and to myself... for finishing the whole thing. \n\nEveryone I dined with was quite satisfied with their dishes, and I would have liked to share a description of each dish, except I was too consumed with my own bowl that I became oblivious of my surroundings about 20 minutes into the meal. \n\nTowards the end, the endearing chef made an appearance and surprised us with dessert- on the house. Nice!  \nI enjoy coming here... very homey, and lighthearted people. I'll probably visit again this week!
I tried getting into this place a couple of times only to be denied by lack of parking and a packed house. However, I was finally able to get in and ordered a few of the spring rolls. The spicy spring roll with the fried pork was fantastic! So spicy I almost passed out. Now that's my kinda nummy.\n\nI also ordered the veggie Pho but asked to add meat to it. I need my meat. It was a very good bowl of Pho...Pho sure. I will definitely go back.\n\nUpdate:\nI rode my bike with a friend over to Rice Paper on Saturday and I had a blast! I sat outside with the owner and we all spent about 20 minutes chatting, drinking and having a good ole time. \n\nWe ordered a lot of food and spent a lot of money. We loved the calamari so much that we got 2 orders. We had a few drinks, sat out on the patio, which is new and has great plans ahead for it. The owner tells me that they will be putting in a fireplace outside and everything.\n\nI am definitely going to be a regular at this joint. Great food, great staff and friendly owner!\n\nAs for parking. You can park next door and across the street. You can also park up against the building next to the establishment right in the driveway. Just make sure you leave room for others to get by and for more cars to park. I have a feeling this place is going to be the talk of the town.\n\nThe only negative thing I have to say is that I believe if you come in during happy hour you should get happy hour prices the whole time you're there. I've been to a lot of places that do this, some don't...I wish they all would though.
4.5 stars! I came here with a 13+ party on a Tuesday to celebrate my birthday! MY favorite friends and fellow Yelpers (Julie, Angela, Patricia, Kevin, Daniel, Rita, Monica, Felicia, Ryan) ordered almost everything on the menu and had some wine! All of my friends had only positive things to say about the place. I was hoping my friends would like the place since it was a 25+ minute drive on our school night! \n\nThe ambiance is dark & mysterious. We were just finishing up our wine and dinner before the live band was about to play. Waitress was nice and I only heard good things about the place! One thing though, the place is hidden -- You'll have to walk into an alley and get inside through a hidden door. As my friends would say, its a great place for a first date. There are lots of couches and side tables that make the place intimate and cozy. An awesome find! \n\nPS.... In terms of wine, Guntrum Scheurebe Kabinett is one of my favorites ;)\n\nNote: I gave them a 5 star rating because they allowed my friends to bring and light 20+ home made cupcakes. I must also note that gratuity was 20% here.
"""O.H.S.O. is probably the best bar I've been to in Phoenix. Coming down from Flagstaff on an evening in late May, my wife and I were looking to celebrate, and remembered seeing this place and feeling intrigued. They still don't have their \nanoBrewery\"""" going, but it looks like that's coming soon. What they do have is a beer tap that knocked my socks off. If you like microbrewed beer, this is the place to go. Half the beer list is from Arizona, including some of our favorite Flagstaff breweries, and many excellent Phoenix area breweries. The left side is from slightly further afield. No Bud Light here.\n\nOur biggest disappointment of the evening was that we didn't bring our dog. As soon as we walked in the front door, we saw a flashing sign for a \""""Dog Friendly Back Patio.\"""" The first server we saw told us to sit anywhere, and that the patio was available. When we got out there, the air was cool, the atmosphere was open, and the music was fun but not so loud we couldn't hear each other. \n\nThe patio was clean, and well established. Our server was attentive and friendly, but not oppressive.\n\nWe didn't have dinner, just the green chile dip (a warm kind of humus), the beet salad, and some beer. All of the above were tasty, and just what we were looking for. \n\nAt the end of the evening we went back inside for a performance by the house band, The Persuaders, who were fun to watch."""""""
"""Five stars is definitely tough to give but this place gets it. The ambiance, food, and service were all amazing. For me,it is definitely a special occasion type of place. Great romantic spot, but guys I wouldn't take a crap shoot first or second date here. A dinner for two will run 200 bucks easily, especially if you do the 75 dollar a head six coarse meal, which is what we ordered and it was organic food porn heaven, every coarse. Set aside about two hours for this meal, they space it out perfectly between courses, so when that six coarse dessert hits the table I still was able to fit it in my belly and not feel disgustingly bloated and did not need a \I'm too overweight to walk scooter\"""" when I left."""""""
"""My new favorite hang out in Downtown Phoenix.  I have been here a few times now but last night was my first taking in a movie. \n\nYou really don't know what to expect on walking in.  But you are greeted with a calm, cozy and colorful environment, a perfect balance between casual and \fancy\"""", great for bringing friends, business associates, a first date or whomever.  The bar/lounge interior is designed well to mingle and move people around. \n\nThe theater is larger than I expected, with about 5 rows of roomy, comfortable seats that offer plenty of leg room.  They offer 2-3 different movies through the week and there are typically 3 showtimes. Make sure to check their website for the movies and showtimes of each.  \nThey don't have a ticket booth but all you have to do is ask any employee for a ticket and your drink of choice and they have got you covered.  \nThey serve several varieties of bottled beer, a cider, a lambic, wine and some bottled sodas.  \n\nKelly, the owner, is a fixture here, while he has a full staff that helps him on a typically busy night (like Friday & Saturday), any other night he is the man serving up cold beer, setting up the movies and sharing his passion for this great new venture.  His style, taste and calm demeanor are refected in the overall feel and artistic texture of this place.\n\nWhat are you waiting for go check it out!!"""""""
"""FINALLY!! Green has been talking about a downtown location forever and it is here and WORTH THE WAIT!  Best Vegan food you'll find anywhere, and you don't have to be Vegan to enjoy it! I'm a hardcore meateater, but I'll take Green's buffalo wings and Mexicali Burger over the real thing any day!! The \No-harm chicken parm\"""" is the bomb.com too! \n\nThe parking is an issue, only because of the small lot Green was built on, but again... it's worth fighting for a spot! The interior is very comfortable, and perfect for a sunny warm afternoon when they can open the large garage door at the front of the building for some fresh air!\n\nGo Vegan!! Even if its just for one meal, and give Green a try!!"""""""
Where do I begin?  Way too many to list so I'll do a checklist.\nDecor? Very well done and tasteful.\nService? It rocks.  Attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.\nFood? Tasteful, creative, yummy!\nWorst thing which was still acceptable was the parking.\n\nI cannot explain to you how much I love this place and everything about it.  Read my reviews of my other favorite restaurants The Tuck Shop and NOCA and add this in the top 3.  \n\nI digress.  The guacamole made at your table kicks fucking ass!  Absurd how flavorful and you pick your own ingredients to make it how you want it.  \n\nI also like the fact that the patrons are in more than Tommy Bahama and khaki shorts.  Thank you Jesus for people giving consideration to not wearing the same attire they left the baseball game in.  If you are a foodie or restaurant afficiando, this is your new place.  Oh and by the way, no out of place looking people.  Call me superficial but this place feels right, is right and is the CHIZNIT!  \n\npeace out....
I went here for my birthday dinner on a Thursday night.  Walking into the place it was very well laid out and a nice mixture of swanky lounge feel and then football games on the surrounding tv's.  The server, Jordan, was very good.  Most places bring you a scoop of icecream or something small for your birthday, this place wend the extra mile and let me pick from anything on the menu, nice touch!  I got the cajun shrimp and sausage skewers with white cheddar grits and decided to mix the two together for a little shrimp and grits action.  My girlfriend got the salmon and onion bread pudding, also great. Great choice for a nice night out; I will be back.
This place is the best breakfast in town. It used to be so easy to get a table too until Guy Fierri  had them on his show and now you wait at least 45 mins for a table.  But the food is so good OMG it is still worth it. It is so tiny but the food is huge!! The fresh fruit preserves on the homemade bread, the home fries with fresh rosemary and caramelized onions, yummy sunny side up eggs with a GIANT piece of ham. I just cannot stress enough how mouth watering delicious this little gem is :)
"""Yes, I like Smashburger.\n\nIt is not the best hamburger I've ever had.\nIt is not the fastest hamburger place you'll go to.\nIt is not trendy and fancy.\n\nWhat it is, is a great sort of fast-casual (read: slower than McDonalds, faster than a sit-down restaurant) restaurant.  \n\nThe burgers are high quality for a casual dining restaurant.  They have a few different varieties of burgers, all coming in either 1/3lb or 1/2lb versions.  You can also build your own using any combination of their available toppings.  \n\nHighlight of the entire meal for me :  Adding a fried egg on top of my burger.  My wife makes fun of me for it, but toss a fried egg on a burger, and I'm in heaven.  This place tosses a perfectly fried egg ontop of a delicious burger...fantastic.\n\nThe fries are quite tasty as well.  Our super-friendly cashier informed us that the fries are actually McDonalds' old french fry recipe, before they switched to canola oil, etc.  She says Smashburger bought the recipe/etc and now use it as their own.  Who knows if that's true, but it sure did taste true.  Delicious, crispy, salty...amazing.  Just like McD's used to make - you know, before they took out the trans fats, etc.  Maybe they aren't health food...but as a time-to-time indulgence, not so terrible.  They offer regular varieties with sea salt, or they have \SmashFries\"""" with olive oil, rosemary, etc.  They also have Sweet Potato fries...  Hard to choose just one, as they are each great for their own reasons.  Honestly, I think the regular salted fries are my favorite, but not by much.\n\nWe tried the Smashchicken crispy too - not bad!  Hard to order chicken at a place that does such good burgers, but it was quite tasty.  Not the highest quality cut of bird, but it was white meat and tender and pretty darn good.  \n\nFinally...the milkshakes.  Nothing earth-shattering, but definitely quality.  The chocolate was smooth without being overpowering.  They also have a \""""cactus vanilla\"""" which is a blend of vanilla and prickly pear.  I loved it.  Subtle prickly pear flavor with a good strong vanilla.  I really enjoyed it.\n\nThe prices aren't fast food low.  Between 2 of us, we were easily over $20...but we didn't exactly skimp on anything either.  2 burgers, 2 fries, 2 milkshakes.  \n\nWe'll definitely return, and I suggest you give it a shot as well."""""""
"""Although the food is by no means the \best\"""" that Japanese cuisine has to offer, it is still authentic and very good. Having spent almost 2 decades in Japan, I can tell you with certainty that the food is authentic and every bit the kind of food I expect to eat in Japan. It really reminds me of home (yes, Japan is home to me).\n\nIt can get a little hot but it hasn't bugged me one bit thus far since I go when it's not crowded (no body heat). I've never been during the summer though. \n\nFood portions are great (as in definitely a LOT more than they would serve in Japan) and everything on the menu is just super affordable. I'm surprised this place isn't constantly crowded.\n\nThe owner is a very sweet man. He may seem aloof, but the Japanese were never really known to be super familiar in the way they interact with one another. So he's not indifferent - it's just in our culture to not always seem chatty or familiar. He's very nice and so is his wife who seems to be his partner in business.\n\nI can't emphasize this enough, but if you can't afford to travel to Japan to taste what \""""home cooking\"""" is like, then go to Nagazaki Grill Toh Zan."""""""
I just moved to Scottsdale from San Francisco four months ago and I've been pretty disappointed overall with the selection of food and the worst servers in all of the country are found in this entire city. I'm a big food critic and a foodie and I am always searching for the best places anywhere I go.\n\nSince I moved here I've been searching for a really good Mexican place and all of them have left me not even wanting to waste my time writing a review. Many of them are trying to be very 'creative' by adding ingredients that should never even have them to begin with! (i.e., it must be a thing here to have guacamole with craisins or some kind of dried fruit...that is just THE most disgusting thing I've ever had and to be honest I feel bad for these restaurants that do this). \n\nTacos Atoyac definitely grabbed my attention. A true hole in the wall place, overall great!\n\nSome of the items may have lacked seasoning, however they don't try to be creative. I do wish they offered a salsa that did have bigger flavor, bolder, and spicier. \n\nWhen ordering tacos, they give you a side of 'cebollas ahogadas' which are basically onions sauteed softly which is very authentic from a few regions in Mexico. They could have been sauteed a bit more but still very nicely done.\n\nI heard from the grapevine the tall gentleman at the counter speaks perfect Spanish and seems to me he would be more than gladly to answer any questions you might have on the menu which is very easy and no bullshit either. That's great!\n\nOverall, I would recommend this place and would most definitely come back. It's a bit far a commute for me living in Kierland, but it is definitely worth my gas.\n\nCongratulations!
I really love this place!  They have really good sushi and the best Onion Soy salad dressing ever! The service could be better, I usually sit on the patio and there is one girl who is a waitress there who pretty much doesn't smile and is short when she comes to the table to wait on you but other then that I can't think of anything else that I would be able find as a con to this restaurant...I wont knock them a star due to this one girl...I love the place and they deserve the 5 star rating!
"""By far one of the best Mexican places downtown.  Their menu is not just burritos with American cheese like the other typical so called \Mexican\"""" places around the corner.  Their chef has great traditional plates that you will find within the colonial belt in central Mexico. Skip the trip to the south and come try a torta, enfrijolada style.  The drinks are great, definitely a strange place to find a great spot but it goes to show that with good food, everyone will come and come back."""""""
This place is a great find if you are looking for a light, fresh and tasty dessert.  The pops here hit the spot without the tons of calories you would get from a Yogurtland or Cold Stone.  My wife had the arroz con leche while I had the naranja. We both loved our pops and we're planning to come back sooner rather than later and bring folks along.  \n\nWhat I liked best about this place is that they use fresh and natural ingredients.  In today's age of manufactured food production, it's nice to find a place that produces a wholesome natural ice cream bar rather than high fructose corn syrup injected into flavored ice.\n\nI haven't had a paleta before, but my wife has and she commented that eating a paleta is usually a race before it completely melts.  However, the paletas from Betty didn't produce this problem.\n\n\nLike many businesses with a great product, there isn't a whole lot of variety in terms of what's offered - just paletas in an assortment of flavors - but it's plenty once you give it a try.  Enjoy!
"""4.5 stars!\n\nThanks to Yelp for randomly choosing a friend to give complimentary tickets to, bec. I was able to finally see \Fiddler on the Roof\"""" after all of these years of wanting to go!  Even though our seats were at the back of the house, we had full view of the stage, and the acoustics tonight were very, very good.  The wait at the restroom was actually much worse BEFORE the show began than AFTER.\n\nI really enjoyed FotR-- John Preece as the village milkman Tevye was hilarious and very entertaining, as so were the rest of the cast.  The Russian dancers were a joy to watch-- definitely one of the musical's highlights.  (You definitely do NOT want to choose the wedding scene as a time to run to the loo... the Russian dancing here almost had me giving the troop a standing ovation!)  As someone who's seen quite a few musicals, I was pleasantly surprised to recognize that FotR's \""""If I Were a Rich Man\"""" had actually been the original work that inspired Louchie Lou and Michie One's \""""Rich Girl\"""" in 1993, which Gwen Stefani did a remake of in 2004.  I also immediately recognized \""""Sunrise, Sunset.\""""  Loved the sets and the costumes, as well... I heartily recommend this show!"""""""
i love coming here each night after a club. its always a great time. and the music never stops. you just keep going and going. best way to end your night. its small and the outside is large and great smoking area. the crowd is chill and comfortable. i always feel great when i get there and leave. it can get crowded on the dance floor and really hot. thats when i step out for a few and go back to dancing. and the taco stand is realy good. dont leave till you have tried both.
wow i gotta start saying that i had the best salmon i had for a very very long time, i usually dont order fish when is beef on the menu lol i am 100% beefy person but what it got my eye it was cause it was serve with cold couscous and some pickle veggies that made me very happy :) \n\nwe had a pitcher of sangria n it was very tasty as well ..... \n\np.s. i usually dont eat bread before my meal but theirs it was sensational ...
My friend brought me to the Ranch Market to buy tamales for New Year's Eve.  That was four night ago.  I've been back five times since then.  I'm in love with this place. The food is amazing the prices are lower and there is so much atmosphere.  How can I ever go back to Safeway or Fry's.  If you have never been you should get in to your car and drive there right now.  Ranch Market is now on the list of place I am going to take out of town guests.  This is what Phoenix is all about.
"""Best burger place ever! My Fiancee and I love In-N-Out-Burger! At first glance, it seems like an average burger place with just a few menu items, however, once you know about the \secret menu\"""" everything changes. You can get anything from grilled onions with special sauce to lettuce wrapped burgers, all absolutely delicious. Their fries are also amazing, especially animal style. I love that they use fresh ingredients and make their fries right on the spot. \n\nWhen I want a burger,  In-N-Out-Burger is definitely the only place I go! \n\nLast but not least, try a neapolitan shake, it will be the best shake you have ever had!"""""""
Joe's is about as pretty as a picnic basket in the grass! They have a wonderful pastoral outdoor seating area. The inside is redneck delux. Big Long Booths, soft lighting and a John Deer Tractor. \n\nI always get the Pulled Pork Sandwich or the pecan smoked turkey when I come here. They make really good Beans and the cheese potato thing they have is good as well.\n\nThey sell old-fashioned sodas in glass bottles, which I love. \n\nThe dining room is HUGE and this place could easily accomodate a LARGE party\n\nThe food is served cafeteria style, but the quality of the food is way beyond.
I live in San Diego and needed help for my dad who has cancer and is doing chemo.  He doesn't keep the house clean even when he wasn't sick so it was going to be a huge job.  They sent 4 people and ended up needing six to get it done in 3 hours, all for a reasonable price considering what they can do.\n\n  You would not believe how they turned a house that you wouldn't want to spend 5 minutes in to one that you can have a dinner in!  They used magic cleaners to turn a tub that had grout so discolored that you thought replacement was the only option.  A few hours with their magic work and it's new again. the same with the toilets, etc.etc... The whole place sparkles.  No job is too big for them.  We are so happy and amazed!  Thank you!!
Always a great meal at Tottie's.  Probably one of the better appointed Thai restaurants you'll ever eat at.  The Pad Se Ew is always tasty.  WATCH OUT for their spice levels.  Even when you specify medium spicy, the kitchen staff gets heavy handed.  Err on the lower side of the spicy scale if you don't want your lips to catch fire.  The Tottie rolls were creative...egg rolls served with fresh lettuce, mint, and cilantro so you could pick the herbs and roll them up into the lettuce.  Loved that.  This was our 2nd time here and it's always a good choice.
I ended up leaving my house last Saturday evening and noticed I had a flat tire.  Ended up putting my spare on and brought the tire by Sam's to see if they could fill it up since it showed no damage. They went above and beyond to inspect the tire for leaks then not only filled it but balanced it as well.  Very helpful service and couldn't have asked for more.  Turned my night around to say the least.  Thank you Kenny and Cameron.  Been going to this Sam's for a while now and will continue to do so.
Yasu Sushi is porn for your taste buds. \n\nI've wracked my brains for a fitting analogy and that's the closest I can come. (Pun intended.) \n\nToday I had lunch here with a friend. Between the two of us, we had two rolls of tuna and salmon nigiri, a large bowl of miso soup, a salad, the most beautifully prepared grilled black cod glazed with some special exotic sauce I've ever tasted in my life, and a beef stir fry to top it all off. We basically stuffed our fat faces full of mind-blowing, top notch Japanese cooking, and what did the total bill come to? 39 stinking bucks, before tip. \n\nThat, folks, is obscene. It's a gross violation of any community's decency standards. It's so good you'll need to keep looking around to make sure no one's watching as you indulge. When the bill came (pun intended), I was reminded of when a buddy and I were little kids and discovered a secret stash of Playboy magazines in the park behind my house. As we devoured the delightful visions we'd never seen before with our rapacious, prepubescent eyes, we knew we had to get the hell out of there soon because surely this was too good to be true and some freak was going to pounce on us any minute. And so it is with Yasu, where I intend to come, and come, and come again as long as I can.
I love this salon! It feels like home everyone is so friendly.  The decor is adorable, I always find something new to check out.  The receptionists are all lovely.  I personally go to Bethany because she is amazing but I have used Karen before and found her to be a consumate professional.  I feel like the previous poster should really give her a second chance, everyone is late sometimes and I wouldnt fault her for going out of her way for a regular client.  She did my make up for an event and I absolutley loved it!  Top notch.  Becca's nails are second to none and there are lots of other amenities I cant wait to try!  I would definetly recomend this place of business to anyone I know.
I used to travel halfway across the valley to go to Joe's BBQ in Gilbert; now, I have a new favorite destination for loaded bakers.  This place is wonderful - fast service, friendly people, and AMAZING food (to be fair, I have only tried the brisket, loaded baker, pulled pork sandwich, macaroni & cheese and cornbread. I am sure there is much more to taste).  We need more go-to family restaurants like this in the neighborhood. Also, their BBQ sauce is delicious. I'm not sure what the other reviewers are talking about.
This was such a beautiful course and you don't really think you are playing in the desert somewhere! There were definitely a lot of holes with water so make sure you bring a lot of balls!! Some were sooooo difficult like the gold course that had the river right behind the hole so if you overshot...say bye bye to your perfectly played ball.  There were a few island holes too esp on a par 3 in the white course.  The people there were sooo friendly and one of my favorite was the fruit scented ice towel the marshall comes to deliver to you!!! MMMMM...it smells soooooooo good!!\n\nAfter the game...make sure you go to Bernards to have their reuben sandwich! It is sooo juicy....the beef just drips down your hand!  BTW, their chicken quesadilla is amazing too! Fried just to a perfect crisp.
I've been waiting for my daughter's birthday party before reviewing Sweet Pea despite an already established love.  I put in a special order for a cake and was awaiting the results before devoting time to a write-up.\n\nMy quest for an Amazingly Good Cake is documented under my Tammie Coe review and this is the second bakery that passed the test and is easily tied for first place.  I love Sweet Pea and Tammie Coe in very different ways and are both excellent at what they do.\n\nThe cake here is a drier and more crumbly style, but that's how it's supposed to be.  The chocolate is rich and decedent.\n\nThe stand out item is the olive oil carrot cupcake, topped with whipped mascarpone.  Carrot cake is not a favorite of mine, however I drive out of my way for one of these cupcakes.  The icing is a perfect compliment to the spice of the cakes.\n\nThe custom cake I ordered for the birthday party was chocolate with a mascarpone filling, buttercream and fondant iced to create a hat.  The custom cakes are extremely affordable, not much more than a mediocre Costco crisco-cake and far less expensive than a standard Tammie Coe cake of the same size.\n\nI posses absolutely no creativity and told Danielle that she had full creative control.  An image of the cake has been added to the Sweet Pea photos and I'm hoping that someone else took a better photo of it.  It was beautiful, delicious, and an absolute hit.
Was in town for a softball tournament on the weekend of April 14th-15th and went to Giuseppe's on 28th for our team dinner on Saturday night.  Since we weren't sure when we would be able to arrive at the restaurant due to playing and we needed a table for 20, the owner, Richard, was nice enough to offer up his restaurant and his staff after hours at 9pm for us. How awesome is that!\n\nRichard and his staff were amazingly friendly and helpful, especially considering they were staying after hours to serve a rowdy bunch of softball players.  \n\nBetween all the people in our party,  we tried a huge variety of the menu.  The food was all delicious and came flying out of the kitchen.  A few stands outs being the Veal Osso Buco and Squid Ink Pasta w/Shrimp and Calamari.  Oh and the Gorgonzola and Honey Bruschetta and the Tiramisu are MUST TRIES!\n\nA HUGE THANK YOU to Richard and his staff for a fabulous dinner. The whole team was grateful for all you did for us and very satisfied with the dinning experience you provided.
It feels as though I've been running for ages but I just took up running again at the end of 2010. I finally participated in various running events throughout 2011. I live a block from the PF Chang's RnR Full Marathon route. For so many years, I would walk a block with my morning robe & chanclas with coffee in hand and cheer on the runners. I've always wanted to be a part of this event so I'm thrilled I did just that. I ran the half mary. I took the light rail from Camelback and Central down to Tempe - piece of cake. Cake? Yum. Part of the reason I ran this race was because of the new course - I really liked. Finish Line was filled with excitement. \n\nCongrats to all those that helped put this event together. Volunteers and fans/suppoerters were awesome. This race is now in my Bucket List. The 2013 race will be the day after the Temecula Valley Half Marathon so I'll have to miss this race next year. Where there is wine...there goes Xavier! Cheers***
I can't believe I'm giving 5 stars to a BBQ place, but this place is damn good.  I normally don't get excited about BBQ.\n\nI had the pulled pork sandwich, macaroni salad and baked beans.  Everything was excellent, the meat, the sauce, the bun, the mac salad, and definitely the beans.  Seriously, this place was tasty.  It was even reasonably priced.  \n\nOne guy at my table got this crazy sausage-on-a-bun with pork and sweet potato fires on it.  Seriously, don't eat this on a first date, but it looked like an adventure.  His waffle fries looked great, too.\n\nTo finish things off, I left my cellphone on the table and the girl behind the counter chased me down in the parking lot and gave it to me.\n\nI'm excited to try something else, but I wouldn't be surprised if my usual order is exactly what I had today.
I finally made it to The Chuck Box and I am very glad I did! Like other reviewers stated, the ordering/paying system is screwed up, but ultimately, I'm here for a delicious burger and fries! Make that a Double Big Burger with bacon and American cheese. It took a little while, but good things come to those who wait. And man, was it good. I'm ranking it at either second or third in my Best Burgers of Phoenix list. The Chuck Box grills their burgers over an open flame, giving it a great flavor.\n\nI get people's issue with a fixin's bar, but when I was there it was in decent shape. I'm willing to forgo my slight germaphobia in order to get whatever I want, the way I want it, on my burger. Also, the midwesterner inside me loves the fact that they offer free ranch dressing for all your French fry dipping pleasure. (Please note: I'm not at all from the midwest)\n\nI went with a friend after a day trip to Sedona for some hiking. We both heard great things and wanted to give it a try. After an impromptu decision to head directly to Chuck Box, we made a second impromptu decision to make it a Tempe burger tour and give Lobby's a try as well. Both were great, but I'm giving the nod to Chuck Box, while my friend voted for Lobby's.
This place looks pretty rough from the outside, and is easy to miss. On the inside; however, it's quite comfortable and nice. I'm a fan of Horchata in general, but I have to say La Condesa has the best I've ever had. Also, they managed to change my opinion about Mole with their Mole Chicken taco. \n\nThe salsa bar has no equal! Cilantro Salsa, Jicama Salsa, Peanut Salsa, the list goes on an on. You can experience what seems like enless and amazing combinations of flavors.\n\nI'm definitely going back!
I have taken my car to Gab for multiple issues over the last 2 years and he has always been just wonderful. As a woman, trips to the mechanic are always less than fun but he was honest with me, always gave me a fair price and would always take the time to explain to me what he had done to my vehicle and show me the parts he replaced, etc. I would recommend this place to anyone. Many of my coworkers use him as well and I've never heard a complaint from anyone. His shop has saved me a time or two for sure!!
I was in the Mill Avenue District last night and as I was walking south from the light rail stop I noticed this shop.  There were red bench/couches along the walls and very 50s modern colorful chairs by the tables.  I noticed the video screens above the yogurt dispensers and I thought that was cool.  I made a note of the place and thought I should come back (I hadn't had dinner yet).  So off I went to dinner.\n\nAfter my dinner I decided to put my commerce where my mouth was and so I stopped in to Mojo ASU-Mill Ave.  I looked around for a few moments until I figured out the system.  Then came the big decision...what to have.  I looked around and decided that since I used to be a Skinny White Boy then that's what I'd get.  So I got my yogurt and went over to the topping bar and figured I'd keep it basic so I just went with strawberries.  I made a great choice (for myself anyway) because the yogurt was top-tier and the strawberries were very fresh and very tasty.\n\nAs I was eating my creation I looked around and noticed they were playing some sort of black and white video on one of the HDTV screens against the outer wall,  I thought that was a nice touch.  I enjoyed the modern/urban vibe I got from the place and the fact it was so close to the light rail stop satisfied my sensibilities.  I'll definitely be going back!!
I was here for a work conference but it was a vacation for me.  The place is amazing.  It has really clean and nice rooms, the view is amazing.  Everything is very open and the place has everything you need.  You don't really need to leave this place.  I was hesitant about the restaurants located inside the hotel but the Sushi restaurant near the lobby is really good and not that expensive and the SWB bistro is also pretty good.  The swimming pools are nice, the water slides are fun, the tennis courts are nice, the fitness center, golf course are all really nice.  I would highly recommend coming to this place.
Zoo LIghts gets better each year. This year they added more to the dancing lights that move to music. The ball in the middle of the pond and the trees surrounding the pond on each side dance now. This is a great event for families and dates. A nice cup of hot chocolate and a stroll to see all the lights is a great way to get into the holiday spirit. They have a talking giraffe as well for the kiddos. I do recommend going during the week if possible to avoid the crowds but they are open even on Christmas and New Years eve. It ends on January 6th so you still have time to get over there and extend your holidays!
Such an awesome boutique style hotel... \n\nI booked my companies National Sales Meeting here and everything was fantastic. The guest rooms, the meeting space, the banquet food during the meetings, the hotel restaurant - Cafe ZuZu, the restaurant behind the hotel - Trader Vics, the accommodating staff, the pool area and jacuzzi and how could I forget cleanliness. Everything here met and exceeded my expectations. \n\nNoni , the National Sales Manager assisted me with setting up the guest rooms, meeting spaces, catering needs etc. We may have been a headache to her for all the last minute changes we had but she was so patient and very pleasant to work with at all times. The meeting space was great, the room was always setup as we planned; snacks and lunch were always ready on time. \n\nThe hotel room sizes were great, especially for two people sharing a room. The long counter space and large mirrors are especially great for two women sharing a room. Lots of counter space for lots of cosmetics, haha. Great patio attached to the room. Large bathroom again, plenty of counter space and not only does this bathroom have a large tub, but it also has a separate stand up shower and the toilet is in its own little room. Clean, clean, clean and the soaps and moisturizers left out for guest smell fantastic, I think its lavender? \n\nCafe Zuzu is always the place to be whether its inside for breakfast... or enjoying a drink at the inside bar or outside on the patio enjoying lunch in the sun. Great food all around. I had the best banana pancakes there for breakfast, the entire time I ate them I had that Jack Johnson song stuck in my head. \n\nUnfortunately the weather was not nice enough for us to enjoy the pool or cabanas, but some coworkers and I did take some time to enjoy the jacuzzi's and relax. \n\nThe hotel overall impressed my coworkers and I. I definitely plan to go back on my own time to the Valley Ho to vacation.
I had never heard of White Lion Tea until I stayed at the Gaylord Hotel at the National Harbor.  Their Green Passion Tea was absolutely INCREDIBLE.  It was light and delicate, yet fruity and aromatic.  It was a little cup of heaven.  My co-workers and I were fighting over the different flavors and stuffing them in our work bags. (Don't tell the hotel!)  Their website is full of great flavors and beautiful packaging... makes a great gift!  And they always have a special up their sleeves.  \n\nSupport this fun company that is bringing great tea to the masses!  You won't regret it.
First, I was only going to give this store four stars because always being asked for change is annoying.  On second thought, I realize this is part of what makes this store click so it is all the way five.\n\nA consumer needs to know some general things about the 99 Cent Only store chain.  They  really have an amazing variety of stock at nothing more than 99 cents. In some cases, you will find items for less.  (Try regular, or low sodium, V 8 juice for 59 cents a can. When I say they have a variety, I have purchased everything to computer parts to dvd's to cd's to tv antennas to alarm clocks to gift bags of all sizes to different things I have used in volunteer work with Ballet AZ.  They always have special items for the current holiday.  The Anderson Split Pea soup that is $1.47 and up at the grocery stores is 99 cents here and they have different varieties.  I never failed to be surprised when I see individual french milled soaps next to bars of lava soap. They have a gourmet section that incudes things I have absolutely no idea of what they are used for but it's nice to know they are there if i ever need them?. In season, you will find plants that are two dollars less than Bashas has the same size at the time I write this.  I admit to being a shopper so I like just spending time and perusing almost all the shelves.  One of the latest things that really surprised me were boxes of extra large condoms made in colors only!!  Add spice to your sex life in how many different colors?\n\nNow, it is time to figures out why this particular store on Indian School is unique and has the drawing power that it does for me.This is an interesting store.  The one on 12 th street that is just about the same distance to my house, is bigger and it isn't as crowded.  So why do I shop there more?  Is it because it was there first and I am used to it?  Is it because in this store I have run into people who clearly don't want to be seen shopping there-that's a biggie!  Maybe I just like the real diversity in the people that work and shop there.  Not that often do I get to use the smatterings of different languages I know with people who don't any more English than I know of their tongues.  Trying to make known that you need an alarm clock in Swahili is a challenge.  This store is truly an adventure and I love it!  It's not for the faint of heart.  And as I said before, what can be better than listening to the stammering explanation of someone who lives at Scottsdale Ranch and wouldn't  be caught dead in a place like that when you come around a corner and there they are pushing a full shopping cart.  That is as opposed to seeing someone like the dear lady I know who keeps a little winter place at the Biltmore, gushing over what terrific buys they have and being glad to see a friend. The only thing I wish they could change about this store would be to have someone there to keep the panhandlers out of the parking lot.  Even that can be interesting at times.  Someone asked me for change the other day, and the person looked at what I gave her and she told me that I could do better than that, couldn't I?  As she said, a dollar really didn't go as far as it did a year ago with the economy the way it is.  Who was I to argue with that line of thinking.  I gave her more and felt good about this budding economist.\n\nOne tip about getting to this store that can save you time.  You don't ever want to make a left turn into it or out of it in rush hour traffic.  Talk about having a death wish?  Instead, go north in the parking lot and make a left and go across the parking lot pass the Arthur Murray Dance studio and out to 12th st.   There another way to go out north but it takes you through neighborhoods full of people and cars.  I am sharing my secret with you.  It is so much easier, this way,
Woohoo, a restaurant where I (being vegan) can order anything off the menu!!!\n\nThe fare here is generally towards the unhealthy side of things, but that's OK once in a while.\n\nThe balsamic picnic salad was very good -- the dried figs were a great addition that you don't see very often.\n\nAs for entrees, my wife likes the bbq 'chicken' sandwich and the green burger.  I agree with the assessment on the green burger -- and the thyme fries are awesome!\n\nThe 'bowl' dishes are good to, but not as spectacular as the sandwiches.\n\nThe place is uniquely decorated, is very casual, and a little bit hippie, which I am totally cool with.\n\nIf you have room, maybe you can split a tsoynami with you friend.  It's good, even though I usually don't care for soy-based 'ice creams'.
Very cheerful, upbeat atmosphere. Excellent service. There is a huge screen that usually shows sports for the fans. And, a happy hour that makes the food significantly cheaper. If you are wanting to listen to modern Irish jigs while eating delicious food (who doesn't?!), read on.\n\nI've ordered a number of appetizers and dishes here. The cod and pork sliders are by far the best. There are also wings, fries and Irish-style pizzas, and tacos, among other dishes. If you are a first-timer, make sure you go during happy hour (4 pm to 7 pm) and order pork tacos and cod sliders; you won't regret it. God, I'm salivating just thinking about going back.
"""Pharmacist is SO FUNNY! He always brightens my day and brings comedic relief to a dull task (picking up prescriptions). \n\nI don't do much of my grocery shopping at Albertson's since I try and purchase mostly sustainable foods, but their french bread is DELICIOUS! I could seriously eat a whole loaf in one sitting. The management is accommodating. I did once get hit on and stalked throughout the store by one of their creepy bag people. I think he might have been a little \out there\"""" though, so it was more humorous than anything."""""""
"""ROTD: Part Deux.\n\nO-M-G, That's right, OMG.\n\n(For us who aren't 13, it means: OH MY GOD)\n\nSo the fiance and I are in town visiting her parents when lunch strikes and she asks \What do you want?\""""\n\nInstantly my stance hunches over and my palms start rubbing together like Mr. Burns, \""""You're Hungry? Eggggseeeelllleennntt\"""" I say. \n\nOne swipe, one touch, and a few taps later we're following the old iPhone to Cornish Pasty's Mesa location, with me, at this point, bouncing up and down in the car like a child whose forgotten to take their riddlin for the day. \n\n\""""What's a Pasty?\"""" She says...\n\n\""""Oh-ho-ho\"""" I respond with a Santa Like cheer \""""Just wait\""""\n\nAs we arrive the strip mall decor looks familiar, except instead of thinking this is an old timers pub, one may mistake it for a dry cleaners. \n\nInside sits an area that has to be at least twice as big as the Tempe location, complete with pews to sip on your suds and nosh away at your nostalgic nourishment. \n\nAlso Like the Tempe location, if you sit at the bar you'll see chefs hand making new pasties and the pride they put into each one. \n\nSo 17 dollars, 2 Pasties, 2 drinks and a happy fiancee later I can confidently say \""""SCREW YOU RECESSION!!\"""" because she was so impressed, she even bought :) \n\nEat your heart out ,er...A Pasty, Alan Greenspan."""""""
Favorite sushi place in Scottsdale! Sushi is fresh, reasonably priced and service is great! Try the JPop and the Samurai Warrior. They have a really good happy hour, $1 Saki...can't beat that lol and they have happy hour on Sunday! The Saki infused drinks are tasty as well. The vegi wraps are pretty good too. Try the Karaoke there for groups!  They have heated toilet seats in the bathroom which is a plus! Be aware of the giant green rock in the middle of the restaurant if you've had too many saki...I don't know why it's there but can be hazardous haha.
All I have to say is WOW! This place is EXCELLENT!   All the dishes we had were extremely fresh, authentic, and DELICIOUS!  \n\nMy favorite pot stickers EVER.  The skin is super thin, tender, not greasy, mostly steamed encased around a very light, delicate dumpling that makes me want to order 2 next time. 6 is just not enough, they are tiny, but oh so delectable! The sauce is perfectly balanced of sweet, spicy, and tangy and does not overpower the pot sticker.  It also comes with a thin airy, crispy (rice chip?) underneath the pot stickers that give it an extra texture with scallions scattered about.  MMMMMMmmmmm.\n\nThe green curry is more brothy than others than other's that I have had, but no matter...It is delicious with bits of vegetable, and whatever meat you prefer..we got chicken.  I love sopping it up with rice and trying to eat it with chopsticks.  You may need a spoon :) \n\nThe eggplant and chicken stir fry is also fabulous.  The asian eggplants are cooked to perfection. Their sauces are spot on.  \n\nBEST Coconut ice cream!  It is light, fluffy, icy, dreamy, pea-nutty, coconut cloud confection that makes my mouth water!  It is not sickly sweet sticky artificial coconut tasting at all...Predominant coconut flavor is not my favorite and I LOVE THIS! \n\nEven if you don't like curries, there is plenty of food here that will make you a fan!  This is a mom and pop kind of place, they are really nice.  It's a trek for us, but definitely worth the drive!
"""After reading so many good reviews about this place, we went and checked out.   The buttermilk pie it's out of this world and the owner was super nice and super friendly. Besides buttermilk pie, we also ordered our daughter six birthday theme cake from here. The theme of the cake was \Rio\"""": the decorations of the cake were outstanding.  Every detail it's so real just like from the movie.  The cake was super moist, the aroma its fresh bake cake, and every bite it's full of flavor. We can tell that Shelly's put a lot of efforts into this cake.   All of our guests were delighted and some even sneak it in their purse.   Keep up the good work Shelly and I'll see you soon!"""""""
"""I have been a big fan of Cafe Rhumba since my first visit. This is a great example of a restaurant with a somewhat limited menu - but consistent taste and quality across the board. I've tried a variety of different items and have never been disappointed. \n\nIf you are a newbie, here are three suggestions to start:\n\n1. The Rhumba Burrito: \nCan't go wrong here. It's the signature pork, chicken or steak on a flour tortilla where you choose the fixin's. The pork is a personal favorite, it's always moist (unlike a lot of those other burrito places) and flavorful. The ingredients are fresh and served just the way  you like them. Be sure to try the tomatillo salsa. If you're looking for something different, ask for a side of \Baja Sauce\"""" a ranchy-style light jalepeno dressing for a little kick. It's not football-sized but it's pretty big and filling for most. \n\n2. The Rhumba BBQ Chicken Pizza:\nUnless you have a big appetite, this pizza serves two. It's basically two cheese crisps, filled with fresh shredded chicken, onions, cilantro and tomatoes and a rich and spicy Chipotle BBQ sauce. It's just a little spicy without being overpowering. Great flavors all around. Just like regular pizza, it also tastes great the next day, so if you can't finish it, just take it home!\n\n3. The Rhumba Salad:\nA fresh flour tortilla holds a bed of fresh greens and your choice of pork, chicken or beef. I usually add rice, corn, pico along with the cheese and tortilla strips. For dressing, I like the roasted tomatillo to really bring out the flavor of the meat without overpowering it. Plus, when you're done, you can eat the bowl. Well, you can eat the fresh tortilla anyway. It's a big salad but you'll be surprised at how fast you devour it. I am not a salad guy by any means but I love this salad - and I can eat a little more than usual because it's pretty healthy. \n\nAlcohol is available or you can go with an assortment of bottled or fountain drinks. \n\nFor us, the service is always great, with a little interaction with the staff who is creating your meal to order. The atmosphere isn't fancy but it is definitely family friendly, so feel free to bring the kids. If it's cool, grab a bite on the outdoor patio or dine inside. Your call. \n\nIt's not really fast food but like the saying goes, more \""""good food served quickly\"""". I think another reviewer's description of something between Chipotle and Bajio is right on. If you're thinking of giving Cafe Rhumba a try, go for lunch and get the lunch special - usually a small Rhumba burrito, drink and \""""rhumba fries\"""" which are deep fried tortilla crisps coated in cinnamon sugar. It's a nice sized meal to get you through the day without needing a nap afterward. And the combo price is always nice.\n\nIf you're tired of chains and looking for a place that serves fresh food daily in a few flavorful combinations, visit Cafe Rhumba. You'll be glad you did!"""""""
We love this place. Great for the young boy to find friends and run around before, during and after our food.\n\nThe kids choices are not as great as I would want. Full size grown up food is always amazing.\n\nThe grilled bbq pizza is good but it is hit or miss on how burnt the bottom is. :(\n\nThe farm is a treat. We spend more time on dinner when we are here. Life slows down for us a little.\n\nGet a malted vinilla shake. Sooooo worth it.\n\nGarlic fries/green beans are overloaded with garlicky goodness. Can you tell I am hungry as I type this? \n\nA bit pricy to eat often for us. But we are never disappointed.
My sweet lord, The Betos!  I have had just about every item on the menu (except for maybe the shrimp, I mean I'm not insane) and this place just delivers time and time and time again.  It's my first stop whenever I travel back to Arizona.  The absurdly delicious breakfast burritos, the shredded beef tacos with roughly 78,000 grams of fat per serving, steak supreme nachos which weigh about 3 pounds, cheese enchilidas...this place has it all, and open 24/7 to boot.  The staff is friendly, fast, and helpful, so be a pal and don't be shy about dropping a dollar in the tip jar, these guys earn it.
"""After talking to a number of bartenders in the area -- and doing some fairly extensive personal research -- I feel pretty comfortable saying that if you want the best cocktails in the Phoenix area, you should head to the Jade Bar at the Sanctuary Resort.  \n\nThis is off the beaten path a bit, and after a few miles down streets with no street lights, it felt a bit like driving to a ski lodge up in the mountains.  It's worth the drive though.  I had two excellent cocktails (\The Last Word\"""" and a \""""Pendemums Club\""""), and one enjoyable and informative conversation with Jillian the bartender.  Wish I could have made some of their mixology classes."""""""
"""Superb.  I have not met a pasty I didn't like here.  Oggie, veggie oggie, lamb vindaloo, carne adovada, etc., and the list goes on, and will continue to grow as I eat my way through the menu.  This is a great place for vegetarians as well since they use Quorn and faux ground beef.  My veggie oggie was almost indistinguishable in taste from a regular oggie.  Dessert is also excellent.  I've had the apple caramel pasty and it was the perfect way to end our meal.\n\nThis is a must-eat-at restaurant.  Plus, with enough happy hour car bombs ($2 after 10 PM, and from 3-5 PM), you can giggle inwardly (or outwardly) at the thought of eating something called \pasty\"""" (yes, even though it really is pronounced Pass-teee)."""""""
I wanted to give this place a second go-around before writing my review.  I felt like I might have just been over-hyped into believing this place was THAT great after my first encounter.  During that trip, I had the Coronado Coney  and it was amazing.  So I went back last night and got the Tuna Sandwich.  It was also amazing.  So I give in to the hype and award my five stars.\nThe place is awesome. I love the house, the layout, the tables, the servers, and the location.  I LOVE the old school hip hop music - it totally makes this place unique.  I love the food that is accompanied by homemade crisps and a kosher pickle.  I love the happy hour that runs till 6 and the accompanying beer selection.\nI love this place.\n\nOne suggestion - dump the damn 4 Peaks beer.  Everyone has it, it's not that good, and there is better stuff out there.  Also - add a cider to your selection.
SETS THE STANDARD FOR JAPANESE FOOD OUTSIDE JAPAN. _DON'T_ MISS IT.\n\nIt's been a long time since my initial review of Hana. In fact it was one of my very first on Yelp. I opined on my five-points requirement to get on my sushi-worth-eating list, and those first visits did not fail to impress. I spoke about my personal scale of very good, excellent and life changing sushi. Indeed, Hana is always excellent, and i may say _usually_ life changing. Over the months Lori, Koji and family have shown me the the secrets of Japanese cuisine and the delight of specially-ordered ingredients, like:\n\n-- real Japanese Kobe beef.\n-- live ama ebi\n-- live scallops\n-- live giant clam\n-- daikon delight\n-- zaruten soba\n-- miso ramen\n-- monkfish pate (ankimo)\n-- oysters on the half shell\n-- bento box delight\n-- hamachi kama\n-- natto maki\n-- hawaiian walu sashimi\n-- shima mackerel\n-- wild salmon\n\nAnd that's just the specials. Hana SETS THE STANDARD for quality, every time in its\n-- Toro sashimi\n-- Fresh Salmon\n-- Maguro so red, i've heard it called beet red.\n-- Ika\n-- Tamago\n-- Seaweed Salad\n-- miso soup\n\nAnd if you're feeling adventurous, many Americanized-craziness dishes abound for your culinary quest:\n-- Mt. Fuji roll\n-- Volcano roll\n-- Pride roll\n-- Lobster roll\n-- Hana roll\n\nSERVICE\nhas matured into an approachable and almost joyous pride to be able to share their food with their customers. Restauranting can be such a gritty grind, but Koji, Lori and the team present their carefully chosen ingredients with love and passion every day. Besides the excellent food, it is that passion which brings me back night after night, week after week.\n\nI can see that despite my instructions against it, you all HAVE told your friends about Hana. Please stop spreading the news! There just isn't enough room for us all. LOL. Enjoy.\n\nP.S. \n\nCheck out their website for social-network specials on Facebook and Foursquare. By the way, don't bother trying to oust me as Foursquare Mayor; it's a lost cause!
"""Love this place! \n\nI was lucky enough to be invited to Yelp's Craftacular, and had so much fun getting to play with some of their supplies- from pretty holiday paper to decorative paper punches to the embossing heat tool.\n\nIt was great to see how much the staff loved working their crafty magic with the supplies as we made our way around to the 3 different crafting tables. We got to create an embossed wine bottle gift tag (or a door knob decoration if you like), a gift tag with a pop-out ornament on it, and our very own Holiday Card and envelope.\n   \nOnce upon a time, I loved to do paper crafts like card making, but have since gotten too busy. But being at Paper Source reminded me of all the reasons I loved doing it before, and I can't wait to start doing some more again.\n\nThe whole store is like a Wonderland of Paper Craft Supplies as well as awesome novelty gifts and cards. So there really is something for everyone- whether you want to buy a cute gift or card... or buy the supplies to make something yourself, they have it all.\n   \nI also really appreciated speaking with store manager Emily who talked a little bit about the store's dedication to the environment (their Paper Source products are made from at least 30% post-consumer waste).\n\nTheir prices are moderate- very comparable to other paper goods stores. For all of the products they offer, the store is very organized and easy to find what you're looking for. The staff obviously loves what they do and are happy to share creative ideas. And they offer lots of classes (which apparently book up quickly), in case you need a jump-start for your creativity.\n\nTheir motto is \Do something creative every day\"""" and they really are the \""""Source\"""" to help get you started on that journey!"""""""
I dumped my last dentist because he talked to me like I was about five years old. As an adult, I take offense. As a physician, I take extra offense. \n\nSo my friend recommended Dr. Steen, citing a centrally located gorgeous office, modern facilities, and really hot office staff. I don't particularly care about the last part, but good to know.\n\nFrom my first phone call to the check-out at the end of my visit, the office staff was endlessly patient and took the time to thoroughly explain everything. The facilities are very impressive, meticulously clean and spacious. Dr. Steen is very pleasant and was the happy medium between strong and silent and way too chatty. His exam was amazingly thorough, as were his comments throughout regarding what he saw. He didn't try to hard sell me any unnecessary procedures and didn't try to scare me into flossing with threats of periodontal disease, receding gums, or rotting teeth. The staff never looked at me funny when I arrived red-faced and huffing and puffing from hauling ass from the hospital to get to my appointment on time, which is always appreciated. \n\nThe cherry on top is their on-line service for patients that lets you view your appointment times and sign up to get reminders by text message, which is perfect for me. \n\nMy only complaint was that I had to make two separate appointments for the exam and the cleaning; however, once I realized how much time Dr. Steen spent during the examination, I understand! (Plus, we were working around a time crunch and my tight schedule.)
My husband and I were really excited to try Cowboy Ciao after all the rave reviews we'd seen on Yelp and were definitely not disappointed - at least not by the food and drinks. The fact that we were less than impressed with the atmosphere (really dark, decor kind of reminded me of Black Angus) and staff (our server was overly enthusiastic when presenting the specials but not around when you needed more water or the check) isn't enough to make me take away a star or two because the food and drinks were delicious and well-prepared enough to make the experience a great one despite these drawbacks. \n\nI got the Movie Star Martini, and my husband got some version of the Manhattan (can't remember the name) - both drinks tasted like well-thought-out concoctions and were definitely worth the $10-$12 (which is something I cannot say for many over-priced restaurant cocktails). We started with the oh-so-famous Chopped and it was heavenly. We actually didn't like the Buffalo Carpaccio as much as we hoped we would - while the meat itself was tender and fresh, the chef had overseasoned it and the espresso and cumin flavors were overpowering. \n\nFor our entrees, we had the pork chop stuffed with blue cheese and bread pudding and the short ribs with cherry bbq sauce. We were both impressed that the server asked if we were ok with having the pork slightly undercooked -this preparation is really the most flavorful, but many people remain uncomfortable with undercooked pork because of the trichinosis incidents of many years ago. Having it prepared this way made it so tender, and the meat's flavor was complemented by the bread pudding, figs/raisins, and flavorful sauce that accompanied it. The beef short ribs were also deliciously tender and came with a hearty but so rich serving of pecan grits. My favorite part was definitely the tangy barbecue sauce with whole cherries in it. \n\nOverall, this was a great (although expensive!) meal, and I am sure that we will return to Cowboy Ciao (maybe with guests from out of town) although the slightly-pretentious decor, service, and concept will probably prevent us from making this a more frequent destination.
A coworker has been bringing in donuts from Donut Central for months now (since the last quarter of '09), and I've been meaning to write a few words of praise for their very tasty and light-as-air (Look Ma, no greasy fingers!) fluffly donuts that offer amazing great mouth-feel!  While I've sampled only a few varieties (plain glazed; plain chocolate-glazed; chocolate-glazed plain and chocolate donuts w/ crushed peanuts; maple-glazed plain and cake donuts; crullers; and solid and Bavarian cream-filled eclairs-- yeah, just a few), my favorite would have to be the crushed peanut-topped chocolate-glazed plain donuts.  The plain chocolate-glazed is a VERY close second, as I love the mocha-flavor the glaze delivers.  (Perhaps the peanut flavor overwhelmed my tastebuds so that I didn't notice the hint of coffee in the chocolate glaze that the crushed peanuts rested on, but I'd wager that the shop uses more than one flavor of chocolate glaze.)  \n\nIt would be almost impossible for you to make a bad choice when selecting a donut variety here, if it weren't for the off-tasting Bavarian cream.  If you're looking for a delicious version, check out Bosa's.  (Too bad I won't be able to enjoy another one of those, though, as I had to endure a papule on my cheek for weeks-- one of many, less-painful symptoms I often have to suffer through due to food allergies.  Not worth it.)\n\nDisclaimer: Don't know what the price-point is, as I've never had to pay for the boxes I've shared w/ other coworkers.  These donuts are so good, though, that I've had to ask donut-guy to stop bringing them in.  Coworkers who've invested hundreds of dollars trying to lose weight on the HCG diet had begun to wonder if I had a secret agenda.  Nope.  No agenda.  Just trying not to eat them all myself!\n\nBTW, the jumbo croissants are d'lish!  They stay nice and fresh even when they're a day old!
"""Had a need to sell some gold (a watch and a few rings) and thought I stop in as I've seen the store many times while in the Town and Country shopping center.  Met with the owner and was more than pleased at the price he paid me.  Not only that, but I explained to him that the gold was my mom's who fell on hard times and that it was hard for her to give up the watch.  He was so kind and literally gave me two costume watches so that she would not have to go without.  While he was was putting new batteries in the watches (great service) I looked around and found a beautiful bracelet that I figured I couldn't afford.  Not only could I afford it (I bought it) but I will make this my \go to\"""" place for jewelry, both for myself and as gifts.  This store is a great little find!"""""""
Spinato's is a hip little Chicago style pizza joint located between industrial complexes just south of Tempe Marketplace. It's like a hole-in the wall, but once inside, you're treated to high ceiling, brick wall, cute music, trendy art, and romantic lighting. The seating is limited but there's a back room and willingness to hold a large party. I've never been here where seating was an issue, so I think they have adequate space.\n\nI've been here twice, once with a large group for lunch (6+), and once with a small group for dinner (5). It was comfortable, inviting, and the food tasted very good. The desert was also tasty. The pizza takes a little while to come out but it's well worth the wait.\n\nThe environment makes this place a 5. It's very inviting. The waitress was having her first day and was still a sweetheart and split a check 3 ways. The other time, we just got great, consistent service. They also have crushed ice, if that means anything to you. It's so good! Huge cups.\n\nThe location is funny, but there's plenty of parking. It is easy to miss if you're going north, but easy to see if you're going south. It's in a complex with a lot of industrial business, so there's sufficient, clearly marked parking.\n\nYou'll have a good time. Perfect for a date.
I have been a customer of the Car Repair Company for 8 years now.  They've seen three of my cars for both maintenance work and for repairs, ranging from minor to major.\n\nThe owner has fair prices, ensures that his team thoroughly explains the problem found, gets permission before conducting repairs, and delivers when promised.\n\nEverytime I've been in to the shop, I've been treated as though I was family.  Today, they took it to a whole new level.  This morning my wife's car smelled like gasoline...they got me in without an appointment first thing....got the part...and repaired it, all within two hours.  That would have been great enough, but what took it to a whole new level?  The office manager was cooking up lunch while I was there...RIBEYE steaks of all things, for the team.  When they invited me to join for lunch, I thought they were kidding.  No way they said....and here I am stuffed after downing 14oz steak.  I'm still shaking my head in disbelief.\n\nCar Repair Co has a life-long customer.
FAVORITE PLACE TO STAY IN SCOTTSDALE\n\nWell, for non-resorts, that is.  It's the best location in Old Town Scottsdale, has really nice suite-style rooms, super clean, and the lobby features a grille, a coffee/starbucks, and very modern styled.  I love Hyatt Places throughout the country, but this one rocks.\n\nThe one downside (or upside?) is, the NE side of the hotel faces 2 or 3 loud bars, and at times, plays the music super loud.  Whenever the club doors open, BOOM BOOM BOOM goes right up to your room.\n\n(Pssssttt...I kind of like it!)
"""Amazing cheesesteak.\n\nOne mile from my home is Corleone's. About 15-20 minutes from my home is Capriotti's. I never go to Corleone's. I go to Capriotti's all the time.\n\nThe workers here are nice and the cheesesteak is terrific. The large is 20\ I believe, so if you're ordering for yourself and in no mood to eat until you have a stroke, get the medium. Also, try it with the hot peppers. It adds the slightest bit of spice without becoming too overwhelming.\n\nThat's really all I can say about this place. Wonderful cheesesteak. I haven't tried anything else because the cheesesteak is too good to pass up when I make the drive down there. The patrons rave about the other sandwiches, though, so I absolutely would not be afraid to try something else. There's maybe 5 or 6 tables inside and 2 outside? so be prepared to order to go if you arrive at prime dine-in lunch/dinner hours.\n\nDo yourself a favor and go to Capriotti's. Help this place attain the reviews and ratings it deserves. The fact that there's only 8 reviews is criminal. I understand it is in the heart of the suburbs, but it's worth the drive."""""""
Don't miss the new @NobuoAtTeeter headed by James Beard award winner Nobuo Fukuda formerly of Sea Saw Restaurant. Teeter House feels like a cozy home with separate seating areas and a 4-seater bar shared between a full alcohol bar and Nobuo's prep area. \n\nWe sat at the bar right in front of Nobuo and were entertained the whole night by his artistic preparation of what I would call new-style sashimi, along the same vein as what Crudo is doing in Scottsdale - small plates of fresh raw seafood dressed with flavored oils and local in-season fruits and vegetables. Each dish excited the palate with creative combinations of flavors, textures and temperatures, such as the Hirame Carpaccio topped with hot sesame oil at the table.\n\nUnfortunately we missed the other side of the menu and will have to wait until next time to try the warm dishes. Although based on the mizuyokan we had for dessert, I am sure the kitchen puts out equally excellent food. The mizuyokan, a red bean pastry held together by gelatin or agar agar, had a velvety texture (a little firmer than panna cotta) and a perfect level of sweetness (less sweet than the cloyingly sweet versions I've had in Japan).\n\nThe restaurant is located right across from fellow James Beard award-winner Chris Bianco's pizzeria and open everyday except Monday for lunch and dinner.
mmm...mmmm.....mmmm\nDelish!  The Toasted Coconut ice cream rocks!  Very creamy yet lots of texture in every bite with lots of toasted coconut throughout.   The dark chocolate was amazing!  Such a rich taste.  My family also had the icecream sandwiches, but they were sorry they got them. They felt like they were eating more cookie than ice cream.  So although they were very good, next time they will just get the pure icecream. Maybe a cookie on the side?  Such a cute place and the employees were very pleasant. Check it out!
Had shrimp was really good and burnt but good Burnt like french food :) empanadas were good as well as the mussels. The waiter also gave us a sample potatoes which were different I hear their corn bread is good. I used a groupon so be on the look out for deals like that. Shout out to  Kevin and chewy thank you so much for jumping my dead car battery will be back :) Outdoor seating is nice as well since they have heaters ;) The place is small and intimate
This museum has come a long way from it's humble beginings in Phx. I remember when I was a kid in the 80's my trips to the museum were always followed up by visiting the adjacent Central Phx Public Library where I spent a lot of my youth pouring over any subject that I wanted. My parents never kept me out of the adult sections. They thoguht if I could read it that's all that mattered. I loved the museum & library & still do. Now a member of the museum I realize just how very much the Phx Art Museum has to do all year long. Great place to be & lose yourself in the art. Tip - Become a member to support the Arts in Phx.
I finally checked out Press for the first time last night and was very impressed. The staff was incredibly helpful, the store was laid out well, service was quick, and the patio is a nice hangout. \n\nThe staff told my friend that they have the best latte in town. I am a latte freak, so I bit and decided to try it out. Not only was the latte amazing, but they also spent an extra few minutes explaining the latte-making process and then attempted to make some cool shapes with the milk. AWESOME.\n\nI am so, so glad to see a decent coffee place on this side of town. They have a great product and it's great people watching out on the patio. I definitely want to go back with friends and have a glass of wine. Now, if they would only stay open later than 9...
I crave Zoe's when I'm in the mood for something light and fairly healthy. I love their chicken salad and tuna salad. Both are pretty much just meat, mayo, and salt/pepper/spices, I think. No onions and no mustard make me a happy chicken/tuna salad eater! I also love their pimento cheese, feta slaw, and potato salad. The chocolate cake, though, is what hooked me onto Zoe's in the first place. It is basically a Texas sheet cake - moist, not too overpoweringly chocolatey, with that boiled fudge frosting that soaks in and seals in the goodness of the cake. {Droooool}
I love Penzey's Spices! I first discovered them in the late 1990s, when I moved to a small town in NC where the spices were black pepper and catsup. They saved us from culinary disaster becasue we could order their products in the mail!  WHen we moved to Tempe, I would purposely arrange a whole afternoon to drive up to their Scottsdale store to get everything I needed. Now, they are much closer to our home, and I love popping in for smaller spice requirements.  I love that they have hard to find spices, I love that they have great prices and you can buy large portions for small cost, yet the spices are still fresh and delicious. I recommend Penzeys to everyone!
"""Top notch fun , bar lounge, and food. \n\nMy guy and I  go here almost every Wednesday, when we get into town then usually two more times over the weekend. \n\nMusic- There is a dj spinning music onthe weekends and no question the best DJ in Scottsdale , playing music mash ups people actually can dance to not just a bunch of hip hop or house music. Every now and then late night the middle area turns into quite the drunk dance floor which makes for fun dancing or really fun people watching.\n\nEats- We usually load up in sashimi, which the chef came out to talk to us how it was nice to see people eating real japanese not just balls of cream cheese and rice. Everything has always been super fresh. I swear I cannot lie with out the ahi tuna sliders. We always bring a large group who always leave very happy. Its a great place to start the night at!!\n\nService- The girls are super cute but every know and then it takes a bit too long to get a drink but when you order a comlicated martini , you cant really complain!! I love the \picachoo\"""" yum yum.\n\nOverall the best scottsdale stop . A million times more fun and delish then Ra or stingray!"""""""
I have a friend that  has a Bistro downtown...and he keeps telling me to come in to check it out, so I called him tonight to get directions and he said that he is only open for lunch. He then referred me to Sens, and said it was a lovely Sake Tapas, with traditional Asian food and flair.\n\nI was not disappointed. Our server Christian  by far was very helpful and very informative on every meal  and item on the menu, he also had a huge amount of knowledge about the different saki's, to his credit I think Sens needs to give him a raise, if I owned a restaurant I would be trying to convince him to leave and come work for me, but since I don't own a restaurant Sens is safe. \n\nWhat we had:\n\nTokkuri Daiginjo Saki which went well with our meal and for a small bottle was only $7.00 bucks\n\nThe Miso soup with shrimp was delicious, and the flat rice noodles  in this soup are to die for, and is full of exotic vegetables and the shrimp in it was large, plentiful and tasted fresh. This was $10.00 but is more then enough for two people it comes in a iron cast bowl with a wooden spoon and cover very authentic.\n\nMy friend got the Wasabe Tofu with the soy Wasabi and minced garlic crumbs, this was delicious, I do not like tofu that much but could probably die eating this stuff because it was so good.  This was only $4.00.\n\nI got the Wasabi Soy  chicken which was delicious.  This was $7.00 and well worth it there was more then enough for me.\n\nA few added extras about this place, the water is infused with cucumber and you can see a piece or two of it floating within the serving pitcher it is just enough to give the water a sweet  but fresh taste. \n\nThe ambiance is nice,  very low lit and the music is very modern I heard everything from Sugar Hill Gang to Massive Attack and Portishead...very cool.\n\nThere is a monk statue in the front of the door way where people seem to put money on at the base of the statue, the server  said people do it for good karma...we left a dollar...hopefully it will come back to us.:)\n\nThe total was $30.00 bucks great for two people. Love this place will definitely be back.
I LOVE this spot!!\n\nAs others have mentioned, when I made my first trip to Lola, I didn't know if it was a hipster reunion or a coffee shop. The staff were in a conversation and took a while to acknowledge me. \n\nI gave it another chance and am so glad that I did. I have come to love the place. The coffee is SO tasty, I no longer need ten pumps of flavored sugar to drink it. \n\nThe staff are super friendly and warm to the point that you might think they are religious missionaries. I think it is sad and unfortunate that some reviewers are judging the staff based on body art or clothing. Really? It's 2010, chances are good your accountant AND physician have tatts or piercings. \n\nTonight I took my sister to Lola for dessert and we had a great time. The staff are friendly and warm, and made great suggestions. The barrista even gave us a hot tip on a local concert. \n\nI live in the area and there is no finer spot for coffee. Fair Trade is musty and s-l-o-w. Check out Lola, it's a winner. \n\nOh yah, they also have great music- it's nice to sit with a great drink and relax.
I think this place used to be a Hampton Inn or something, but did they ever make this place a gold mine for value! When all the posers go to the Mondrian (which probably has the worst hotel rooms for a hotel that charges $150+/night), the smart people go to Hotel Indigo. I believe my friends paid $70/night for a summer weekend! I tell all my friends, who come out here to visit, to get a room at Indigo. Very affordable, free wifi, cool little bar, friendly staff, nice rooms for value, gym, and a nice tv in each room!\n\nYes, the walls are thin. I heard a couple next door go chitty chitty bang bang. I love it when women scream their partner's name in the heat of passion.  It was like play by play. Sorry, I digress. \n\nAnyways, If you are going to throw a party in your hotel room, you'll probably be asked to shut up. That's what happened to us. But, for $70/night, it's still a great deal. I think that deal is for the summer so don't expect to pay that in the fall or winter. \n\nHonestly, for value, nothing beats Hotel Indigo.
We had never heard of this company before (they come from Germany) but Nascar races made it nearly impossible to rent a car in Phoenix when we went for a wedding.  We found Sixt and got a car for 4 days for $250 when Budget was $800 for the same four days.  We were skeptical, since we hadn't heard of them, so reserved a car at another place just in case.  We got to Phoenix, and the counter person was wonderful.  Checking in and out was quick and easy, the price was as quoted, the counter person (I wish I'd gotten his name!  Young man working on the afternoon of 11/8) was terrific.  We would definitely look for this company again!
I used to live a couple miles away, and I didn't realize how lucky I was until I moved about 15 minutes away.  I still try to stop in here most weeks for a loaf some of the best sandwich bread out there.\n\nYes, they are just a little bit more expensive than a store bought loaf, but I will take a family owned, quality, non preservative laced loaf of bread any day rather than the crap you can buy at the grocery store.  These loaves easily last a week or more without going moldy too, at least in my experience, and with NO preservatives.  Look at the ingredient list on the Honey Whole Wheat:  Whole wheat flour, salt, yeast, water, and honey.  How can you get better than that?\n\nTrust me, you get one of their sandwich loaves and toast it with some high quality cold cuts and veggies, and you've got one of the best healthy meals out there.\n\nI've had the Honey Whole Wheat, Harvest White, Sourdough, Challah, Cinnamon Raisin, and many of their special swirled loaves over the years, and you can tell this is a place that cares about what they put out.  Just good people.  Also, the Virginia rolls that they only seem to make around holidays are the stuff my dreams are made from.  And don't even get me started on the Pumpkin Chocolate Chip dessert loaves...just one word for them:  damn!\n\nNow if I can just get them to open up a location in SE Chandler...
Wandered in on a sunday night after a long day of traveling.\n\nThe space is beautiful, and the service gracious while not being obnoxiously over-smily. They seated us in a quiet corner, as asked. The menu is short and sweet, I had a hard time choosing something from the many delicious sounding options.\n\nIn the end I went for the white fish with moroccan spices and the apero cocktail. Totally delicious, both of them. The fish especially was wonderful, light, the spices just right. Texturally, the almonds on the top went wonderfully with the steamed green veg and flakey-creamy fish.\n\nI live nearby and am SO happy to have found a healthy & tasty place close by. Vive St Francis!
Hidden Gem of Scottsdale!!\n\nI have no idea how I wave walked and driven past this place so many times without noticing it. Luckily I did, checked it out on Yelp! and decided to have lunch/brunch for two on Sat midday. we waked in to a very lovely patio and inside a small but nice restaurant. \nIt had  fun paintings on the wall, several small tables and a full bar with French music playing. \n\nNot big on too much French words I had to guess what was what and we went ahead and ordered. Our Cheese plate was wonderful although I thought it took a little to long to come out, being it was a cheese plate and there was only 2 other people in the place. \n\nIt was very good and i highly recommend it!
Why did it take me so long to find you? Been in the neighborhood for 6+ Years and I just recently found this place! \n\nI have tried most things on the menu and love the Chicken or Been Teriyaki & the House Chicken/Beef. Go with a Large only a buck or so more and you get a huge meal that can last you 2-meals. \n\nFood is always really good, Lots of it, great flavor and the guy who runs the place is always friendly and helpful.
"""I frequent Indulge and have always been happy.  I never realized what the \& more\"""" part of their name meant until last week.  As often as I go there I did not know they had a catering menu.  I had a small family gathering at my home.  I usually cook or someone brings pizza.  This time we ordered from Indulge.  We did the sliders, wings, salad and appetizers.  Even the leftovers are great.  If I lived closer I would probably eat there every night."""""""
I have been eating here since high school, so i can safley say bout 35 years. The food is still as good as it was when 15 of us would jump into Smitty's vw van and drive down for our 30 minuet lunch break. (West high of course) It has been owned by the same family since it opened in the early 1800's!!! Yes the cheese crisp are awesome but the tacos not the shredded beef but the regular tacos are the best in town. Order a couple they are sooo good. Love you Los.
I have been here 3 times now and just love it. The place is delicious, clean, and cheap. Their specialty is the chicken terryaki. I recommend getting the all white meat version ( just a bit extra ). I have had the beef bowl & the chicken bowl, these are very generous portions and have yet to be able to eat it all in one sitting.\n\nService is super friendly and helpful. I will be back to this place soon !
I, as per usual, procrastinated a birthday gift. I found myself at very last minute looking to frame a piece of artwork. Micheal's wanted a two week turnaround time (?!) but they recommended FastFrame for quicker work. I called, and the owner said to get my butt down there ASAP and they'd be able to accommodate me. I flew down with artwork in hand, and Tracy helped me from start to finish. She was conscious of my budget and helped me find a way to display the piece in a way to give me the most visual impact for my dollar. I was able to pick up my finished piece within a few hours, and I was stunned at the quality of the work and how much more the artwork stood out against a beautiful, professional frame and matting.\n\nI can't recommend this place enough, and I'll be back for all my future framing needs.
"""GRANDMA !!!!!! ARE YOU BACK IN THAT KITCHEN?? GET OUT OF THERE!!! \n\nThat's basically how I always describe this place.. \Its grandma breakfast\""""... you know fresh, cooked to order, and way too much! \n\nI have always loved Matts and have been coming for many years...the only thing I hate.. the wait.. (well, that and the unfinished, sloppy paint job in the dining room) \n\nThe food is ALWAYS great here... their pork products are amazing! Super fresh cage-fee chicken eggs, local produce and hearty THICKLY sliced breads served with a side of strawberry lavender preserves... yummy. If you're not in a hurry and have the time to endure the wait... this place is HIGHLY recommended! \n\nAlthough my grandma left me many years ago... her breakfast spirit lives here!"""""""
Walking in to Blanco Taco I was craving some good mexican food. Upon sitting down we were greeted with a smile and some yummy chips and salsa. (They should really bag that stuff up and sell it- THAT good.) Our server was cheerful and offered us some margaritas and explained the menu a bit... turns out they had just revamped it a few days before. We were excited to be guinea pigs and I ordered the 'new' camarones tacos and my boyfriend ordered the pork enchiladas along with a couple of classic margaritas. \n\nTo begin with... the margaritas were awesome. And then comes the food... delicious! The three street tacos were plenty and the rice that comes with is awesome. My boyfriend thoroughly enjoyed his enchiladas and liked the fact that they were made in layers to ensure a little bit of everything in each bite. \n\nAlthough we were stuffed our server tempted us to try the flan... and I'm glad they did... it was yummmy! Overall a fantastic experience. Without hesitation, we will be back!
This is amazing place to visit in the Phoenix area. Of course, the flora and fauna of this desert is unique and there's no better place to get a comprehensive overview than the botanical gardens. Of course, they are also beautiful and interesting. \n\nI went with my 82-year old father, who has osteoperosis and emphysema. I was concerned he wouldn't be able to get around. However, the gardens had motorized carts available. Also, there are different trails with different difficluty levels. There are lots of shady places to stop as well as little cafes and etc. \n\nThe docents are very knowledgable and really love what they do. Their enthusiasm really adds to the exerience.
Personally I don't care how small and awkward this place is -- the fact of the matter is that they serve up the best calamari Greek salad I've ever had and their pita bread can't be beat: soft, freshly baked -- how can you leave without gobbling down every single piece?\n\nMy friend took me here in the middle of a Phoenix dust storm. Cold and wet and dirty outside, the interior of Crazy Jim's felt warm, cozy, and womblike. Fellow diners were a mixture of office workers, policemen, and working people.\n\nFunky and rustic are words that come to mind. Come for the food. That's what this place is all about.
GREAT GELATO!! If you do not know anything about Gelato you need to check this place out!! It is some of the best Gelato/ ice cream/ frozen yogurt i have had in a long time! If you go on the Weekend Night you are going to have to wait in line! Last time i went it the line was out the door! We waited for 15 minutes, Well worth the wait! Do not be turned off by the line! You will be happy you waited!
I ate here with my husband as the guest of a local resident who loves this place. He surprised us! I've heard good things about Talking Stick but had never seen it. The buffet restaurant is in a huge area, constructed in in a big curved shape, with all open windows on one side for a very airy atmosphere. The restaurant also featured outdoor balcony seating and the building cleverly shades it.\n\nThe choices were amazing as was the quality of the food! So much for my diet! It was one of those places where you want to try this and that. They segment the food by location, such as Mexican, Asian, Italian, etc. Some items I ate, because I LOVE variety and tasting everything: Vegetable curry samosa, Thai eggroll, barbecue chicken (Asian), sesame chicken, asparagus (really fresh ones), (I skipped all the noodly dishes to save room for the other stuff), salmon (really perfectly cooked), smoked salmon and salmon salad (ALL great), chile relleno,a teeny tiny slice of turkey with a special apple cranberry sauce, sundried tomatoes and yellow peppers, a blueberry cheese (sounds weird, but VERY good), one ravioli (tasted and looked like a pesto-based sauce), and tastes of a few desserts that I shared with Gary.\n\nI did not try the tasty-looking salads or soups, instead going for the more serious or unique offerings.\n\nDesserts: a fruit pastry, red velvet cake (yum-the server said the employees really hit up on that dessert!), delicious gelatos (I had hazelnut chocolate and something) and a few other goodies. I believe lunch was around $13.95, a great value for the quality and quantity of foods available.\n\nI would certainly come here again for the ambiance, food choices, quality and overall experience. Really classy place, even with a casino. It is located just east of the 101, easy to get to. Parking is free, on property.
I found this company here on Yelp and went with it because of all the high reviews.  This company deserves them!  They did a one time treatment for sewer roaches and while they were here also found termites and showed me where they were.  They were able to treat them with a one time fix instead of trying to sell me monthly treatments.  This is not a company that pushes sales they just do what you ask them to and they do it well.  I would recommend them to anyone having a sewer roach problem or termite problem.
"""I was in Arizona a few weeks ago for vacation.  My trip was during the time that Spa Finder was having Wellness Week....50% off of some services or $50 for a service.\n\nOne of my longtime friends was driving up from Tucson and we were planning on going to The Sanctuary Spa on Camelback Mountain on a Saturday.  Well...The Sanctuary \misscheduled\"""" our Appointments for 2 days prior:(:(:.  Now it's Saturday Morning, Last Minute and Wellness Week....3 strikes your out:(:(:(\n\nI called and was able to get 2 afternoon appts at the same time!  Great Service!  I had the Pineapple Coconut Organic Facial with Cheryl.  It was Heavenly.  My friend had the Lomi Lomi Massage which she loved:):):.  This Spa uses Eminence(sp?) Organic Products which where great for my sensitive skin.  We truly enjoyed our services and our day turned out better than expected!!\n\nIf you are looking for a Great Place to Relax, have one of their many services, or just gaze out the back of the spa as there is a Big Lake THIS IS YOUR PLACE!!!  This Spa offers tons of different snacks, fruit, tea, etc etc.  Much more than I have seen at Top of the Line Spas!\n\nTHANK YOU FOR MAKING OUR DAY SPECIAL...LAST MINUTE..AND LETTING US USE OUR SPA FINDER CERTIFICATES TO PAY AS WELL......\n\nLooking forward to my next trip to AZ and trying out another one of your many services!"""""""
"""I've been to at least a half dozen and overall, I think it's the best of the \cultural\"""" festivals AZ has to offer. Usually in March, the Aloha Festival is jam-packed with heaps of food booths (plate lunches, yakisoba, ramen, Chinese, Huli-huli style chicken, malasadas, shave ice), souvenir stands (jewelry, art, automotive accessories, clothes, mu'us, pareos, crack seed), activities (stuff for the kids, martial arts demonstrations), and entertainment (Taiko, Hula, Tahitian dancing). \n\nThere's alot. And alot of people. It's one of the better-attended festivals. And feels like home. As close as you can get in AZ I guess. So many locals fly up here specifically for the festival - whether to man a booth or perform. It's a great mix of old-timers and new-comers; the offerings never get old.\n\nUnfortunately you have to wait a year if you haven't been yet, but mark your calendar and grab some friends when the time comes. It's very worth it."""""""
Thai Basil in Chandler is in a beautifully decorated space in the strip mall, at the southeast corner of Chandler Boulevard and Rural Road. \n\nThe food we had there was very tasty, quite a bit lighter/less starchy than my favorite Thai place (Swaddee Thai, which is, incidentally, just a mile up the street at Ray Road and Rural Road). The lunch special I tried was chicken noodles, while my husband had the Thai Basil signature dish with beef. Both specials came with a bowl of delicately flavored soup which was a welcome change from Swaddee, which offers a salad instead. \n\nThe chicken noodles dish surprised me in its bright, homey chicken broth flavor. The dish was very comforting, packed with lots of different types of vegetables and moist chicken that tasted as though it had been brined before cooking. It was not made with the wide flat rice noodles I was anticipating, however. It came with a thicker type of noodle I haven't seen in most Thai restaurants.\n\nMy husband's Thai Basil was not quite as spicy as I was expecting, considering we ordered it Thai hot, but it was delicious nonetheless. It was reminiscent of a stir fry, with fresh, bright flavors and crisp veggies. The dish did not come with much sauce, so eating it with rice was a bit difficult.\n\nI also ordered a Thai iced tea, which was wonderfully cool and refreshingly strong in flavor. None of that weak, watered down tasting Thai iced tea here!\n\nOverall I would recommend Thai Basil. The restaurant is clean and pretty, the servers are friendly and efficient, and the prices are low for a lovely lunch or dinner special. Slightly less expensive than Swaddee Thai, but both restaurants offer such a unique interpretation of their signature dishes that it is worth it to frequent both.
"""Took a friend here from out of town the other night. No lie, probably the best service I've ever had at a restaurant- they set the bar very high in valuing their customers. Aside from the service and most important- the food. I ordered the half chicken with vegetables and my friend ordered the \big ass\"""" burger. The chicken was roasted perfectly. My favorite part though would've been the cornbread stuffing that the - chicken sat upon... they should offer a side dish of it, it was unbelievable. My friend's burger was huge, no surprise given it's very direct menu name- he loved it. Our server was very personable and extremely professional. I actually don't drink but the wine list was very extensive and have heard good things about the selection. Furthermore, I hear the happy hour is hard to beat, so I will definitely be coming back soon for more."""""""
This is one of the best pizza's in town! I've driven by this place for years and finally went there with a friend and was completly surprised.  It looks small on the outside but it's a pretty big place inside.  When you order a pizza they bring out half of it at first then the other half when you're table is ready. Great service and delicious food! Definelty a must try atleast once, but I'm pretty sure you'll be back for more!!
Besides having insanely fabulous cookies (mmm chocolate chip chippers), my glowing review is  more about the catering part of this location.\n\nI was back in PHX for work and basically used and abused the catering manager (Susan was her name....maybe??).  I'd call her every 5 minutes, needing something completely different, sometimes having my own packaging I'd need her to use, etc.\n\nIt got to the point where I'd call, say my name, the staff would immediately give her the phone, she'd say ok, it'll be ready in 5...and it was.  \n\nThis woman saved my life (well...more my job, but still) and my sanity.
This is, hands-down, our favorite Indian restaurant, and really, it's our favorite restaurant in the Valley. They won us over long ago with their consistently excellent food and service, but they really won our undying allegiance by being open on Christmas Day.\n\nWe almost always order a korma dish. It is lush and creamy with a bit of sweetness. Being a vegetarian, I love all their paneer dishes especially the saag paneer and paneer tikka. In my meat-eating days, I was head over heals with any shrimp dish. They always use big, plump suckers not sad little dried out bay shrimp like some other places. Their basmati is way better than the other Indian places in town. They actually flavor it properly. Garlic naan is, of course, heavenly.\n\nService is quick and friendly. Over the six years dining at Royal Taj, we have never had a bad moment or slip up. This place really is a gem, and I hope more people give it a shot. It's never crowded which is nice, but we're constantly worried it will go out of business.
We came here with a large group from work and had a great time, great food and great customer service.   Most of us ordered the lunch special - half a sandwich and soup and plaintains or tostones.  The cuban sandwich and garbanzo bean soup I had were really good.  The customer service was excellent.  Some of our group arrived later and so were looking kind of hungry when the food began to arrive - moments later the server stopped by with tostones for them to snack on while the waited.  The owners stopped by say hello too.  \n\nEnjoy this small, local business!
It has been about a year since our last visit and we had definitely been looking forward to it. While we enjoyed our last stay, the room we stayed in was showing its age and use. To be expected though for a hotel that seems to be pretty popular. Actually, when we left last time we noticed new carpet stacked in the hall and the room had a survey asking customers about changes they would like to see in the rooms.\n\nWell it looks like they took those suggestions to heart!  Our room looked freshened up and updated. The carpet was new and the bathrooms seem to be remodeled a bit...to include soap and hair product dispensers. Nothing too drastic, but nice updates.\n\nStaff is always great and have never failed to grant a request, whether it is more pool towels or coffee pods. Hoping to stay at least two moe times  this summer at our favorite PHX hotel!
"""I've shopped at Last Chance for the last 14 years and all the good things in my wardrobe come from there. \nThe store is at basement level and my heart always starts racing as I walk down the steps to the store while I see people walking up the stairs with big bags full of stuff.  \nI've had scores of great finds there-black cashmere pants in perfect condition for $5, an expensive wool coat for $25, $150 designer scarf for $5, a sheet marked $195 on the Nordstrom tag, but only $5 there.  \nIf you like to shop, then you MUST visit Last Chance.  I have friends who hate it, but for me it is the ultimate place to shop because you can buy ANYTHING YOU WANT because the prices are so great. \nMy friends in NYC are envious.\nOn the downside, I have had my cart \stolen\"""" a couple times and I've learned to keep an eagle eye on it.  \nThere are some private dressing rooms but the open dressing area often has little or no wait  (and hey, who really cares if others see your flab or physical defects.)\nJust get yourself over to that store!\n\nAs an update, popped into the store August 2012 to find the sweaters, scarves and hats all at 75% off Last Chance already cheap prices. \nCame out with a boatload of nice stuff. \nSometimes its like heaven there..."""""""
As a native Phoenician, ever since I was little we started going to the Manuel's on Cave Creek Road and then when we learned about this location we have started coming here more often (only because of proximity).  Both restaurants are equally amazing, the service is always great and the food is delicious!  By far my favorite Mexican restaurant in the valley!  My immediate family (with marriages & kids) is now at 21 people and they always do a great job of accommodating such a large group, with young kids, and the prices are great.  \n\nWould highly recommend Manuel's to anyone looking for great Mexican Food in a casual atmosphere!!
Already a huge fan of Culinary Dropout and other Fox restaurants, I was super-excited to try this place. We had reservations, so there was no wait. The place has a very cool ambiance - nice, but casual. Everything we ordered was pretty amazing. To start, we split the roasted beet salad. Delish. My date had the Halibut and I had the Salmon. Both were cooked perfectly and I would have licked my plate, had it been appropriate. We were done with our meal, enjoying some wine (good selection, by the way) and had some time to kill before the event we were going to was starting. Even though there was now a wait at the door, our server (who was awesome) made NO attempt to rush us out. Excellent experience, great food, great service. Can't wait to go back. :)
My first impression of this place was good, you open that huge door and walk into the place and it just feels like quality. It's high end and well styled. I had a few drinks in the bar with colleagues. The bar was small but nice. Service was very good. We then went back to a private room with two huge wooden sliding doors. This room was rectangular and very classy. We were given the low down on how the place works. Go and hit the salad bar first, be conservative and then come back to your table for an all out meat on a sword fest. \nThe salad bar was good. Everything was super fresh and high quality. So was the unlimited meat. It was all tasty. Salty from the seasonings and cooking preparation, but delicious. The house special sirloin is not to be missed, along with the filet and the leg of lamb. The sausages are forgettable, the bacon wrapped filet is so so. 90% of what I ate was delicious and I could have as much of it as I wanted. The other 10% was fair and I could stop after one bite and move on without feeling like I made a mistake.
What can I say? I've been coming here for the last six years so that should tell you something. Atomic is a great comic shop. They have everything you need as far as your comic needs go, the only thing I would say they lack is in the comic themed clothing but this is a minor problem. The staff is and has always been top notch and very quick to call their other stores to find anything they are out of.
Some friends of mine took me to the Wild Thaiger for my birthday.  I can't think of a better place to have my birthday dinner. This place is fantastic!  The food was great and served with true elegance but in a casual setting. Even though it was a weekend evening and the place was absolutely packed, the service was great.  We were told right from the start that there would be at least a 20 minute wait and they were dead on in their estimate.  No problem at all.  I don't mind waiting if I'm told the wait time and it is accurate. \n\nThe atmosphere is relaxing, intimate and the decor is not over done as are so many Thai restaurants.  Can you say clean?  Even on such a busy night they kept the place almost spotless, even the bathrooms.  The kitchen is open to the dinning area and you can see how well managed and organized every thing is.  The kitchen staff looked like a well oiled machine in action.\n\nThe Food and Drinks:\nWell to start off, we didn't order any adult beverages this evening as we were going out to a local night club after dinner for our fill of libations. Instead I ordered the Iced green tea which was brewed to perfection!  I don't remember what everyone else had but I know one member of our party got the Thai Iced tea and said it was fantastic.\n\nAppetizers:\nWe ordered a bunch of appetizers for the table.\n\nDragon Eggs - These pork and crab stuffed dumplings were tender, tasty and served with a mild-tangy dipping sauce.\n\nSatay Sampler - Shrimp, beef and chicken skewers marinated in a tasty coconut curry and served with peanut sauce and cucumber chutney. Loved it!\n\nWild wrap - Spicy chopped chicken with a mint-lime sauce served with cabbage leaves. This tasted so fresh. Yes, spicy but very refreshing at the same time.\n\nVeggie Spring Rolls - Tender and crispy rolls stuffed with fresh veggies, cellophane noodles and served with a great plum sauce. They really were tender yet crisp, hot, tasty and the veggies tasted so fresh you would think they had a garden out back. I looked for it but found nothing but parking lot.\n\nHot Pot:\nWe also shared a Tom Yum Goong hot pot. The soup was nice and spicy, the shrimp was tender, the mushrooms had a rich earthy flavor and the lemongrass infused a wonderful aromatic hue to the soup.\n\nMain Course:\nI had the Ginger Fish. This is a breaded piece of salmon topped with mushrooms, onions, carrots and pineapple with a ginger sauce along with fresh sauteed veggies and rice. The presentation was first-class and portion size was very generous . In fact, I ended up taking about half of it home.  Trust me, it was so delicious that I really wanted to finish the whole dish but after all the appetizers and soup I thought I might explode if I didn't stop eating!\n\nOnce again, I cant remember what everyone else had but there were no complaints at all.\n\nDesert:\nOMG the Lemon Ginger Cheesecake is to die for!  Enough said. Period!\n\nWill I go back?\nI wish I lived in their back room so I could eat every meal there.\n\nHats off to The Wild Thaiger.\nThe best Thai food I have found anywhere in Arizona.
Probably my new fav Greek spot(just wish it was closer to my side of town, but SO worth the drive).\n\nWhere to even start.... i guess by saying that everything was f*%$ing delicious! i mean everything.. the hummus, Greek fries, gyro club sandwich, the chicken, rice, potatoes...just fantastic!\n\ni will be back again very, very soon. \n\nA lot o food so be prepared to take home boxes. Also they guys that work here are very nice...so if you have questions about any the food they will be more than happy to explain them to you and not get annoyed while doing it :)\n\nwhy are you still reading this.. just go eat here already! you won't regret it. Cross my heart and hope to die.
So, I initially gave these guys (officially) a 4-star review. That was before I had dinner here, made to gastronomic perfection at Atlas Bistro next door. So far I've had the spectacular Caraway Rye Sausage with homemade gnocchi, and last night the Lobster mushrooms with sourdough crostini, and the most divine aioli sauce known to man. These guys are unique, and a gift to Epicurean delights. Where else can you buy anything in the shop, sit down and drink it at the bar, and order (quite affordable) 5-star offerings? Nowhere I know of. I've been all over the U.S. and Europe, and this place sits in a class all it's own.
This is as close as you can get to Authentic Mexican Sonora food. The owner is from Hermosillo, Sonora, Mexico (my father is also from there) and this place definitely compares to the taco stands in Hermosillo. \n\nIt is clean and nice inside. They have an awesome condiment bar. There's variety of salsa's and pico de Gallo. They also have grilled jalape\u00f1os (upon request on some orders and others it comes with it). The carne asada is delicious and the best. Although, the barbacoa is not far behind. The rice and beans are very good. The flour tortillas are better than the corn tortillas. \n\nThe staff is very nice and helpful. The service is fast and reasonably priced. During lunch hours they have daily specials for only $5.95 (includes a beverage, rice & beans) and changes daily. It's definitely worth going!!!
I have always had trouble finding a great shrimp fried rice in the Valley.  Once I stopped into Yume, I knew I had a favorite!  Most places don't really fry the rice, but Yume does a great job--8 shrimp included for a lunch price of $9.95 which includes a miso soup and salad.\n\nI had tried their sushi as well, and have always been impressed.  The owner is always there, rolling sushi and cooking.  He loves talking with his customers, and the service has always been wonderful!\n\nIt's a little hard to find in the mall, but they are worth it to me!
This is one of our favorite pizza places - for the food, value, drinks and great atmosphere! I originally discovered them at the Scottsdale Culinary Festival, and am so happy I did!\n\nIt is in a great location, walking distance to a bunch of fun bars so it's a great place to start the night in Old Town. My husband and I's favorite thing on the menu is the margarita pizza. The crust is so crisp and perfect! As for drinks, Jac's has a really fun cocktail menu, and also a good wine selection. Our favorite: the ONEHOPE Cabernet Sauvignon. Affordable, smooth, and pretty cool that half of the profits are donated to charity.\n\nDefinitely check this place out, you'll love it!
"""If you're looking for hot dogs of uncommon deliciousness, this is the place to visit.  While most of the choices bring home flavors straight from the tropical island there are a few that will appease even those that don't much like the sweeter side of life.  As odd as coconut, mango and pineapple, served on hawaiian sweet bread, may sound it's something everyone should try at least once before giving judgment.\n\nFor those who know natives of the island, you know spam is \the other white meat\"""" to them and one will find such a culinary delight here in their famous (at least to every co-worker I've brought here) spam sliders.  They have just a hint of pineapple and coconut on them (if you choose Maui-style, can also get them with teriyaki sauce instead) and a spicy mustard that you can customize from mild (for the weenies) to volcanic (macho men).\n\nLast point, and one cannot pass up, is getting a side of tots.  V (or Vee, never substantiated which), the chef in the back who I want to steal to just cook for me, works magic on the fryer to make the best tots you will ever have.  Sprinkled with just a touch of pepper and garlic, each one is perfectly crisp on the outside while soft and steaming inside."""""""
"""so this is what its like to be treated like a king. from the moment we took our seats til the last bite of the \chocolate molten cake\"""" (which im going to say is a definite must), we were in awe of not only the setting, atmosphere, and delicious meats/treats.  \nbefore our wonderful dining experience (or might i say carnivore adventure), i had no idea what to expect... but, between the delectible sun-dried tomatoes (or you could pronounce it,, sun dried tom-ah-toes) and the filet mignon there was an outstanding staff ready to serve.  \nwhat i recommend::::::\nbesides all of it.....\n-sundried tomatoes\n-potato salad\n-cucumbers\n-filet\n-top sirloin\n-pic-kanye???\n-and a must.. pitcher of sangria\namazing way to end an amazing night... happy 3 year babe ;)"""""""
"""I was lucky enough to visit Joya Spa for an open house when they first opened their doors several years ago. They were hosting an open house and invited the public in their doors for a sneak peak of the spa within. From the moment I entered the doors and took a journey through this Moroccan inspired spa, I was hooked and have been back several times over the years. \n\nThe ambiance at Joya Spa is practically royal. From the minute I walk down the path of water fountains into the doors of a large rounded entrance, I feel like I'm royalty. A large rounded staircase with a banister rims part the room, while a gift shop and salon rim the rest. \n\nThe gift shop has everything from trendy dresses (both for day and night), flip flops, jewelery, spa products and sunglasses. This is a great find for gifts and any items to complete my outfit if I was staying here for the weekend. \n\nNext, I will touch upon the salon. I've had a mani and pedi here and both were top of the line without being too over the top expensive. The pedicure chairs are a professional massage in itself and the staff does a wonderful job on both the pedicure and manicure. Everything is very clean, smells fresh and I leave with happy hands and feet. \n\nUp the staircase, is the rest of the spa including services like facials, massages, couples massages, a steam room, locker room, workout room and most importantly a rooftop pool overlooking Camelback Mountain. This is definitely one of the best views in the Valley. The massage rooms are gorgeous and some of them are practically like hotel room in itself. They have a bathroom, sitting area and even open up to the rooftop pool. Like I said, they offer couples massages and regular ones. I've had a regular one and it's pure \joya.\"""" Their locker rooms are spacious and kept very nice and clean. \n\nI love this spa because I can truly make an entire day of it, which is what I opt for when I have a spa day. I like to come early, settle in, have some services, do as much pool time as possible, possibly workout, finish with a service and be on my blissful way. Joy Spa offers all of this."""""""
It doesn't get to much better than Fez, great atmosphere, great food, reasonable prices, good service.\nThe best part is you get to pretend you're in a metropolitan city when you're there. \nFez is one small step in the right direction for central Phoenix, someday there might be dozens of restaurants like this one, but for now enjoy the original.\nMy favorites are the lamb kisra (its hard to get lamb these days), and the bleu cheese balsamic burger. Bring an appetite!
No pun intended, but this place ROCKS! This is not your average museum. This is all about musical instruments from all over the world. Upon entering the buildings grounds, you'll notice how modern this place is. Upon paying inside (Free if you carry a BofA Debit card) you are given a listening device that picks up a remote signal at each country's display so you can hear the music that is produced by those who play them. Each viewing area has video to show you the people who play these devices. It's amazing to see the craftsmanship and thought that went into so many of these devices.\nThis is a walking museum, so wear comfortable shoes. Also, if you have small children, please let them know that since the instruments are exposed, that touching is a no-no.\nVery cool place! Very impressed.
Let me preface this by saying...I wasn't even that hungry! Discovered the most amazing restaurant today. Tucked away in a nondescript dusty corner of nowhere in Queen Creek, it is the best place I've eaten in the whole Phoenix Valley. If they had a central location, there'd be a 2 hour wait to get in. Prosciutto wrapped homemade warm mozzarella appetizer to die for. Cuban pork sandwich that makes you want to become cuban. Chicken sandwich that tasted so good, you don't want to swallow...just let the flavor mellow in your mouth. And to top it off, homemade ice cream for dessert...Honey Jack Daniels and Cinnamon Brown Sugar. If you live in Gilbert, Chandler, Queen Creek or even Tucson...GO EAT HERE!!! I want to go back when I'm really hungry with a large group of friends so we can try the whole menu. -- at The Deli Queen Creek.
"""I like target, they have good dog toys and no one bothers me so I can mill around and get stuff in the home section and where ever. They have some funny tshirts for St Pat's day and some cool costume jewelry. I had some brand new pants, Merona brand and she wouldnt give me any store credit because \they were more than 90 days old and were no longer in the system\"""" holy cow, i was so bummed out."""""""
Okay, if you actually like the taste of good whole foods and fresh ingredients this place is an Oasis of goodness. If your looking for a place that says they make natural foods but uses 2nd rate ingredients and comes up with recipes to hide the fact by using spices to cover it up your better off going somewhere else.\nMy family took me here when we were visiting, and it is wonderful. I had the Pesto Presto sandwich and it was divine! I also tried my family's strawberry fields salad and Arizona rolls. They were all really good. The vegetables were fresh and high quality and the price for the portion and quality was a good price.\nI was amazed that they had a couple of options for people on the raw foods diet. The juices are different, but surprisingly refreshing.\nThis place is a great example that eating well and health can be tasty and satisfying.
I went with three friends to Crudo last Saturday to try it out since it had good reviews on here and was featured in Phoenix magazine.  It is unique in that it has an outdoor patio area but the indoor seating looks more like a 1950's ice cream shop with a store located in it.  Most of the diners including us sat outside.  \n\nMy friends and I all chose to have 3 courses since we knew the plates were small and we wanted dessert to be one of our courses.  My first plate was of Gnocchi, which was very good.  My second course was the mushrooms au gratin with featured truffle mushrooms which are generally a very expensive ingredient.  It also had an egg on top which made it very unique. The egg portion wasn't featured on the menu but our server told me about it beforehand.    The dessert was my favorite part.  :-)  For dessert I ordered a grilled polenta with cornbread icecream and a great rhubarb jam on top.  The grilled polenta reminded me of a shortbread cookie.  I was hesitant to try corn as a dessert flavor, but it turned out sweet and not too overpowering.  \n\nI made a reservation not knowing how crowded it would be.  The restaurant was full but there was not a wait to sit, even without a reservation.  Still if you plan to go here I would suggest making a reservation.  \n\nMy one dislike about this place was that it did take a while for the service and food to arrive.  If you want to go here for dinner on the weekend you should plan to take about 2 hours to eat a three course meal.\n\nOverall this was a great traditional Italian restaurant that I would recommend trying!
mac makeup is expensive but the pigmentation is soo freaking awesome! the pigmentation of their eye shadows..SUPER WORTH IT! the paint pots good for base! i love their sculpt and shape to contour your face powder, i wish it was part of their permanent line.  if you wanted to splurge on make up, this is really good and recommended, ate wasy $400 worth of my bank account lol. soo yup.  they give great customer service, friendly and helpful, and spent $50 or more you get your make up done.  plus they do back to mac where after a certain amount of containers for eyeshadow etc, you get free lipgloss etc. their blendability factor is great, and it glides on like silk.  man did i get addicted. .
"""Dr. Moschonas is AMAZING!!!  My husband & I both have been patients of his. My husband was diagnosed with Guillain-Barre Syndrome & Miller-Fisher Syndrome from a flu shot, which could have killed him.  Dr. Moschonas was proactive with my husband, got him the care he needed in the hospital & had a great bedside manner through it all.\n\nAfter the great experience with his care for my husband, when I was told that I needed to see a neurologist, I said to my pain management doctor that I know exactly who I want to see!  After I told him it was Dr. Moschonas, he said \GREAT! He is great!\"""".\n\nThe ONLY thing you need to prepare for is that there are sometimes long waits in the waiting room. Some of their testing is unpredictable & can take longer than expected. Call ahead of leaving for your appointment & make sure they are running on time. It is DEFINITELY worth the wait (if you have to wait)!\n\nI highly recommend Dr. Moschonas to anyone that needs to see a neurologist!"""""""
"""Great food, great service. Gluten free pizza was delish, definitely not disappointed as usually is the case with gluten free anything. I read the reviews before I went which were all positive but I was still apprehensive,  everyone's taste buds vary but the server gave us great feedback and we gave it a try. I have super high expectations when it comes to food. Something has to be really really really good to even review it and give it 5 stars.  We had the \mamma spinatos\"""" and a \""""pepperoni and mushroom\"""". I hope this review helps if you have any hesitations."""""""
"""I love this hotel. Love love love. I have fond memories here and I see it every time I go hiking on North Mountain. The hilly location give it that \tucked away\"""" feeling, you forget you're in Phoenix until you look out your window and see the city below you. Fabulous. I loved the restaurants here. Buildings with the connected walkways were convenient and it was a neat place to go exploring. I expected more from the pool, but I wasn't disappointed. Overall, it's a nice place to stay. I'd recommend it first for anyone looking for a hotel in North Phoenix / Sunnyslope."""""""
Hubby and I stayed at a nearby hotel and stumbled upon this breakfast/lunch spot. \n\nThe service was fabulous! I asked a few questions about the menu and our server suggested an item that's no longer on the menu. It was great! Potatoes with melted  cheese, topped with corned beef hash and eggs. Hubby got a some sort of benedict: biscuits topped with bacon, sausage, and ham, covered in sausage gravy. Our iced teas were never empty which is a huge plus!
I work nearby here, decided to stroll in for a solo lunch. I've had my share of pho, but I have a phobia of orderng things that are difficult to eat. I apologize that was corny. Get used to it.\n\nAnyway, the atmosphere and food are why I keep coming back. Nice and relaxing, sounds of running water abound, and attentive service. \n\nOnly tried a few things here, but the pork vermicelli duo is outstanding. Fresh, feel good food that leaves you feeling rejuvenated, not bloated. Great for when you need to actually get some work done in the afternoon. Also try the iced tea with whipped cream, SUPER delish. Addictive! \n\nI will need to try their happy hour which seems solid also.
I have yet to be dissapointed with the service here. When I call or come in I am greeted by name, which just makes everything better from the begining.\n\nThe lunch specials are a little more that some places, but not by much and they are well worth it. I don't know if there are any resturant unique items that they have, but they serve the usual Chinese food, just at a better quality. If you are looking for a good lunch, try the Mongolian Beef or Sweet and Sour Chicken.\n\nA must have is their Crab Puffs, these have more flavor here than I can recall having anywhere else. Try them and love them!
My fiance and I stumbled upon John's shop when her car needed some work a few months back, and we count ourselves very lucky to have found him! He is an honest mechanic, which you don't find much of these days! John is determined in every job, quick to come up with a solution, and charges fair prices! Now we take both our cars to him for any problem! John works on domestic and foreign cars (I drive an audi, she drives a pontiac), and if for some reason he can't do the job, he is always able and willing to recommend you to another shop that is just as honest! GO SEE JOHN for all your routine maintenance and unexpected car problems!!
Hankering for a tasty bahn mi (baguette sandwich)?\n\nPlaced in the Asian enclave at Warner & Dobson, this gem is definitely the best sandwich place in the valley.   The bakery is authentically Vietnamese and French.  Pick up tins of real French butter, crusty baguettes, small or large croissants, French horns filled with creme anglais, tasty hot puff pastries filled will pate, crunch friend shrimp and pork egg roll, Vietnamese spring rolls, or get yourself either a freshly made Vietnamese or French style baguette (or croissant) sandwich.   Don't stop there.  They have ice cream, smoothies and iced coffee (which is sadly mostly ice - the only criticism I could make about this place), muffins, cookies...\n\nGet there early, and by that I mean when they open, and you can also get Deli Manjoo, little creme filled cakes they sell by the box-full.  They quickly run out, and like the true artists they are they only make a certain amount, and when they're gone, that's it. \n\nMy favorite things to order here are the sardine or vegetarian banh mi's.  They both have the picked carrot and daikon you come to expect on anything Vietnamese, but also cilantro and hot peppers.  The Sardines certainly have some tomato sauce, the vegetarian have tasty strips of deep fried tofu.  Scrumptious!\n\nService is quick and efficient, no small talk.  Be warned, they don't take cards and the cash machine in the store charges like $2.  Don't grumble, they've passed the savings on to you.  Bon appetite!
Love this place. Love it. \n\nAs with most places in the Raintree/FLW area, during lunchtime it gets superduper busy. They have a good layout, and a TON of seating, so this location doesn't get too bad. They always have a friendly greeter handing out cookie bits while you wait in line, and the line moves quick. The menu is well laid out (better than other Paradise locations) and the food is top notch.\n\nTheir side (overflow) room is great for seating a group of people, and they have a tv in there too (unusual for Paradise). Couldn't be better. Plus they have free wifi. Bring the laptop and stay a while.\n\nOnly complaint is that its a tiny bit pricy, but considering what you get, its worth it. Half salad, half sandwich, drink and a cookie (best part) is around $10.
Just so you know, I don't come here for the Malibu. I've been a regular since October 2007 when they opened their doors. And their house margarita is THE absolute best I've ever had. I can't get enough of them!!\n\nFood is awesome and if you get the chips and salsa, be prepared to eat five basketfuls. They are just that darn good. \n\nI've also had happy hour parties and a birthday party upstairs. Great place to hang out!!!! Go there... or suffer from crappy margaritas elsewhere :)
Rare? Yes. Valuable? Yes. Economically priced? Nope. This is where the serious book collectors go when they don't want to dig through hundreds of yard sales for that off chance of finding a rare classic. Instead, they let the folks at Charles Parkhurst do the dirty work for them (and charge for it as well). They have it all here. The books are in excellent condition, they are kept in nice cases and they have the hard-to-find collectibles. While hunting for a gift for my Mom, I visited this shop to see if they had an older copy of Atlas Shrugged. They did, but it was so rare that it was also $700...a little out of this gift elve's budget for my Mom. However, looking at their collection of books is almost like visiting a museum in itself. Books you didn't even know existed live here. \n\nDo they buy books? Yes, but your books better be rare otherwise they'll send you away. The shop keepers are friendly and incredibly knowledgeable in their rare books. This shop is another example of why I love Old Town. Yes there are plastic-filled clubs surrounding the perimeter, but when you really walk around and explore the town, you realize how many unique shops call Old Town home. For that off chance you need a rare book, or a nice pen, or even tobacco, you'll find it all within walking distance.
"""Especially in Phoenix where everything is so spread out, it's fantastic that you can find great food within walking distance of your hotel. Both the service and food at Fuegos is \tip top\"""" in the words of a former mentor of the Stache. Both the manager Matt and the bartender Maureen were excellent and couldn't have been nicer. The tacos were excellent and I would recommend the ground beef, pernil and chicken as 3 solid choices. Overall, great food, even better service and extremely reasonable prices."""""""
"""There are a lot of places to visit on Mill Avenue . . . however, there is no place like Fat Tuesday!   When we visit Tempe, we always make it a point to stop at \Fats\"""".   We have always visited before the night time crowd comes.  When we walk in the door, the bartenders remember us, suggest yummy drinks, ask about us . . . treat us like we are special.   We have struck up many conversations with other patrons who enjoy going to Fat Tuesdays as much as we do.  During the day it''s a great place to just get out of the heat, cool off with their daquiris and eat a delicious Po Boy.  Jason is our favorite bartender . . . and we have lots of laughs with him!   I am counting the days until weI will be back in AZ to go to Fat Tuesday!"""""""
"""Hillside definitely hits the Spot! \n\nThere aren't too many great options for breakfast/lunch near my office at South Mountain, so I was thrilled to find that I really enjoy this place. I've gotten sandwiches to-go every time I've been here. I wish I've had the opportunity to sit down and eat here. Hillside is pretty sparse in terms of decor, but the restaurant has a very clean feel, and I love the open kitchen. There's always whole rotisserie chicken spinning over their grill. I've also seen whole tomatoes on the grill which gives the place a nice inviting smell throughout the restaurant. \n\nThey offer counter-service, and everyone who's ever helped me has been friendly. I've been offered coffee while I wait as well. My favorite sandwich is \el gallo\"""" torta. In between the soft bread is avocado, chorizo mixed into the scrambled egg, tomato, and a bit of mayo. It is seriously what gets me out of bed some mornings. I also love that they use local ingredients and partner with local vendors. Their menu is also reasonably priced. \n\nIf it wasn't for the long drive back home, I'd like to give this happy hour a shot. They've got a pretty interesting wine selection I'd like to try, but I'm not sure how well that would go with my breakfast sandwich, or boss."""""""
Everything was phenomenal. The patio out back has the perfect ambiance for an intimate evening. Inside is bright and constantly moving. \n\nThe Three Cheese Flatbread has a mouthful of magic in every bite. Even the bread with pesto and butter was the best little loaf of bread I've ever eaten. The Chicken BLT is highly reccomended for the bacon lover in your life. The owner even stopped by our table to say hi.\n\nI love this place. You should too.\n\nEDIT: Oh man, I almost forgot to write about their potato chips. They are kettle chips, and I can't place the flavor (Spicy Tangy BBQ-y Limey) except that they were so delicious I wanted to take a truckload home with me.
I am in love with Joe's FG!  I think that it is probably a little more of an emotion pull than anything else.  My hubby and I almost bought a house in Agritopia, the neighboring subdivision.  I had dreams of riding a cute turquoise Vespa with my little dog in the basket to Joe's, the coffee shop, and Cosmo dog park.  It is SO Pleasantville slash Edward Scissorhand's neighborhood and I love it!  \n\nWe have been there many times and always bring out of town and new to town visitors here.   It's always a great story and people love that a lot of  the food comes from the farm.  Where else can you go that there's a TV in the bathroom showing some strange vintage video cartoon?\n\nMy favorite thing on the entire menu is the garlic fries!  They are a must but make sure that EVERYONE in your party at least tries them if they are going to be in close quarters to you for the next several hours.  This is especially true if you are going to be driving together!!  Everything else on the menu is great!  Love all the burgers, the pizzas are good, my hubby loves the beet salad, the portabella mushroom sandwich is flavorful and satisfying and if you have a sweet tooth, make sure to try the french toast, peanut butter, banana, chocolate chip, pineapple, strawberry sandwich!!! After that, don't forget your shot of insulin!  The ice cream is okay...I'm more of a hand scoop ice cream fan. I haven't had the shake but whenever I go, it seems like everyone else is having one.  I prefer to walk next door to the picture perfect coffee shop to get a special bakery treat.\n\nTake your friends, take your kids.  Don't go for peace and quiet.  This is not a romantic can't see your meal it's so dark restaurant.  You go for the atmosphere, you go for the food!
"""Great Food! Great Service! Great Ambiance! All in that order. \n\nMe and my Thai Companion decided to do lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Well \fortunately\"""" the place we decided to try out was closed, so with the help of \""""Yelp\"""" we found Yupha's. As we are \""""Thai Junkies\"""" we carried on with our Thai Tour 2012..next stop Yupha's..\n\nWe walked in and we were greeted with a warm smile as soon as we walked through the door. We were seated, we sat down, we changed our minds. So i asked if we could sit at a different table, the waitress said,that section was closed. Hhmmm bizarre, oh well, so we settled, no big deal. We came here for the food. I have to say that this place was very clean with a relaxing, ambient setting.  \n\nWe placed our order. We ordered the Siam Wrap for an appetizer, then we placed our order. I ordered the Drunken Noodle, my companion, she ordered the Red Curry. As soon as we placed our order, we were offered the salad bar for their lunch time special. Let me tell you! The Peanut sauce/dressing was GREAT!!! We went back for more. The veggies were fresh, as well as the salad. I mean I can drink the peanut sauce, it was that good. By the time we were half way into our salad, our Siam wrap came. Excellent! The minced chicken was great! very well seasoned, I even used the peanut sauce with the wrap as well. Now came the Goodness, That was quick, was my reply. The drunken noodle was fantastic, an even amount of ingredients, the chicken was perfect, it seemed like some of the chicken was shredded, not a bad idea! The Red Curry was to die for, not literally. It had a different flavor, that I'm not used to. It had a lemon grassy flavor, the curry was thick, not too fishy, and a plenty even amount of ingredients. \n\nOur table was completely covered with food. Now that's how you eat Thai.. \n\nI'm putting Yupha's on my top three for Red Curry. I cant wait to try their other dishes.. \n\nYupha's gets 5 stars! Ill be back!"""""""
Bookman's has been totally remodeled and looks great! All the aisles are more easily navigated and the store seems to flow much better. Before it Not that I thought it was bad before but you can tell they've put a lot of effort into making the book shopping experience easier for customers. \n\nThe multimedia section has expanded too and is no longer cramped into a small area.\n\nThey've also added a lot more seating! There's tons of comfy chairs and couches to lounge on while looking through their enormous selection of books. Yay!
OMG OMG OMG! Beckett's table is an amazing addition to the Phoenix restaurant scene. I have enjoyed two meals here and both were equally amazing. \n\nThe true test for any restaurant in my family is if we take my father there and he does not complain. My second outing to Beckett's Table was with my dad and he did not complain a single time. That my friends is when you know it's good. \n\nI have not been very adventurous during my two times dining here, I ordered the exact same thing each time, with dessert for me always being a toss up.\n\nThe Beckett's original grilled cheese with that delicious tomato soup is absolutely amazing. The savory soup coupled with a grown up kid classic is a divine way to start a decadent evening meal. The short ribs were absolutely amazing. They are what carnivore dreams are made of. As if it could not get any better, then there is dessert. And as a person who always looks at a dessert menu first to decide if I want to save room, SAVE ROOM! I have had the chocolate dipped bacon 'smores and the death by chocolate. Both are amazing, but the death by chocolate is by far my favorite. HELLO NUTELLA PUDDING! I swear I still have dreams about it. \n\nI appreciate the GF options, I'm always on the lookout for places that can accommodate my little celiac sis. \n\nOne more thing to note: Parking is an absolute nightmare in this lot, I would suggest parking towards the other end of the shopping center and walking up to Beckett's.
This TJMaxx/Home Goods location is awesome! It is always super clean and organized, the employees are extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and helpful, and the selection is excellent. I've found so many things I was looking for, and then some, here! TJMaxx is already my favourite chain store of this type (better than Ross, Marshalls, etc.. imho), but this location is even better! The prices are always great, and they carry some very nice items. Whether you are looking for luggage, clothing, furniture, silverware, or household decorations, this store is likely to have something you'll like!
"""For my birthday dinner, I wanted something I hadn't had in a long time - added bonus that it was a new experience for my husband.  After dropping our daughter off at Grandma's House for the night, my hubby and I scooted over to Blue Adobe. \n\nThe place isn't much to look at - this section of Mesa has been hit hard by economic hard times and residents that don't give a rip about their surroundings.  It's a quaint little building and lo and behold, a barbecue joint is next door - not sure when that happened.\n\nWe walked in and were immediately greeted.  The woman even guessed who I was, based on a phone call I made there and hour and a half earlier.  It was a crowded Friday night and almost every table was filled except one in the middle - ours!\n\nOur waitress was immediately at our table asking for our drink order.  My husband asked for her recommendation and she had several.  for me - it was hard to decide between one of the pasta dishes; the chimi or the Carne Adovada.  In the end, the adovada won!!  \n\nIt didn't take us long to notice the deftness of the staff.  Almost IMMEDIATELY after a party left a table, a young man swooped in and prepared the table for the next diners - maybe 30 seconds flat!  He was also quick to fill our glasses of water and remove unwanted dishes off our table.  \n\nThe salsa was a nice break from traditional Mexican salsa.  It had a deeper, richer flavor to it - smokey and complex.  The chips were perfectly seasoned - not to salty, not too bland.  Nice thickness on them as well (I can't stand thick chips!!)\n\nWhen our entrees arrived, we were ready to face the fire!  My husband's Taos Combo had a pork tamale, a tenderloin relleno and a shrimp enchilada.  It was a great way to be introduced to New Mexican cuisine.  I had a bite of the enchilada and the relleno - the tenderloin in the relleno had a deep smokey flavor.\n\nMy Carne Adovada was incredible! Such complexity!  The heat snuck up on you and surrounded you - not a bad heat like eating a habanero, but a rich heat that built up over time.  The meat was tender and flaky and smothered in that deep red/brown sauce.  The rice had that same distinct New Mexican richness to it that traditional \Mexican\"""" or \""""Tex Mex\"""" doesn't offer.  My only complaint was the lack of a vegetable.  I would have preferred something like a succotash or even just some diced tomatoes instead of beans.  We ended up asking for some sour cream to tame the heat a little and what ended up happening (for me anyway) was that the sour cream accentuated the deep complexity of the spices - I tasted more of the preparation behind the adovada.  \n\nMy husband ordered a \""""birthday treat\"""" for us - the pumpkin brulee, which is only available during November (yay for having a November birthday!).  We wondered if we were going to be able to eat it - what with feeling like we just ran into a wall with all that good adovada and tamales in our bellies, but we were both surprised how much we powered through that brulee.  It was perfectly done - PERFECT!!  The pumpkin flavor was obvious without being overbearing.  It was surprisingly light."""""""
Same compliments I sent to the restaurant as well:\n\nThis was our first visit to Brio and we were so impressed. Everyone was so friendly and warm and our server, Alicia was fantastic. She described the menu to us with great detail and almost making it hard to decide because everything sounded so good! We were so grateful Alicia told us about the Summer special (Chicken Milanese and Lasagne) helping make it easier to decide since it was such a good value. She was so knowledgable about everything the restaraunt offered, the menu and how the food was prepared. Way more than we could have asked for, but such a pleasant surprise. I don't usually expect spectacular service at restaraunts, but typically decent at least. She blew me away with her service skills. I am so happy about this awesome experience, excellent service and delicious food. I can't wait to tell my friends, post on Yelp and come back to visit! Thank you so much! Worth every penny I spent in your restaurant tonight!
Absolutely LOVE Peter Piper and have enjoyed this facility for years. Surprised I haven't YELP'd it before now but I guess it just never struck me to do so. \n\nGreat games that are always working. Easy for the littler ones to get tickets for the toys that you could buy in the dollar store but end up spending $20 to get...but I digress. \n\nPizza is addictive. I CRAVE the California Veggie which is my favorite and although it doesn't always fit in my diet plans, I do try to have it about once a month.  I've also had the wings, salads, and even the soft serve ice cream. All is very good.\n\nI've been to birthday parties here, held meetings here, and even had fundraisers here all with lots of success. This Peter Piper is very good to the community as well offering plenty of donations and opportunities to reward kids in schools.  \n\nThe staff here is friendly and nice. The management is helpful and eager to please.\n\nAll around 5 star location.
Been there twice, recommend to all, will keep going.\n\nSo far I have had a Green Chili Burger and Coal Original with blue cheese. Both awesome. I can taste the quality of the meat and buns. Even if your palate can't determine a difference your stomach will. You won't feel a lump in your stomach like other burger places. Probably something to do with natural beef and gluten free buns or something.\n\nSparking lemonde from the fountain is a must. And love the sweet potato fries with coal sauce to dip in.
$5 martinis and $5 manicures on Mondays!!!\n\nThe manicurist teaches at a school, so - needless to say - the manicure was great.\n\nThe drinks were good.  The bartender stayed on top of us, but also out of our way.  \n\nThe atmosphere is just lovely - chill/quiet - and the staff (including the perfectly charming (and handsome!) Owner) were really pleasant to be around.\n\nI think Cheuvront may be losing some of its steam to the newer restaurants downtown and, granted, I've yet to try this out for dinner and wine, but it's really a very lovely place and I'd really like to see this neighborhood staple thrive!
This is a dentist office that knows its clientele.  There is a large door for adults and a small door for the kids to enter.  The fast ipad registration is great to get the appointment started and be on your way.  The play tower and video games are also a bonus.  We have never waited more than 5-10 minutes to be in the chair and having a cleaning.  The dental assistants are kind, gentle, and extremely tolerant.   Kudos to Dr. Tim and his enthusiasm for Halloween!
This is hands down my favorite ballpark I've ever been too. There is nothing like Chase Field at an Arizona Diamondback game. The roof is AMAZING! What a genious idea! A/C in a baseball stadium?! There's a game to play, but it's 110\u00b0 outside... close the roof and turn on the A/C! Haha! It is really spectacular to watch as well when the roof is in motion. Every seat is great, the food prices are high, but now include a value menu, light rail station right out front to get you on your way and free of traffic. Almost no flaws at all. Even ticket prices are reasonable. Like I've said, nothing like a ballgame at Chase Field. Everyone should be here once before they die.
See my avatar?  That my friends, is a Tyson Crosbie original.  Word on the street is that he steals souls for a living, but not to worry since he actually gives them back.  ;)\n\nHere's what I love about Tyson's method; he's all about capturing the real you and not the posed, fake mannequin 'you' that you try to pull off every time you take a picture.  Another great thing about Tyson's process is that he provides real, honest feedback from other creative individuals to help you see things things in your photo that you would probably miss.  Ultimately, I highly recommend Tyson for your photography needs.  ;)
The barista held nothing back in describing the flavor characteristics of their roasted beans, and helped me pick out the perfect coffee for me, it being my first time in the shop.  I eventually settled on the 24-hour cold brew coffee, which is amazing, an I'm looking forward to trying their other flavors.  \n\nBig pluses are the friendly barista, atmosphere, and quality.  I'll definitely be coming back Macbook in hand to spend some more quality time here.  Maybe I'll be lucky enough to find some people to play chess with or make interesting conversation.
Tricks is the only worthwhile option for fresh, creative fine dining level food in downtown Tempe.  The location is tucked away in a lovely old house, really two I think, with tables sprinkled in a lovely garden which is touched with artistic elements.  The house itself is very intimate, with brightly colored walls and warm atmosphere. \n\nThe food is seasonal and inventive.  Each course we had brought beautiful presentation and touches of character.  The wine list is well thought out and the waiter really knew how to suit a wine with our tastes.\n\nExcellent experience, can't wait to have the occasion to return!
"""Went here with the hubby & my 2 littlest ones for a Saturday breakfast a couple of weekends ago. Saw many good posts about this joint and I wanted to check it out. Sorry I'm just posting this now!\n\nThis place did not disappoint! People were friendly and service was pretty quick. I believe that we were one of the youngest ones there (lots of seniors).\n\nPortions were great and coffee was excellent which is something I look out for. A diner-feel place and that's a really big plus for me! We were tempted to start out with the cinnamon roll, but we saw a couple of them passing by and they were as huge as bricks! We decided to skip on that because the menu items were what we were aiming for. My hubby usually orders the chicken fried steak and fixings, but he didn't care for that this time and wanted to try something different. I on the other hand, not a \chicken fried steak for breakfast gal,\"""" ordered that ha! Food came out hot, fixings were cooked nicely, condiments readily available on the table. Portion size was perfect for me and it came with a sausage gravy that was yummy! The meal comes with toast, choice of potatoes and choice of eggs. I will order this again for sure. Kids ordered the normal \""""one egg, 2 bacon, and toast deal\"""" and also wanted to share some pancakes so we ordered a short stack (they were pretty big). Kiddos normally take half home of anything they eat, but this time they ate everything - including the short stack! That tells me not only were they extremely happy, but that the food was delicious and then they were taking bites from our plates too (they're 8 & 9)!\n\nGreat little place - very homey and I'll definitely come back for the breakfast with the fam again. I'll try to come back in to try the lunch one day as they looked intriguing to me as well! Check out my pix for the chicken fried steak!"""""""
My friend and I found this place by utter happenstance on our lunch break one afternoon, and I haven't been the same since.\n\nMy other, infinitely less exciting coworkers volley between Quizno's and Subway - possibly out of laziness, possibly out of ignorance - but one can only suffer so much of that infamous Subway stench (you know how your clothes smell like yeast and onions for six hours after entering a Subway location? That's what I'm talking about.) before you need to eat a real sandwich. Sticklers has saved us from this sub-monotony. \n\nI ordered a turkey sandwich with swiss cheese and I swear, the meat just melted on my tongue. The vegetables were so fresh you could taste and appreciate each individual ingredient. The coleslaw side - while tiny enough to warrant two orders - is perfect, and my ability to get a diet IBC rootbeer and potentially trick my boss into thinking I'm drinking a beer on the job is just icing on the Sticklers cake. \n\nThe place is spacious, clean, and most importantly, doesn't reek. If you're downtown and want fast, fresh food for a reasonable price and no lingering scent, Sticklers is the place to go.
It does not get any better than this place, I wish they had a location in the NW Valley but it probably wouldn't be as cool.  I love the casual atmosphere (has a rocky point feel to it) and you usually get good service.  When they are really busy I just get my drinks from the center bar and it is always fast.  It is also not too loud here when you are having a conversation like many other places.  Prices aren't bad either, just my favorite all around bar that seems always to be busy just because it is too cool.  Oh and the food is good too.
I attended a private party at LTD's Studio 5c venue and it was fantastic!  The rooftop venue is across from Sun Devil Stadium and has great views.  This would be the perfect place to host a pre-game party during football season.  Studio 5c is large enough to host a party of 75 people and the company's rentals come at a discounted price.  The venue is a hidden gem in Tempe that would impress guests for any party. \n\nI highly recommend hosting a party at Studio 5c or using LTD for party rentals.
"""This Barber shop is perfect for a guy like me.  Let me tell you why and I will try to be short and sweet about it-  I just moved to the area about a month ago and was in need of a cut.  There is nothing more nerve-wracking then having someone new cut your hair after having the same barber for the past 7 years.  I was very nervous.  I had no idea how to explain to the new barber at JL's Barber Shop what I wanted.  I didn't know what numbers I used on clippers.  I told him \Its been about 1 month since my last cut, and I wear the front up......so I guess just like it is now but shorter, business casual\""""  He said OK and went to work.  \n\nI was relieved when I started to notice how much attention to detail my barber paid  I was then relieved even more when he used scissors to cut the top of my hair ( Some barbers just weed wack your hair all over with the clippers/buzzers)\n\nIt took a good 15-20 minutes before he was done, which was awesome because this place had a nice TV right in front of me with the news on it.  It was actually a relaxing experience.  \n\nThis guy nailed it.  My hair looked great!  Its like he knew what I wanted without me being able to explain it that well to him.\n\nHe even explained to me what #s he used to fade up the sides and how he did it, that way I would know what to ask for in the future.\n\nI had no idea how much this cut was going to cost me.... When I went to pay and he said 14$... I was sold.  Very great value.\n\nI will be going back to JL's"""""""
This is my first review on Yelp so here you go...\n\nI love Yasu!!  This is by far the best sushi and authentic japanese restaurant in Phoenix.  I have been there numerous times and it never disappoints.  \n\nYou have to try their Sumibiyaki which are items cooked over Japanese charcoal, last time I was there I had the beef tongue..sounds weird but its so good\n\nNigiri/sashimi are a must.  They always have the best selection and daily special, most important...its always fresh...this is definately important!!  The sweet shrimp is my personal favorite and anything else you order, you will find the fish is sliced with great execution.  \n\nRequest fresh chopped wasabi, you will never eat sushi with out it again!  \n\nLove this place!!
Eating at the Petite Maison makes me wish a I lived in Scottsdale.\n\nI was visiting Phoenix for a weekend, and found this restaurant on Yelp. This cozy and unpretentious french restaurant lives up to everything reviewed.\n\nThe escargot and Soupe \u00e0 l'onion were great starters. The Porc Roti (pork chop) with roasted butternut squash was juicy and delicious. Unfortunately, they were out of the souffl\u00e9, but the chocolate cr\u00e8me brul\u00e9e and port poached pear were both yummy desserts. Yes...I ate a lot, and I wanted more.\n\nOur waiter was very friendly, and had some great recommendations. The only bad part of the night was that we made reservations for 9:15, and was not seated until 9:45. However, the restaurant was very accommodating, and we actually wanted to return the next morning for brunch. If not for our flight, we would've come back for more.\n\nI would fly to Phoenix and drive to Scottsdale just to eat here again.
"""I first learned about Sole Sports when I was looking for local group runs. I purchased my first pair of \serious\"""" running shoes from them. While I was there, they performed a gait analysis and put me into a pair of shoes that had been the second more comfortable pair that I have run in, before they introduced me to my new favorite pair. The staff are not just knowledgeable about shoes, most are seasoned runners and athletes. In addition to shoes, the staff knows a ton about nutrition, maintenance and injury prevention. They have group runs that leave the store that have helped me immensely with my long distance runs. Not only have they helped me with my purchases, they have had a large part to do with my training. The staff is always very friendly and they have some very informative clinics as well as an occasional weekend event. I can not think of enough ways to give back to these guys so I try to make all of my running gear purchases there. I owe a debt of gratitude to Lance the staff there... you know who you are. You all rock! See you at a race or the next group run."""""""
We went with friends and their two little kids.  While the food was okay, a little bland for my taste.  I've been to Benihana's before and this was probably a little below expectations.  However, our chef is what inspired me to give this one five stars.  It was the two kids first experience to a teppan restaurant and our chef definitely played to them.  It was an awesome experience for the kids which made all the adults happy.\n\nMy favorite part was when our chef asked the little boy in our group to cook the chicken gave him a spatula and kept asking if he remembered to flip the chicken.  Priceless moments!  Thanks Benihana!
Sauce is a great gourmet pizza chain. I've eaten at the one at Glendale and 7th Street in Phoenix many times on several trips to the Valley, but stopped at the Waterfront location after some last minute Christmas shopping at Fashion Square (btw, Waterfront is really nice, first time I had been to it). It's very casual; you order at the counter after deciding from a menu on the wall. They have salads, sandwiches, thin crust pizzas, and pastas. I had the chicken pesto, tomato, and aged parmesan pizza. Their pizzas are very simple, with only a few ingredients, but there's a great variety of pizzas. After you order at the counter, they give you a number to put on your table and deliver your food when it is ready. The pizza I ordered was excellent. It had a simple taste to it, but it tasted really good. The only complaint I had about it was there could've been more pesto sauce. Overall, if you're looking for a quick convenient place to eat that has great food, head to Sauce. According to the website, there are 5 Valley locations, 3 Tucson area locations, and one Denver location. Now all they need is a Cleveland area location.
Every year around spring training I seem to watch a game on TV where some asshole is sitting in the 80 degree sun drenched outfield grass section with a beer. Its usually raining here at that time.  I curse him up one side and down the other.  I have not even met his mother but she gets a little bit of bad mouthing too.\n\nThis spring training, I am that asshole.  (But please don't talk about my mama)  \n\nMy first introduction is being 5 minutes away out of a 40 min drive and realize i forgot the tickets.  No worries.  I bought them on line and a guy named Brian in the ticket office saved my butt a long drive back to get them.  He reprinted after he asked if I bought them online.  I did and he checked it out and i was good to go.  You saved my trip and my experience to this ball park.  I appreciate you.\n\nThe stadium is small in comparison to major league parks and I loved it.  The staff is made up primarily of retired folks and they could not be nicer.  The lines go a little slower because they BS and make jokes.  It's all good.  Loved it.  Except the 70+ year old man that was trying to take a run at my girl.  Back it up old man.  I will push you down.  Its all fun and games until someone breaks a hip.\n\nFood is better than big league parks in LA and beer is way cheaper too.  Everyone seems to really enjoy the Cactus league when it comes to town.  I had a great time and if my girl can promise to behave in the future, I will take her back with me.  Either way, I'm going.
I have to agree with Lisa K.  This Dairy Queen is excellent.  I had a coupon for a free Blizzard and this is the closest one to my home so off we went.  This one is located in the strip mall where Phoenix Palace Buffet is on Dobson.  It's kind of tucked away next to a Yoga studio in the corner.\n\nWe were warmly greeted the minute we walked in and served quickly.  My daughter told the woman that her birthday was coming up and she instantly put her on a list for a free birthday blizzard.  Nice!  We all know Blizzards are full of fat and sugar but the darn things are so good, who can resist!!  I tried the Pumpkin Pie Blizzard and it was delish!!  I love all things pumpkin though so if that's not your thing, my daughter had the cookie dough and she gave it two thumbs up!!  She said there were big chunks of cookie dough in it and that was a-ok in her book!\n\nIt's nice when you get great service at a little fast food joint.  Usually that's not the case.  Kudos to this one for being different in a good way!
Love it!!! Having taken a recent mini vacay with the bf to Arizona, we decided we wanted to try out the local breweries. We stumbled upon Four Peaks from the suggestion of our kayaking tour guide. He def made an excellent suggestion. The place is huge and is super accommodating for all of its patrons. We tried the Raj IPA and the PEach beer. Both were amazing, especially the Peach beer. It totally hit the spot on such a blazing hot day. Later, we shared the beer sampler, beer battered fries, and clam chowder. I know we're crazy for having clam chowder when its like 110 degrees outside and there's not AC inside, but it was really good. The beer battered fries were great. The serving is huge too and is perfect for sharing. I would totally come back here if I'm ever in Arizona again.
This is one of my favorite places in Scottsdale, in all of Phoenix really.  It's such a great place for wine lovers and even non wine lovers.  They do have some mixed drinks but to tell you the truth I've never bothered.\nI have spent many a Sunday afternoon here enjoying several bottles of wine and awesome conversation.\n\nI love their wine list.  It is hysterical.  I actually sit there and read it.  Every page has some funny comment about the list or a wine on the list.  They also have a good selection of flights.\n\nThe waiters and waitresses are amazingly knowledgeable about wine, especially considering how many are on the menu.  They are not snooty at all and consistently make good recommendations.\n\nI'd avoid this place on a Friday or Saturday night.  It's packed.  Go on a lazy Sunday afternoon and you won't regret it.  \n\nHint: they also serve the chopped salad from Cowboy Ciao -- woo hoo!
One of the things I love about my neighborhood is that Cornish Pasty is w/in walking distance.\n\nEvery pasty Ive had here is awesome. My personal faves include the shepherds pie, the chicken pot pie, and the thanksgiving pasty.\n\nYes its tiny and loud, but it adds to the charm. Also, the smell that you smell right when you walk in the door= heaven.\n\nWe eat in and get to go. Tip for to go: have a beer or a cider w/ your wait.
If you haven't been here. Go. Now. Stop reading this review, ignore the fact that you just ate an hour ago, and go nosh the shit out of some of the best damn chicken you'll find in the valley. \n\nThere are only two options at this place that are on par with some of the best carne asada or red chicken you'll get from a carniceria. Seeing how the only options are chicken or beef (Or both! Go wild!), it's probably not the best place to bring a leaf eater. They'll be stuck munching on marinated onions, since I'm pretty sure the tortillas and pinto beans have got a lovely amount of lard in them, plus their senses will be assaulted by the delicious smell of succulent, juicy grilled meat. That smell by the way can be detected throughout the strip mall this place is located in, and without a fail gets me salivating whenever I walk by. \n\nEverything is prepared lightening fast and you can eat in the place or get your food to go. The combos are dirt cheap and delicious, at four bucks for a 1/4 beef or chicken, and seven bucks for the combination of the two. Each combo comes with two torillas, pinto beans, salsa and maninated onions. Half and whole chickens or piles of beef are also available for extremely reasonable prices. They only take cash though, so run over to the Circle K at Ash and University to the money machine if you find yourself with nothing but plastic. The 2.00 fee to use the ATM will be totally worth it.
When I want a fresh and juicy burger WHATABURGER is the place I go to !\n\nI love the Bacon & Cheese Whataburger.  \n\nCombo meal is only $6.88 after taxes and that includes your fries and drink.  This restaurant is always clean.  Employees friendly and nice and the best part ?  \n\nBoth the drive thru and dining room is open 24 hours !\n\nWhataburger is old school I remember ordering their food at America West Arena ( Now U.S. Airways Center ) when I went to Suns games back in the early 90's.
I died and went to heaven the first day I ate there!  Please, be adventurous and try something different!  This place should be in every city in every state- in my opinion!  The menu is diverse as heck in regards to everything you can do with peanut butter!  I like how they specialize meals for kids and how they serve animal crackers as a side (whereas another place would give you fries or potato chips).  My heart seriously skips a beat when I see this place on the horizon!
There are a remarkable number of indie coffeehouses in Cave Creek/Carefree for such a small area, but Janey's is hands down my absolute favorite. The coffee is superb - beans are supplied by The Roastery of Cave Creek - and always hand-crafted perfectly to your specifications. The food is delish, always fresh and made when you order, not before. They have a lovely, well-edited wine selection, including a Riesling I was pleasantly surprised to also see offered at Zinc Bistro, and some great beer on tap. Stop by Thursday nights for local music, or weekend mornings to enjoy chats with the locals around the outdoor fire (in the winter, of course!).\n\nIt is important to me to spend my money in locally-owned, family-operated business whenever possible, and that's another reason why I love this place. It is truly a family labor of love - all of them work here, and you'll see them all circle through if you sit there long enough. You're apt to be there all day if you sink into one of the overstuffed leather armchairs... Free wifi so you can work if you're so inclined.\n\nThe highlight of Janey's, other than the great coffee, food and bar, are their two affable Afghan hounds, Moses and Ghandi. While some people come by just to play with the dogs, I suggest you at least enjoy a cup of coffee while you do so : ) Bring your own pooch too - Janey's patio is a great doggy hangout!\n\nYoga Breeze was doing a full moon yoga session on the patio in warmer weather, and hopefully that will resume when this Arctic freeze we're experiencing ends.\n\nAnd by the way, if you can't handle a little dust on your car a la the dude from Glendale below, you probably shouldn't be coming to Cave Creek. But I think if dirt parking lots don't bother the owners of the multi-million dollar homes in town with vehicles to match, you could probably let it slide, too. If not, there's a $5 car wash up the road.
