Thank you thank you thank you !! I  want to thank the people that made this place happen ....you have made all my dreams come true. Imagine a delicious yogurt shop with super fun flavors like peanut butter, chocolate mint, cake batter and so many more.  I used to have to travel to  Yogurtland or Jujuberry  but not anymore , now we have one right in the hood!! Guess what?   instead of eating a normal lunch I can pig out with a healthy peanut butter yogurt smothered in chocolate chips.   Could be the perfect lunch!!  See you there!
Good Pizza and great service!!\nThe date dinner for two special is great for its value, available on Thursdays after 6:00 pm!!!\n It included an entree, two salads and one pizza of your choice!!! \nEnough food for two!!! :) The garlic french fries were bomb!!!! Deliciously seasoned. As for our friend, the birthday boy, he had pepperoni pizza and that by itself was great, better than our BBQ Chicken pizza I would say!!\n Fun place, great service, AWESOME YOUNG MAN SERVING!!! :) We came here with a group of 12 and were seated urgently and smoothly!! :) Oh and the Pomegranate Martini was Oh soo Great!!! A must try, a bit strong, but that's how I like them!! :)
"""Regency has been in Ahwatukee for as long as I can remember, and I've been here a long time!  The staff is super friendly; they recognize me as soon as I walk in the door and even know who my parents are (who have been going there forever) and tell me that they stopped in earlier in the week.  They do alterations too!\n\nThe prices are a little high, this isn't your $2/item dry cleaner.  I've used those places before and I believe you get what you pay for.  For example, they look for spots/stains before they clean my clothes, I don't have to call special attention to them.  Regency catches the stains that I miss!!  The $2 place never did that!\n\nAlso, they use earth friendly cleaning products/process.  To me that makes my money worth it and it also makes me think twice before getting something dry cleaned.  \Can I get one more wear out of those dress pants?  Its not like I went hiking in them . . . yeah, I can wait.\""""\n\nAs we've all heard before, we vote with our dollars, and I vote for the local, friendly dry cleaner that cares about the planet!"""""""
"""Service and food is excellent.  $3.99 for a good sized burrito served with rice and beans on the side is a great deal.  Or 99 cent tacos (these are the Mexico \street\"""" style ones served on a soft flat corn tortilla).  All their food is very authentic.\n\nThe Al Pastor (seasoned grilled pork and onions) is my favorite and is the best I've ever had.  Whether it's in a burrito, taco or torta, I absolutely love it.  The sodas are the kind you'd get in Mexico.. they import them in the glass bottles.  I've always liked these better than the plastic bottle type you get in the states. The Mexican ones are sweeter and less carbonated.\n\nGreat place, and they have beer too."""""""
"""Let's talk about the good things at Moto.\n\n1. Beer. The owner (who splits his time between CO and AZ) doesn't mess around with \typical\"""" beers. You won't find Budweiser, Miller, Coors, Heineken, Corona or any of their \""""lite\"""" varieties. Usual beers found on tap are from Four Peaks (local brewery), Stone Brewing (San Diego), Avery Brewing (Boulder, CO) and various other craft brewing companies. \n\nAlong with the beer comes an in-frequent \""""beer celebration\"""" held at Moto. This happens for Stone Brewing Anniversaries along with other random events. Usually advertised on tables a few weeks prior to the event. \n\n\n2. Non-sushi menu items. There is a good selection of pre-made bowls along with a make your own bowl option. I consider all of these bowls to be \""""to-go\"""" options, I can never finish a full bowl (I'm 6'3\"""" and 200+ lbs, to give you an idea of my size/appetite). Also, the buffalo burger and salmon entrees are good sized and won't break the bank.\n\nI've had every appetizer available on the menu and can say that they are all good to excellent. The spring rolls come with a wonderful sweet sauce. The chicken quesadillas are large and filling. The asian nachos are piled high.\n\n\n3. Desert - The \""""Mojos\"""" are probably one of the best frozen deserts I've ever had. Ice cream wrapped in rice crispy treats. The ice cream can change daily, the servers usually do not know what flavor it will be. The menu states this as well.\n\n\n4. The \""""Underground\"""" menu. This is the menu of specialty rolls that are made. These clock in at $12 each and are very good. The Jalapenko is spicy and very filling for an 8 piece serving. \n\n\n5. The \""""all you can eat\"""" on Saturday. This is both good and bad. The good is that yes, you can get all you can eat (of the available sushi, not everything is on this special). The bad is that once it gets busy you will need to wait for your items, Moto runs two sushi chefs max. If you expect 20 orders of 5+ sushi items to come out in 5-10 minutes, you need to come back to reality. Get there early and order in a timely manner, be prepared.\n\n\nAnd now the downside:\n\n1. Sushi - The regular menu has, in comparison to other sushi bars, a very small selection. As mentioned in earlier reviews, only smoked salmon for some items rather than regular salmon. The sushi available is of good size without the \""""rice bloat\"""" that some sushi bars have, you know what I mean, when the roll has more rice than contents (fish/veggies/seaweed or soy wrap). I recommend ordering a regular roll, such as spicy tuna and an \""""underground\"""" roll (mentioned above).\n\n\n2. Wait time and servers - This is a neighborhood restaurant, through and through this is how the owner markets the establishment and runs it. If it is very busy you will need to wait for a table. You will need to wait for your order to be prepared longer if it is busy.\n\n\n\nThat's all I have to offer you in the way of advice and opinion on Moto. Overall it is above average when factoring in the experience and goal of the restaurant. I wouldn't call it a \""""sushi experience\"""", but rather a nice sushi restaurant in a good neighborhood. Go to have a nice lunch or dinner, or to watch a game and drink some great beers."""""""
We Finlay made it to St Francis. My girlfriend and I came here for dinner New Years eve for dinner before heading to a party. We both went with the 3 course meal that night. She got the salad that had thinly slice grapefruit and a light but tasty vinaigrette. I choose the lobster bisque. This lobster bisque was so good except one thing, they put thinly sliced pecans in it. This is not a place for nuts. I had a few bites of it before I got the pecans and it was delicious. Once i chewed the nuts it coated my mouth and that was all I could taste for the rest of the bowl. Leave the nuts out next time it was so good!!! Course #2 She got the scallops. Freakin awsome and cooked to perfection! I have never had a scallop cook so perfect ever. Props to who ever was cooking the scallops that night! I ordered the fillet. I ordered it med rare and it was more like med+ and I took one bite and decided to keep it cause it was delicious and they were busy and didn't want to wait 15 min for another. I usually would have sent it back but the flavor was there and the veggies that came with were excellent. For the desserts she got pear dessert with ice cream. Freakin awsome. Great thing to have for cleansing the palate after all that great food. I got the Chocolate turtle dessert that was great but we took that home for later. The building is cool and for the firs timers the waiter gives you a little history about the building before ordering. Great service and great food. We will be back and cant wait to see whats on the menu next time we stop by!
Uncle Bear's is one of the best things about Queen Creek! \n\nThe food is actually decent pub grub. The vibe is laid back, festive, friendly, and warm. The locals that frequent the place are definitely life of the party. The dog wall of fame is very sweet. The RIP wall made me tear up for my recently lost dog. When you're in this joint, you feel dinstinctly like you're in a beach town in San Diego, rather than a tiny suburb in AZ. \n\nI recommend you swing by. If you come a few times, everyone will know you and you'll feel like you're walking into a really fun living room.
Really Nice inside... not your typical Courtyard.\n\nHad a bit of The W feel but it was bright and airy inside.\n\nThe rooms were really nice and the bed was super comfy.\nAlso, the bathroom.... the sink is outside from the shower and toilet.... which makes it easier for 2 people to use the bathroom at the same time.\n\nThey also offer complimentary WiFi which is very convenient.\n\nI didn't get to enjoy the cafe downstairs but it looked good.\n\nThe front desk folks were nice and efficient.  Got the 4 of us and our 3 rooms organized and checked-in in a matter of minutes.
"""My husband and I came here after hiking Camelback Mountain. We were hungry and wanted some hearty diner food and totally found it in Joe's.\n\nTwo eggs poached for me. Perfect, especially for $0.99. My husband had the corned beef hash covered in two fried eggs with a side of chorizo gravy and biscuts. The hash was as he puts it so well: \Tastes like it's out of a can, just like I like it.\"""" The eggs were cooked well. The only negative was the biscuit. Like good southerners, we're a little picky and it was a little doughy for our taste. But the chorizo gravy is a must. Delicious, and I know my gravy.\n\nThe service is friendly, quick, and attentive. We'd definitely come back next time we're in the area."""""""
Basically this is a place offers some real frozen yogurt, unlike so many other stores offers ice cream but titled as 'frozen yogurt' to be in the trend. Bliss's froyo actually has the sour, tart yogurt taste, and you can feel the lightness! I love the original flavor, and don't like toppings on it. I always get a big one to go, and put in the freezer when I can't finish it, and it still tastes the same on the next day, or tastes even better after you freeze them according to my roommate.\n\nAnyways, this is a great place for some real froyo. Just be sure to look to a corner store next to the Bank of America on Mill, cuz its kinda hidden in the brickyard.
WOW!  This is a beautiful Spring Training stadium!  I was able to attend the Season Opener of the D-backs and Rockies and loved this place. It did take what seemed forever to get a parking and I am sure that they have worked out the kinks.  The lawn seating covers the entire outfield and is the best place to watch a game.  The food was fantastic!  There were so many choices.  I decided to go with some fry bread and I was not disappointed.  My next visit I will have to try out Salty's or Native New Yorker.  I did get to spy on a celebrity...Gonzo was signing some autographs for some lucky fans!  I loved the selections of micro brews that are available at the stadium.  I like that this stadium has sunblock stands available courtesy of CHC.   I can't wait to watch several more games at this stadium during spring training!
This is such a nice getaway from the pretentious, overpriced Old Town places crawling with posers. \n\nHands down the best margarita in town. Nice happy hour with good drink specials. Overall, nice ambiance, good music and not too loud. \n\nThe food is pretty good too. Good soups, nice apps, (tres hummus plate is very good - veggies instead of pita is a nice, healthy touch). Arizona fire corn is unique and delicious, and the sweet potato fries are a winner.\n\nFor the entrees, if you like fish, the Pescado Veracruz is very flavorful. Also, the sonoran veggie wrap was good- but DRY, which is too bad because the sonoran sauce is delicious. Here is a hint:  you need to put it on the whole wrap, not just on the last bite! I must say I was looking forward to the Rocky Point Pizza and was a little disappointed. I expected shrimp on the pizza, not shrimp flavored puree. It was still good, but not special.\n\nFinally, this is just a nice place to chill out at the bar after a long day without obstreperous music and irritating patrons.
This is a very nice superstore for all you homemaking needs....but I think what set's it apart from stores like Hobby Lobby.....and Michaels is that they offer free classes to show you how make you home more beautiful. I mean everything from sewing your own curtains....to making arts and crafts to decorate your home....and did I mention it is all FREE. Can't be that.....so get over to Joann's and get your homemaking on people. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my Friends
A perfect way to top of an exotic shopping experience at 99 Ranch.  The Taiwan Express has photos of many (not all) of their dishes. Very authentic.  \n\nAlso try some shaved ice for desert (brought me back to Singapore!).  My kids love the shaved ice, though they are more used to Asian foods than most kids.  \n\nNote that the Buffet section (to the left) is better than any mall food courts, and may be more tame for some taste buds.  \n\nAND - in between the buffet and Taiwan Express you can buy a whole roast duck for about $12.50, which they will cut up for you.  Be sure to buy some Plum Sauce (elsewhere in the store) for a sweet dipping sauce for the duck (yummy!).
This is a small family owned sub shop that's been in the same plaza in this older part of Mesa for over 30 years. This is the original but they've since expanded all over Mesa. You'll find them tucked next to the Dirty Drummer bar on the corner in the same plaza as Wendy's. It can be hard to spot if you're not looking for it. \n\nThey have brightly colored booth seating right when you enter. A few feet back is the counter to order. Depending on what time of day, you'll either see the owner working, his family, or your typical high school kids.\n\nI've always enjoyed their subs, whether it was as a young child or on lunch break long ago in high school. What I enjoy most is their meat selection and the fact that they have a generous helping of not too tart italian dressing and mayo on their subs. The combination is hard to describe but when it's done right, it tastes unlike any other sub.Their bread is soft and fluffy and they leave out the million and a half vegetables you'll get at other places, making it a true sandwich- not just a bunch of vegetables on bread. You can get your sandwich hot or cold and they have reasonably priced lunch specials btwn. 10 AM - 2 PM where you can get an 8 or 12 inch sub, drink, chips or pickle for between $4.63 - $5.23  They also do catering.\n\nPersonally I think the Poorboy is one of the best with Salami, Spiced Ham, Bologna, & Provolone Cheese. I would never think of putting those meats together, let alone eat them by themselves, but for some reason they make it work. I love Krazy Sub :)
I like this airport, it's huge. I usually dislike oversized hubs but I like Phoenix. It's layout is friendly and organized, the long, flat, escalators make you feel like your super-human-power-walking, love it.\n\nIt has a ton of shopping and good bars. I think there is 11 jewelry stores in the airport alone, which would suck if it were anywhere else, but when your in Arizona your in the Mecca of awesome craft jewelry masters from all the local Native American tribes. That do amazing turquoise and silver work. \n\nHighly airconditioned so bring your hoodie. Barfly is a decent bar for a cold cocktail.
For a municipal course, Dobson Ranch is tops.  This is the place to go for a good, cheap afternoon round of golf during the summer.  It's a well maintained traditional course, with large trees lining the fairways, and grass everywhere.  Dobson Ranch is great for beginners, as the ball is playable from anywhere that is not in someone's backyard.  It's slice-friendly too, with most of the out of bounds areas sitting to the left of the fairways.\n\nDobson Ranch is a standard par 72, except instead of having 4 par 3s, 10 par 4s, and 4 par 5s; it has 5 par 3s, 8 par 4s, and 5 par 5s.\n\nAt only $10 to walk on a summer afternoon, this is one of the best values in the Valley.
I used to be anti-Cold Stone, but I've changed my stance since moving nearby and getting it way too often due to my girlfriend's cravings. Yeah, that's it, I'll blame her for our weekly visits. We started going to this location about a year ago and the trend always seemed to be pissed off, teenage high school girls with neck tattoos behind the counter hatefully making your ice cream. It was especially nice when they felt the need to complain about their miserable lives to the customers. But ya know, I learned something from one of them one day. It sounds to me it was the owner or manager of this location that was the bane of these poor girls' existence. So ya know what, I'm on their side now. \n\nBut that used to be the trend. Over the past few months there seems to be a happier group of girls working who don't have neck tattoos. They are more upbeat, positive, and don't complain. They make damn good Gotta Have It sized specialty ice cream bowls. Enjoy!
McGraths in Scottsdale is CLOSED!!!!!\n\nThe wife and I actually stepped in for lunch here today and they have a pretty affordable lunch menu. We both had halibut and shrimp fried with french fries. very good stuff! The Cole Slaw is also very good, creamy and flavorful. Coming from the Pacific North West I am very particular about fish. This halibut was white, solid and flaky. I'll be trying out the Soup and Salad next time. Gotta' have good clam chowder or it just aint' a fish house!
My parents and I love Marjerle's. Their happy hour is good, love the wings. We end up going there and we all just get wings! The fried shrimp are great, and the brownie dessert is decadent and good. We've been here for trivia night and we won a $5 gift card, the emcee was funny and it was a nice way to spend a night! Great place to watch UFC or whatever game you like to see. Service is good, all the waitresses I've had have doted on us. Great sports bar, it'll always be one of our regular spots!
Mojo was delish. I had the original tart. It was very good. I didn't like the chocolate chip cookie dough topping. That was disappointing. I also tried the raspberry which was pretty good too. It was your run of the mill self serve yogurt. \n\nWhat I found interesting was how many people would serve themselves a taste and keep going back for freebies. Wow, I saw a whole family do that. It made me laugh yet I was embarrassed at the same time!
"""It had been a while since I've been to Cherry Blossom, so I didn't feel good about reviewing it until I tried it again recently.  It was just as good as I remembered.  The service is a tad slow and it is pretty smoky inside, so you run the risk of smelling like garlic and wok oil all day if you eat in.  But take out is always an option.  \n\nI had a noodle soup with \mountain vegetables\"""" and fatty udon noodles.  Mountain vegetables?  WTF?  The server didn't even know what the were but they tasted good.  \n\nTwo thumbs up."""""""
"""Are my reviews disappearing? I submitted a photo of this place back in September and it's still there, but I would swear I wrote a review too....\n\nSo add me to the mozzarella sandwich love.  I could eat the hell out of that thing every day of the week. Really wish I still lived close by so I could. The sandwich is so perfect, and so FRESH tasting unlike so many other \caprese\"""" style sandwiches I have tasted. And for $8 you get a HUGE sandwich. Go get it, you wont be disappointed.\n\nThe piece of candy/chocolate they give you is a welcome touch :)"""""""
"""I walked in the front door.  The sign said, \Wookie Wednesday! Howl like a wookie for a dollar off your meal!\""""  The guy behind the register looked down at my black tee emblazoned with a bold cartoon logo of yesteryear and exlaimed, \""""What's up Thundercat.  You hungry?\""""\n\nSold.\n\nI'm not one of Mary Jane's best boyfriends.  Oh I still think she's pretty hot.  She's just not the girl I turn to when I need some late night lovin.  So why would a fly guy who's not such a high guy be into a place with weed up in his face?\n\nSimple.  The staff are entertaining.  The food is good and not too expensive.  I enjoy watching pictures of presidents, aliens, and your mom (I swear, go check, third polaroid from the end!)  sharing a toke and a smile while my sandwich is being situated.\n\nCheba is always on my list when I'm looking for something to fulfill my late, but not too late night cravings.  Even so, I still prefer take away.  It's a fun place.. for about five minutes while my sandwich is getting made.  And then I'm ready to jet.\n\nI know I'm gonna jinx myself... but these guys have never fucked up my meal.  How cool is that?"""""""
"""Coup Des Tartes is a solid 4 stars with the potential of being 5 stars with a few menu updates.  After reading some of the Yelper reviews I was a bit perplexed about what to expect when a friend invited me to join him at Coup Des Tartes.  After h told me this is a BYO, pas de probleme ~ you can count me in!! \n\nFirst off, there are not enough fine dinning BYO places in Phoenix!  PLEASE HELP ME SPREAD THIS THROUGHOUT THE VALLEY!!  It's a \good time\"""" when you're able to bring your favorite wines with you to dine and not pay the restaurant's prices.  Especially when it's at a place that offers quality food and service at reasonable prices.  \nSure there is a \""""cork fee\"""", but I look at it this way ~ I would rather pay $9 for the \""""cork fee\"""" and $30 for a bottle of Chateau La Galiane Cabernet Sauvignon I can buy at Total Wine, which would cost $100 (plus) at any other fining dinning restaurant.  \nTheir food and drink pricing is very reasonable considering the quality and taste. This is where I think CDT has an opportunity to improve.  They have a limited menu and since they are a French restaurant, they should think about offering some of the more updated French dishes.  A stereotypical French meal is heavy in saturated fats; heavy creams and butter which are staples in many French dishes and what CDT offers is no different.  Think about offering some of the newer French style dishes that include crepes, more game meats and sea food dishes.\n\nAppetizer~ their delicious three onion Tart and it was excellent! (sweet and savory and decadent).  We also had the Mate Horn and the Mozzarella and Tomato Salad which was very good. \n\nEntrees~ the Filet Mignon, cooked mid-rare of course with sides of mashed potatoes and haricots verts.  I had their signature dish: the Lamb Shank.  It was extremely meaty, \""""fall off the bone\"""" tender. The couscous was very fresh and it had just the right amount of veggies and sauce to pull everything together.  \n\nDesert~ Pumpkin Tarte and fresh cup of French caf\u00e9.  It was also very good.  \n\nService~ exceptional.  They were extremely attentive and very friendly, but not too friendly if you know what I mean...  They brought us a wine decanter and an aerator without asking.  The place is very quaint with somewhat of a homely feel and yet very simple in d\u00e9cor. \n\nWine~ FANTASTIQUE!  Will plan to bring a second bottle next time!"""""""
Lodging - 4 Stars:\n\nI really enjoyed the historical background of the property and the rooms where each in their own one-story area (I was honestly expecting some high rise thing) and a small patio. Rooms were outfitted very nicely, they were fancy -- but not so outdone that you felt out of place. \n\nWent with a friend and the two sinks in the room were an excellent bonus. Each evening spent sitting outside, enjoying a bit of wine and the warm Arizona air. Beds were exquisite, rooms were quiet and just enough luxury to make you feel pampered without being overwhelmed by staff or extra charges for amenities.\n\nWe got a room close to the pool, and although a bit nippy in the evenings to go swimming -- it was a short shuffle away from the large hot tub which was excellent (except for the drunk couple that decided to turn it into their personal boudoir...)\n\nSpa - 3.5 Stars:\n\nI have mixed feelings about the spa. First issue was when I was trying to make my appointment and the front desk did not seem very knowledgeable about the services they offered (for skin types, etc.) Then, upon arriving we received a tour of the facilities which was not very personable and seemed so rehearsed. (Also, I think I can find the bathroom and the towels, and I also know how to open up a locker....the tour turned into 15 minutes of me not being able to be in the Jacuzzi.)\n\nIt seems that they schedule everyone at the same time for their services...because before I knew it the calm waiting room had turned into a packed holding cell for half the women of Scottsdale. One by one, they called the clients into their services...but it just felt a tad awkward. \n\nMy massage was EXCELLENT. The masseuse was extremely good, probably one of the best I've had and really enjoyed it. I'm not particularly shy, so it's easy for me to relax pretty quickly when getting a massage. Afterwards, had a facial and the Asthetician was also quite good -- my face was glowing for two days afterwards. I REALLY appreciated that she didn't try to sell me on the products she used, which after a relaxing facial -- the last thing I was is you trying to hawk your $50 face cream in a tube the size of lip gloss.
A coffee shop is good when...\n\n1. they serve delicious caffeinated beverages \n2. they offer tasty treats to soothe your hunger pains\n3. they provide sufficient room to get work done. \n\nRoyal at the Market offers all three. The coffee is creamy, and full of a caffeinated kick which is the perfect boost to the day. I like iced coffee and enjoy their iced latte here. They have plenty of pastries to munch on and more important, the Downtown Public Market is just a step through a pair of doors. Finally, they have plenty of seating where it's easy to get work done. They have community tables as well as individual high tops. They also have a back room with seating as well.  \n\nBetween the Market and Royal at the Market, this is an ideal spot to visit for a beverage and to do some work and I like to visit as often as I can.
I love it! The diviest piece of crap hole in the wall, but they make the best food! The sweet and sour pork is actually chopped pork, with a heavy breading and cooked just right. So much better than the standard deep fried pork balls at other places. The egg rolls aren't actually wrapped, but they dip them batter and fry them without any wrapping. The soups are great, and the family dinners which come with soup, egg roll, and entree are a great value. The servers are pretty old chinese women that will not bend for anything... at all. We orderd a meal for two, and then asked to order a third one and she refused, saying they already started cooking it, and we would have to order another meal for two... odd. Also odd, is they have a birdcage with a fake cardinal in the center of the dining room. This is so far the best chinese I have found in Phoenix, a city that should be known for having no good chinese restaurants.
I'm actually taking off 1 star for all the anti-Obama stickers they had by the register. Sadly I do realize we have to put up with the uneducated from time to time but that was a bit much. \n\nOk, on to the food. This was the first time I have been to Capt Bills and did not have any idea of what to expect. I did check out the reviews on Yelp and they looked pretty good. I have driving by this place for years  and never stopped in so I figured why not. \n   When I first walked in I liked the look of the place. Lots of wood and it felt like an old school joint. I walked up to order and was greeted by a rather attractive young lady and thats always a good way to start things. I ordered the 10 inch Italian and 2 10 inch pastrami subs. Price was not to bad overall. The Italian sub is dirt damn cheap for what you get. I did order to go so I picked it up and went on home to try out this new (to me) place. \n   I took a bite of the Italian first and was amazed at how good it was. Lots of flavor with a nice fresh taste. Excellent bread with good cheese. This is a winner in my book. I will be back for the Italian. \n    I then reached over and took a bite of the pastrami and again was shocked at how good it was. This is not the type of pastrami you find at places like Chompies but a bit more like lunch meat. It was however very good with no gristle at all. Great flavor and very good cheese. Another winner for me. I am now starting to think about trying more and more of what Capt Bills has to offer. \n    All in all Capt Bills gets high marks for the food but a big negative for the political B.S. on the walls. I will be back for the food but I will never start a chat about politics in this place.
This place shares with a Circle K.\nHate to say it, but get your 44oz. drink in Circle K for 86 cents to go with your chicken.\n\nBut I'm here just to deliver my Inside Skinny:\nTuesday has a leg n thigh for 99 CENTS, mild or spicy!\nIf you've had issues with freshness, go on a Tuesday, everyone knows about this deal and they're making lots of chicken all the time. LOAD UP!!! I get 5 orders and make it last a few days.\n\nMY PIG-OUT STUNT:\nTake the layer of skin from the top of a thigh and place on a plate crunchy side down, then peel off a chunk of chicken from the piece and place it on top of the skin. Apply a really generous amount of Frank's Red Hot or Trappey's Red Devil cayenne sauce. Fold skin like a taco and shove the whole thing in your mouth!!!!\n\nNo one can top this deal.\nChurch's tried but they just couldn't hang.\nSometimes the Popeye's thighs are a little small, but hey for 99 cents, what a deal!\nAttire: Formal (Jacket Required)\nHAHAHAHA!!! I just had to.
Overall great experience... Everyone seemed to keep an eye on their pooch but the amount of dogs humping each other was not to my taste.... I would come back... The park is very large, almost too large.... My dogs like to roam but the amount of people and dogs their was almost overwhelming.... They loved it but I was a bit worried someone might leave with my very trusting dogs.... And the 15 or so little dogs yapping and running back and forth was obnoxious.... But it was still a good evening....
I was a dim sum virgin until yesterday!  My wonderful wife Audrey W was there to share my experience with me as were Dottsy Z, Donald S, Marian and Kevin H.  And Dottsy has pictures too!  And wow did I get off cheap!  \n\nThe best dim sum I have ever had!  Honestly, the only dim sum I have ever had!  I'm so glad I had other yelpers that were experienced to share it with and help me enjoy the first time!\n\nSeriously, Phoenix Palace has really good dim sum.  I enjoyed nearly everything I tried, there was tremendous variety and high quality through and through.  I was not quite as adventurous as some of the more experienced folks at the table.  I did pass on a dish that featured tripe.  Sorry.  Maybe I wasn't ready to go all the way.\n\nThe review trend has risen over the last few months.  I think I heard there was a change in ownership or management or possibly a new chef.  Or all of the above.  I don't know but it was good.\n\nFor 6 people and loads of food the total was just under $70.  Unreal.\n\nGreat lunch spot for dim sumderful variety and a total bargain.  Phoenix Palace is in the same parking lot as Lee Lee Oriental Supermarket so you can fill up on dim sum before you do your shopping.  Then you'll spend less when you go shopping.  Never go shopping hungry.
I cannot pass up the opportunity to take the FTR (First To Review) on Chef Aaron May's latest creation... \n\nI stopped by for a drink during their grand opening celebration last night.  While I arrived too late to sample the food, those around me said it was fabulous... \n\nThe place was packed but I think that is just because it was the grand opening... Located right on Main Street in Old Town, I can see this place being a perfect spot to grab a drink or a light bite after work, or as a more laid back place to go with a small group of people on a weekend night.  Aaron did a fabulous job with the decor.  I will return soon and update my review then... but I encourage anyone seeking a new hot spot in Old Town to go check out Mabel's On Main!
Had a much better visit then 1 year prior.  My Order was ToGo.  The A la carte Taco's were generous on the meat and flavor.  Especialy the Tripa and Pastor.  The Carne asada was my least favorite.   The Chile Rellano was very nice.  The  Bakery Items that I enjoyed were the Bread Pudding, not the american style but a buttery Bar/Cake style and the sweet Potatoe filled Empanada which was a sweat soft  bread filled with autumn flavored sweet potatoes.  I will return for the Tripas Taco, Chille Rellano and the Bread pudding without a doubt.   The prices are very reasonable and there is plenty of parking in this Market style Order and wait business.  Do not go if you looking for a Nueva taco bistro or fancy setting.
I went here last night with the BF to use a Groupon I had bought. I really had wanted to go to Sens back in the day, but once we moved right across the street from it, they went out of business...sad times. Anyway, this was the first time we made it out to Sochu house. The place reminds me of a club turned restaurant...the decor is very dance club. We sat in the dining room, but the bar looked a bit cooler. At the suggestion of our (awesome) server, we had mostly tapas. We started with the potstickers, which we both thought were just ok. Then we got the orange puffs...very good. Lightly fried chicken with a sweet and spicy orange sauce over some tasty cabbage slaw. We then had the soup dumplings....Oh. Em. Gee. These were awesome! I haven't found dumplings like this anywhere else in Phoenix. They are salty and savory and delicious. So good, we ordered a second plate. We finished up with the red curry. This is supposedly the spiciest thing on the menu, but I didn't find it that spicy. It really was kind of a just okay curry. Could have been a tad bit thicker and had a little more flavor. I would definitely come back, however, for those delicious soup dumplings....I have actually been thinking about them all day. Also, they have some great specials like any 4 tapas for 20$ on Tuesdays and date night specials on Thursdays....Definitely will be back.
A tale of 2 Phoenix AZ stories:\n\nPrior to Dec. 2010:\n\n'hey heather, have you ever been to phoenix before?'\n\nyeah i have long ago...all i remember was being in a motel with my dad scared to death while he watched pet cemetery. i was under the covers with my ears plugged and yet he continued watching it (wth dad?). i was probably 7 or 8.\n\n'but what else did you do?'\n\nno clue..thats the only memory ive retained O_o\n\n(this has been my answer for years)\n\n---\n\nAfter Dec. 2010:\n\n'hey heather, have you ever been to phoenix before?'\n\nyep! had a lovely time being shown around by my awesome guy...he took me up to the Compass Room where I got a panoramic view of the entire city during a full yellow moon.  It was really special :) And though more gushy a story than (previously) comical...I'm happy I now have this answer to share\n\n---\n\nAs a visitor to Phoenix, places like the Compass Room really shine to me. Beautiful, classy, iconic...this is a place to go for special occasions. Where *every* table is a good table to have a fantastic view of the entire city skyline while you slowly rotate around with good company. There are little plaques telling you what you are viewing throughout the time, which is neat.\n\nWe came around 9pm on week night during the holidays so it was fairly quiet and slightly atypical in social atmosphere, I imagine. Just for a glass of wine and a shared dessert - Bread Pudding (delicious). We were well taken care of by our professional and friendly server and had a lovely time.
Decided to pop in and get takeout for lunch today and holy cow, I'm blown away. Now I will say that the actual restaurant seemed cold and unfinished, but the food was killer! They were out of a few of the sides, but at the end of the day my meal was spectacular!!!! I went with the brisket sandwich with a side of seasonal vegetables. Now these weren't any regular vegetables, they actually cooked them in the smoker!! It was zucchini, mushrooms and peppers. Super great, perfectly cooked! My brisket sandwich was one of, if not, the best BBQ sandwich I've ever had period! The bark on the brisket was spectacular, nice spicy dry rub on the meat. The brisket itself was super tender and had that killer beef flavor you expect from a slow cooked brisket. The bbq sauce was a bit strange, but was pretty good. The sandwich didn't need it at all, super killer sandwich. Overall there were some minor things I'd change but hey, they're a new restaurant!!! Killer BBQ spot on Central Phoenix. Way to go guys!!! (now go put up some decorations will ya?)
Iowa Cafe is one of those places I always saw and wished to stop but never did. Someone from our church had told us that it had reopened under new management and in a different location. Then, we heard other friends talk about it and said that it was good with a down-home feeling. Well, one Sunday after church my whole family decided to go there for lunch. We all liked it!!\n\nMy husband ordered the meat loaf and he said that it remainded him of back home (Ohio) so I guess that's good. The food option in the kids menu is good and super affordable. I ordered a small traditional breakfast with bacon and country potatoes that was good but also ordered  a cinnamon roll to share with everybody that it was amazing!! Just make sure you ask for it to nice and warm. \n\nOverall, our first experience there has been nice. Service is great and super friendly!! We're definitely going back!!
"""Fattoush (pronounced \Fuh-too-shh\"""") is essentially one of those hole in the wall, ethnic mom-and-pop dives people always yearn for when craving something a little more authentic. After several consistent recommendations from friends, well, I finally gave in to pressure.\n\nFirst off, it is not in a \""""sketchy location,\"""" really. No more \""""sketchy\"""" than many pockets throughout central Phoenix. So it's not Chandler or Surprise? Get over it. I rather relish any hints of urban grit. It's called living in a real city.\n\nThe interior is unremarkable, there is no atmosphere, however, it's clean. After seating yourself, someone brings you a menu. After eating at Fattoush on just a few repeat occasions, you will quickly become familiar with everyone who works there, and who knows, ended up addressing many of them on a first-name basis.\n\nMinus the few noticeable, more Mediterranean and pedestrian items (read: the Greek salad), Fattoush, for the most part, serves noticeably authentic food. In fact, it's probably one of the most genuine Middle-Eastern establishments you'll find in Phoenix. From their baba ghanoush and falafel to their tabouli and lamb kebabs, the food tastes fresh, and frankly, like it should.\n\nNothing on the menu is priced unreasonably. In fact, it's fairly cheap. Serving such good food, I'd be willing to pay a lot more. The service is never overbearing. If you go expecting someone to be circling your table every few minutes, asking if everything is alright, if you wanted another drink, etc., you will be disappointed. This is not Pita Jungle or the Cheesecake Factory, and, thank god for that.\n\nI probably eat there now two or three times a month, and it's consistency comforting. If you truly love Middle Eastern food beyond hummus and lentil soup, you will truly love Fattoush. It would be worth a visit. \n\nI am truly glad I discovered it."""""""
I was on a savage hunt for some yogurt and was determined to find the perfect spot to satisfy my craving... you know when you're craving something in particular and even though you really want it you become super picky?? yeah that was me.. we must have drove by 5 yogurt spots and i was being a brat and could not make up my mind which place i wanted to go into. When we drove past this place i was intrigued by the design  and decorations. It has a old 50 classic diner feel to it which i thought was cute. Even all  the employees were in their dorky little outfits/hats.\n\nwhat is frozen custard you ask??? It is better than ice cream... it is freakin delicious! toppings are endless.. Everything from sprinkles to cap'n crunch! I got the lemon flavored custard mixed with coconut, graham crackers and butter toffee nuts.. shit was the BOMB! so effin'' good.. better than i could have though.. \n\nYou can get large pint sizes to take home... they also serve hamburgers, sandwiches, strawberry shortcakes, root bear floats, French fries ..you get the idea.\n\nJust did dessert this time.. but i will be back Nielsen's..oh yes i will be back.
My friend and I went here after a day of spring training baseball and we were indecisive on where to eat.  This was close to where we were staying and looked nice with good reviews.  Wow, I really enjoyed this place!  The service was friendly, and quite a good menu.  I decided on a pizza with meatballs on it and my friend got the pasta puglia and we shared.  The pasta puglia was AMAZING!!!  So fresh and tasty; but we got it on spagettini instead of the fusilli.  I really enjoyed the pizza too!  Good crust, not too think and the meatballs were not dried out from the oven; the garlic was a great touch!  The bread you get to start is also quite good!\n\nI would definately return!
Okay, the drive through is never really quick but the food is always hot nonetheless - which is why I guess the drive through is not quick!   I am willing to wait - the other day I was really hungry and on the road - grabbed 3 rolled tacos with guacamole - soooo YUM!  We go to  Taco Tuesday often and the carne asada taco, while not 99cents, is a worthy add-on - Cucumber Slices are a great snack while you are waiting for your number to be called.
When I lived in Phoenix, I used to frequent CB quite often as the food was reasonably priced, breakfast or lunch was always good and service was stellar. I also liked the store in front of the restaurant and would often find things to buy from seasonal items to collectibles (long ago it was Boyd's Bears) and they had good candy.\n\nWell, I have lived in the Bay Area for well over 8 years again and this was the first time I have been back to a Cracker Barrel. This time was for breakfast with my Mom and daughter. The service, as I remembered was fantastic, the menu huge but with things from reasonably sized to giant portions and all that in between. This was the first restaurant I can remember that asked me if I wanted my poached eggs soft, medium or hard (soft please) and the cheesy hashbrown casserole was still as good as I remembered. \n\nI will be back when I come back to town next and I can't wait!
I think I'm going to be biased when writing this, because the nostalgia and the atmosphere are what really keep me coming back again and again, despite the average food.\n\nI try to go here at least once a month on First Friday, since I park at Burton Barr. I remember going here with my dad when I was in 5th grade, and always wanting to sit in the train inside the restaurant, hah. But like i said above, the atmosphere is what they really exceed with, and atmosphere is one of the most important aspects of a restaurant, in my opinion. It's sporadically placed knick-knacks and odd furniture selection are all part of it's charm. \n\nThe food here is alright, and decently priced. Waiters are always friendly and you never have to wait more than 15 minutes for a table, even with large parties, because the place is so enormous. \n\nThe Old Spaghetti Factory is nothing novel or award-winning, but it's homey feeling is what attracts me more than anything else.
Best omelet ever.  The O'Pear Grenache omelet was incredible, I tasted my companions and was immediately regretting my choice of French Toast.  The French Toast was really good, but didn't compare to that omelet.\n\nThe service was incredible.  The place was absolutely packed, but my table of two never lacked for attention.  What we did lack was space!  The table we were at was TINY, our meals and drinks barely fit on the table. The restaurant itself is not large, it is actually quite cramped.  Don't go here if you are bothered by crowds and cramped quarters.  It's also quite loud on weekends, conversation was difficult.\n\nWe went on a Saturday around 10am.  We managed to get a table immediately, but it looked like most others had about a 15 minute wait.
"""so i've heard this place is \as good\"""" as bianco's....i wouldn't know because on principle alone, i absolutely, definitively REFUSE to stoke the ego and elitism of anyone req'ing me to wait 2 hours to eat their food. \n\nthe place is cute and has plenty of room to avoid a 2 hour wait....and the pizza was good. wood oven baked so it had that little burnt crispy edge. we had the mahhhhgahhhhrita pizza and it was enough to stave our pizza crave. and then we indulged in their version of the desert pizza cookie. although quite bigger than oregano's, it wasn't as sweet, but altogether still tasty! \n\nfor our pizza, half the desert, a glass of wine....20 bucks for 2 people!"""""""
"""Venti is Large. Grande is Medium. Tall is Small? Confused? You don't need a conversion chart to order a beverage at Unlimited Coffee. \n\nI am greeted upon entering with a friendly hello. After issuing my personal litmus test for any new coffee place I try out: the Americano, I am asked for my punch card. \Punch... card?\"""" I ask quizzically. I explain that this is my first visit to their fine establishment. Buy 10 and get 1 free.  At first I was hesitant to try a coffee place not adorned by a topless half-fish/half-woman person but now, I see that they have something that that other place doesn't offer. Customer loyalty apparently has a reward in this universe! I order the largest Americano they serve (a \""""large\"""" they call it) and eventually it cools to less than 200 degrees, allowing me to finally enjoy it without risk of 3rd degree face burns. The coffee is flavorful and rich and I finish it quickly. Other items on the menu include your standard lattes and mochas, but another item not on that other place's menu: gelato. I decide to reserve that treat for a future visit. \n\nThe atmosphere is not unlike that of your friendly neighborhood Pizza Hut. I don't mean this negatively. I mean... who doesn't love place mats you can color?? Yet, there seems to be the lingering vibe that this building used to be a part of said pizza conglomerate. There is a large, rectangular table in the middle of the shop surrounded by tables and the occasional love seat. The only thing I find fault with is their choice of chairs around some of the tables. They are plastic and not unlike something you'd find in Cousin Eddie's backyard. If you can secure an upholstered seat, then this becomes a non-issue. \n\nFor those of you with portable computer machines (a \""""laptop\"""" is what they call it) you can surf the 'net with ease. Power supplies dangle from the ceiling precariously (a la Tom Cruise in the first \""""Mission: Impossible\"""" film) allowing you to pretty much jack in to the matrix from any seat without fear of your \""""laptop\"""" dying.\n\nWith a very friendly staff, wifi and outdoor furniture on the inside, Unlimited Coffee is definitely a welcome change from that other coffee monster. Oh, and I can't forget to try the gelato next time."""""""
Scratch Pastries is one of the best place to get sandwiches. I love their Smoked Duck Breast w/ Walnut, moist and tender with the crunchiness from walnuts.  While salads in general are not high on my list, I really like their salad that comes with the sandwiches.  The dressing is really good and perfect for the salad.  Don't forget to try the Chicken Breast w/ Dijon Mustard Mayo & Italian Ham w/ Aged Comte Cheese sandwiches too.  \n\nI forsee myself coming back to this place everytime I have a hankering for a good sandwich.
Peeps, let's get real for a second:  when I go thrifting, I absolutely hate how dirty some places can be.  This place is like a beautiful, sparkling gem. I mean, reallllllly clean!  Off to a great start, if I do say.\n\nThe ladies working that day were all very nice and helpful, as I had several questions and needed to use the toilet.  Clothing is nicely arranged, and all items and pretty easily accessible.  The day that I shopped there, all blue tag items were a whopping dollar!  Score.\n\nWhile I didn't find anything on my first trip, I am happy to say I will be heading there soon to try and find a glorious Christmas/Hanukka/Kwanzaa/other this-time-of-year-holiday sweater.  \n\nSee you soon, Flo!
The customer service is great! they have a gym and pool that opens at 6am and closes at 11pm. They provide a complimentary continental breakfast for guests and also have a full service kitchen. they have a living area with a huge flat screen to watch games and a full bar across the way. oh, and cant forget the internet cafe area. They also have a bell hop to handle your luggage in and out of your car. \n\nthe rooms are queen size beds and have patios. i love it! \n\nalso, great tip AAA discount 15%..
Sushi Brokers is a great place for happy hour.  Myself and my friends always find ourselves here.  They have TV's in every direction to watch whatever game is on and great contemporary music keeping the place exciting.  You definitely want to make sure you get here as early as possible, because the seats fill up quickly.\n\nThe nice thing about their happy hour menu is just about every roll is on it.  You get a solid selection to choose from ranging from $4 to like $16.  \n\nThe Lollipop Roll  is by far my favorite.  Its assorted fresh fish, shrimp, avocado, and spicy krab mix rolled in cucumber and topped with masago, siracha and ponzu! MMMM  It's fun because each piece actually comes on a stick so you can eat it like a lollipop.  It's a great summer roll, both refreshing and spicy at the same time.
i think that locally-sourced, organic food done simply speaks for itself. add a charming host, an open kitchen and a welcoming atmosphere and you have a winning combination!   \n\nmy experience with FnB began with the message i received to confirm my dinner reservation.  pavle, the owner and our host for the evening, made me feel as if i'd called my uncle to say i was coming to dinner and he couldn't be more delighted!  when we arrived at the restaurant, our warm greeting from both him and his wife emily, continued the personal touch that set the tone for our experience at FnB.\n\ni am by no means a wine conniseur, but my dining partner was quick to point out that - although all the wines are locally sourced - they were all blended.  pavle let us know that they are introducing a varietal to the selection this week.\n\nmy favorites were the slivered fennel and the grilled lamb tenderloin.  however, i'm sure i could try anything on the menu without being dissappointed.  unfortunately, i was too full for dessert, but that will give me an excuse to go back!
The food, service and ambience were great.  The only bad part about it was the noise.  It was loud on a Saturday night.  The menu has many great choices.  I'd like to return to try some other things.  The bruschetta options were terrific, including fig, prosciutto, and caprese.  I had the Saturday night special which was the chicken pot pie.  It was a terrific meal with great vegetables, crust and meat.  Sean, our server, was really a great host.  The music was fun, but a little on the loud side.
I get into these wild food moods where Ill wake up and have a craving for something, its usually pretty specific, this particular morning it was corned beef. Sounds crazy but once I get it in my head I wont be satisfied until I give into my cravings. I wasn't hungry though for just any corned beef, it had to be Boar's Head brand, aside from a few grocery stores the only place you can get Boar's Head is a good delicatessen. I knew just where to go, Scott's!\n\nSituated between an Ace Hardware and a Basha's, this seems hardly the spot for a tasty sandwich. Let me tell you, they serve up massive tasty sandwiches with thick piled meat on your choice of bread and they have choices. Feeling helpless and at complete mercy to my urges I ordered Scott's Perfect Reuben-Reuben ($11.50). So tall you cant get your mouth around it, its stuffed with corned beef, swiss cheese and sauerkraut then grilled to a crispy buttery goodness.\n\nWhen the server set my sandwich in front of me my eyes widened, it was a thing of beauty and desire. As I managed my sandwich for the first bite, I felt the wafts of hot corned beef beckoning, eat me, eat me. Enjoying bite after satisfying bite, my morning craving was quickly becoming fulfilled like an ancient prophecy. Ordering a side of Russian dressing to dunk my fries into may sound slightly odd but after one dip I think you'll agree, its perfectly natural.\n\nFor the health conscious who are rolling their eyes at my delicious choices, Scott's does offer lighter fare such as salads, soup and half sandwiches. However, I for one don't go to Scott's to eat light, I go to Scott's eat well.
Liquor? Good!\n\nIce cream? Better!\n\nLiquor and ice cream TOGETHER? THE BEST!\n\nMy hubby, cousin and I were in the middle of our road trip and were on our way out of Scottsdale to get to New Mexico. But when I saw this place pop up on my Yelp app, we made a U-turn from getting onto the freeway.\n\nThis store is located in a really nice and cute part of town. I could totally spend my afternoons walking around.\n\nI tried pretty much all the flavors there. Vodka Orange Cream was one of my favorites. It totally tastes like an orange creamsicle with a kick of vodka. My absolute favorite was Long Island Butterscotch. It was super strong like a real Long Island. It was just enough to get the flavor. And it was accompanied by little nuggets of butterscotch goodness. \n\nThere are only about 15 - 20 alcoholic and non-alcoholic flavors out at a time, but the owner (who is a friendly lady) has tons of flavors that cycle. You can see the complete list of flavors on their website. \n\nBy the way, make sure you have your ID! Or else you'll be stuck with the kiddie flavors. The non-alcoholic flavors are good, but just not as fun. =) This place is a perfect finish to a night out with your friends!
"""OK, I'm adding a star to PastaBar because the food deserves it.  That and the \Jack on Mulberry Street\"""" cocktail - very tasty.  So, I've figured out what didn't strike me initially about PB.  It's not so much the art as the whole decor.  It's not bad.  It''s just not as put together as I'd hoped for a downtown local.  It's fine really, just not my style.  The food on the other hand is sublime; inventive and flavorful.  The portions are absolutely fair as is the price.  Now if I can just get them to lower the price of that great cocktail!"""""""
As promised in my initial review for Primp and Blow, I returned... and this time took advantage of more services too!\n\nSince today is my birthday, I wanted to pamper myself just a bit.  I spent my lunch hour at P and B getting a brow/lip wax from Kai and a blowout from Liz.  Wow - what a difference that makes - I feel so much better now!  Both ladies did an excellent job and were a pleasure to chat with during my pampering.\n\nIn addition, there's currently a check-in offer on Yelp where you just have to share your Yelp check-in and you get a free Rain Cosmetics gift valued at $30.  It's a limited edition collection that includes an eye pencil, lip gloss, bronzer, mascara, and make-up remover wipe.  I'm not normally so excited about freebies, but this is a great one!\n\nI ended up purchasing a hair product as well (it's my birthday - why not?!) -- excited to use it at home!\n\nSo, I'm two for two with my visits here... adult pigtails? check! wash and blow out? check! wax? check! great products and service? check!  I'm indeed a fan!
Good selection of beer.  Not as seasonal as I would have expected, but fun nonetheless.  (Also, they need to get some sours!)  Great way to taste some brews before you stop by the specialty shop and spend $10-20 on a bottle.  Food is very very good - but make no mistake, this is an alehouse, not a restaurant, so the menu is small.  Also, the menu is for foodsies, so if you're more of a burger and fries kind of person, eat before you come.  If you love creative dishes with ingredients like prosciutto or chorizo, you'll like eating here.  Will be back many times, I'm sure.
"""First of all, if you are going to have dim sum, go early during the weekend because that is when the quality and freshness are best. Also go in a large group so that the bill is less for everyone. I have been here a few times on Sunday mornings around 10 am and never have to worry about waiting for a table. They have a decent selection of dim sum dished. My usual's are the \footballs\"""", the Hau gau, and the taro cakes, all of which are decent. If you wait long enough, you might be able to get your hands on the coconut pastries called \""""snow balls\"""" which are very enjoyable. In a hungry group of 4, you can expect to pay $20-25 total as a group and not want to eat anything for the next 6-12 hours."""""""
"""I admit Im not really a fan of the college bar scene in Tempe.. but enroute to the ASU/USC game last weekend.. my boyfriend said we should get our brew suds on before hitting the stadium.. little did I realize that I like beer (just one icy one!) while watching the Sundevils take on my home states school... (maybe thats to ward off the smack talkers of those from AZ around me! \University of Spoiled Children\"""".. 'they are all spoiled beach yuppies!'... WHAT????) but my own Sundevil says there isnt a beer to be had inside the stadium.. This place was actually alot of fun... packed to the walls with , none other than big old loud frat boys.. and cute sorority girls.. The servers still remained friendly and swift.. amongst the crowd.. Daves Electric Beer was icy and hit the spot.. game on!"""""""
"""One can say an \ariline\"""" is \""""an airline\""""...this may be true however Southwest gets my attention everytime\n\nAnd here's why\n\n1) they are people movers. They have attendants walking the checkin areas to make sure you are on time and if not, they will move you up the line so you don't miss your flight. Now then, moving you up the ladder and not intefering with other passengers? Unbelieveable. They have a separate counter to deal with the late ones.\n\n2) 2 bags checked in free. What ariline does that these days\n\n3) At the gate, your boarding pass is coded to board by zones. Prevents the unorderly stampede of folks trying to get a good seat on the plane\n\n4) In flight? Attendants with humor. I've always had chuckles listening to the attendants as they annouce the comings and goings\n\nThese are just a few of their good points; solid though. Now if they upgrade their fleet, I might give them an extra star!"""""""
Heres the deal...this place really isn't that bad...definitely not worthy of one star.\n\nOur room..or condo sized apartment type thing was enormous and very clean.  There were no hairs on the bed or showers like others had seen. The kitchen was loaded with utensils/pots/pans..very awesome. The walls were pretty thin though..and we were able to hear a crying baby at ungodly hours of the morning. So that was a bummer but that only happened once in our 5 day stay.\n\nThe kids pool was actually the biggest pool I have ever seen in my life..It was also very clean and never had more than 5 people hanging out at one time. The adult pool area was much smaller and felt more like a bar area with a hot tub..also cool but we were looking for a good swim. \n\nThe tennis court was a plus.\n\nThe staff was very helpful and friendly...no attitudes or snootyness. \n\nThey do offer free wireless in the lobby.  It worked great.  If you want internet in your room..its $5 for 24 hours.  We didn't even bother with that though. \n\nThis is definitely the kind of resort where you are cooking your own meals  and cleaning your own sheets. There is no restaurant or lounge...but there are tons of restaurants and stores nearby. \n\nWe were very relaxed here and felt well taken care of. Its really not as bad as others made it out to be.
Used a Groupon coupon today for a gel manicure and spa pedicure.  My Groupon clearly stated work would be completed by a student as well as numerous signs within the establishment indicated the same.  This was clearly a teaching facility, which was no problem for me.  The area was clean and within an older building with equipment geared for teaching.  Don't expect a North Scottsdale atmosphere, this is a teaching facility.  All students were well groomed and very pleasant.  An instructor oversaw all work completed by the students, checking in frequently during the course of my visit.  My technician, Lin, did an excellent job and completed both mani & pedi within 75 mins.  There was more than ample selection of polish, both gel and regular.  I found only a handful (less than five) of bottles at half full.  I received a scrub type massage as well as a lotion massage to both hands and feet.  I would certainly recommend this establishment and I have scheduled an appointment on 9/5 to use my remaining Groupon.  My experience was better than expected from a teaching facility.
"""\Natural cut\"""" french fries are worth the visit - there's a heap of potatoes under the cutter and after you order then put one through the cutter and into the frier, and they come out piping hot and full of actual potato flavor.  So simple, I know, but so much better than just about any other place that serves french fries.\n\nSonoran root beer is available here, and you have to love a place that has a separate dedicated tap for root beer on draft.\n\nService was incredibly warm and friendly, and the atmosphere was upbeat and very, very clean.  \n\nGrilled cheese was fairly good, and the onion rings and fried 'shrooms are next on my \""""to try\"""" list for this place.  \n\nOnly minor complaint is that you're ordering a la carte and the portions could be bigger in this case.  Right now, order your dog or grilled cheese and it's pretty much \""""add a fries and drink for $4\"""" which you rarely see for just a small side of fries and drink that are paired with a main course lunch entree.  A combo would be nice, or if you're going to pay a la carte prices then I think it ought to be a larger portion."""""""
This place manages to stay pretty under the radar even though it wins awards left and right in local publications.  The reason I would guess is because it is situated right in downtown Guadalupe.  If you are not sure what Guadalupe is, it is a small community  founded by Yaqui Indians that incorporated their own town right in the middle of Tempe and Phoenix.  The town is now mainly Native American and Hispanic and is about one square mile in size.\n\nThe Farmer's Market has an amazing assortment of super fresh produce and they even make their own honey.  Right inside the door you can see some live bees hard at work making the delicious varieties.  Because this market is in an area with a lot of Hispanic residents they carry a large selection of Peppers fresh and dried.  They get a lot of their produce from local farmers and offer some organic choices.\n\nI know some people who are intimidated about going here because they fear the neighborhood it is in is 'different' than their stucco and chicken wire Stepford neighborhoods,  but I have never had a problem going here day or night.\n\nOne thing to be cautious of is the fact that this town's speed limit is 25 MPH everywhere and you better observe it.  For one thing there are a lot of dogs and people crossing the street all over the place so the slow speed is safest for everyone.  Also, Guadalupe has their own police and they will not hesitate to pull you over because you think 25 is just too slow.
Free Wifi deserves a full four stars.  \n\nThe layout, shops and restaurant choices are not world-class, it's mid-range level, architecture is plain, but I can't complain: free WiFI!\n\nFree WiFi alleviated the frustration when United Airlines delayed my flight back to SFO, not once, but twice.  I insist to fly United Airlines due to the Star Alliance partners:  Lufthansa and Turkish Airlines - so I suffer.\n\nThe airport staff is friendly, restaurant and establishment folks provide a hospitable service with a warm smile and genuine heart.  I'm really impressed by the Southwestern hospitality, I am so loving it.\n\nAlthough I wish I was stranded in a European or cosmopolitan airport hub, free WiFi sufficed to keep me busy and productive.\n\nIn addition to not being a world-class airport, less one star because of the crowd - male species - I hate it when I get these pickup lines and eager smiles from men (who I have nothing in common with) who even think I'd respond - yuk.  If I was in Europe, I'd smile back, or elsewhere international - oh please - leave me be to work - don't block my sun!\n\nBut free WiFi captivates this geek's heart!\n\nDid I say, free WiFi - you just made my Southwest Friday afternoon.
This place is a great lounge. The place was very classy. Lots of seating both indoor and out. They have a variety of liquor. Lots of high-end brands. The drink prices are a little high, but normal for a place like this. \n\nThe music in the inside area was too loud to have a conversation without yelling. But, if you were sitting outside it would have been fine. The staff seemed friendly and helpful. \n\nThis would be a great place to go with friends for drinks if you wanted a more low-key, upscale place to hang out.
"""As a \dude,\"""" or \""""bro,\"""" or \""""filthy smelly rugby player\"""" I really shouldn't like this place. \n\nAnd yet my inner case of \""""fabulous\"""" loves Nordstrom Rack.\n\nMy girlfriend, I think it is safe to say, has a bit of a shopping problem. I think if it weren't for the fact that this place is on the opposite side of the sun from us here in Phoenix that she'd be in there every weekend. I should give it zero stars for the number of times I've been subjected to \""""honey, I need to go shopping.\"""" And don't get me wrong, the first couple of times I found somewhere to camp out on the floor and settled into a good pout.\n\nThen, I think on the third or so forced Bataan death march to Nordstroms by the shopping slave master general that I live with, I found myself off of my ass, putting my phone in my pocket, and walking around trying not to be seduced by Nordstrom's very reasonably priced wares. \n\nSo here's the short and sweet of it, if you're a dude/bro/dirt ball like myself, and you are lucky enough to have someone who likes you enough to take you out in public, you might as well enjoy yourself, maybe even let your significant other show you what to buy so you're socially acceptable when you meet her friends/family/co-workers/fellow dog nuts/colleagues/people she'll claim you as hers/his in front of them. Trust old Uncle Ian on this one guys, it will help you out down the road.\n\nAlso, if you're looking to score some bonus points, drop the look of loathing and remorse when you're here. I am just as guilty, if not more so, than you are. I know that look we all give each other when we're there, sort of that \""""please Baby Jeebus, kill me now\"""" look we give to one another as guys. A hint: you lady can see it, mine has told me as much. So even if you have to \""""fake it til you make it\"""" try to look up beat when looking at the 1,324,744th pair of shoes on discount. \n\nAnd now I have a lot of new clothes that don't make me look like I robbed a homeless male prostitute for my wardrobe, which I think is a good thing."""""""
I love this little pub. I love it for it's location / proximity to the ballpark and within walking distance to other establishments. I love this place for it's quaint-ness and the fact that as soon as you walk like 4 feet through the doorway, you can order a beverage. I love this place for the simple fact that it was one of the first bars/pubs I went to with friends when I first moved here (insert nostalgia). I love the beer selection (local brew on tap) + half off burger Mondays + $3 breakfasts after 10 on Sunday (also bloody marys and mimosas for the same price).\n\nMy only complaint is directed at myself for not being available to go to the Rose and Crown every Sunday morning!!
My greatest regret about Suite 301 is not checking it out on my first dozen benders through Mill Ave. Make sure you obey their silly dress code, or you're at least charming enough to be overlooked, and make your way up the staircase. Take note of the intervals between steps.\n\nYou'll probably have trouble walking back down. \n\nMy pals had no trouble dancing the night away. I'm more of a let's-get-drunk-and-observe-people kind of nerd, so naturally I went to the bar first. $5 pints are a steal when it's Saturday night and you can drink New Belgium Somersault like water. I didn't get mixed drinks, because fuck the mixed drinks when you've got this tap selection at this price in this cool of a club. \n\nSeveral pints deep, I wandered away to the patio. Not bad at all--you get another bar, groovy furniture, and an amazing view. Hell, you can light one up if you fancy a smoke. Suite 301 combines my desire for nice crowds, good drinks, atmosphere, and friendly staff. I like.
"""An update:  I was very impressed with the owner and his responsiveness to my post.  I am happy to say that they have lowered their Drop in Price to $15.00 - Whoo Hoo.  \n\nI also would like to prop out a teacher; Todd Schuler.  I tried his class for the first time last week and LOVED IT.  He really made it fun, lots of different jumps, worked the arms, great mix between speed and hills.  My only complaint is that he only teaches Tuesday and Thursday...would love to see him teach a weekend class.  I can guarantee when I can hit up T/T I will be a regular in his class. \sprinkle of some more\"""""""""""
I've had the privilege of flying into PHX on one blissful weekend to run the 2011 P.F. Chang Rock n Roll Arizona marathon. Finding that cheap airline ticket from HNL was the challenge in itself, but it was totally worth it. PHX is about a 10 minute drive from downtown Phoenix, so it wasn't too bad, although they also have a public transportation that's pretty noteworthy too. Using Delta Airlines as my prime carrier of choice, I connected through Salt Lake City, before boarding the small regional jet to PHX. There were some direct flights to PHX, but it was on US Airways, an airline I don't know much about, or do I really want to fly with anyways. I stick with what works and makes me happy.\n\nPHX itself is a regional airport, but is large enough to support a large flux of commuters and travelers getting into Phoenix and other destinations within the surrounding region or across the USA, if not farther than that. There is not much in the way of shopping here, unless you were to do the usual snacks, restaurants, and other pickups of souvenirs you want to snag at the airport before leaving for your final destination.  Getting in and out of this airport is similar to other sized airports, just go to follow the directional arrows to the baggage claim and pick up your luggage before heading to the rental car counter or shuttle, taxi cab area, or the waiting area for your friends and family. \n\nI definitely love PHX and the city of Phoenix and Tempe. Just like most airports, the ticketing area is very much together, unless mentioned otherwise. I do love the airline DIY kiosks, since I know I can do it myself without having to do much of anything. I normally just check in on my iPhone and print out the paper boarding pass at the airport. Sometimes, I should just use my iPhone app to go through security, just to save a little bit of time. Then again, I do like to keep those boarding pass mementos of 1st class seating, just because it's just an awesome feeling to be in 1st class rather than in economy. For now, economy works right now, since airline tickets are getting to be a pain. There is free wifi connectivity here at the airport, so that's a good thing when you need it. \n\nThe baggage claim area at PHX is smaller than I thought, but it's pretty good. The only problem would be that airport prices for food and amenities do cost an arm and a leg. That's the crappy part of the entire flying experience for me. While I know they have to make money somehow, try to find some other way to gauge the flying public, please! I know I shouldn't really grumble about it, but I'm blessed to be flying when all I am doing is running marathons in every state in the United States. I probably won't come back to PHX in the future. If I do, it will just be passing through to other destinations still undiscovered by me.\n\nFly away!\n\nB+
I was here over the labor day weekend with my livingsocial deal that I got a few months ago and my family and I had a great time! The rooms were nice, well maintained and friendly staff but the perk of this place was the waterpark in the resort which was so much fun. \n\nWe literally spent our entire first day at the resort at the waterpark which has a lazy pool, a wave pool, big fun kinda scary slides and a toddler pool. Fun fun fun for the whole family! On the second day, we had breakfast buffet at the lobby grill which they had a nice tasty selection of omelet station, french toast, cereal, pastries, yummy bacon, oatmeal and fruits. After breakfast, we hung out at one of the two pools in our hotel complex and then headed over to the waterpark where in the evening they had a movie to watch while still enjoying the pool amenities. How cool!\n\nThe wife also had a facial at their spa which she said was relaxing and worth every penny. \n\nThis is definitely a place to go with the family.
I always get the Stuffed Mushroom burger when I come here, beef and toppings always seems to be super fresh, and melted all gooey with jack cheese. Nice. Last time I came here it seemed a more greasy, but I give them the benefit of the doubt, it was just a 'miss' that one time. \n\nOrdered the Brewhouse Nachos once with a gf of mine and asked them to make it half chicken and half beef. This seriously messed them up and they brought out 2 Nacho platters, one beer, the other chicken. Outdoor patio had loud music that and we couldn't hear each other talk, we kept moving around tables outside to get a quieter spot, but we couldn't find any place to sit and talk without music blasting in our ears. Oh well, might as well try to finish the 2 large appetizers that they brought out! : / This review struggles between 3-4 stars.
Mmmmm...  garlic!\n\nA recent Sunday afternoon found us wandering around the Scottsdale Quarter.  It was around 3pm, and many of the restaurants were in the lull between lunch and dinner - a great opportunity to try the newest Grimaldi's location without a crowd.  \n\nIt is no secret that I am a fan of pizza.  While I am typically a 'pepperoni and mushroom' kind of girl, having visited the Grimaldi's DC Ranch location I knew exactly what to get - the White with Garlic pizza.  It is a simple sauceless combination of flavorful cheese and garlic.  Lots of garlic.  And that is a good thing.\n\nWe ordered the large, which proved to be much bigger than expected - it nearly covered the entire high-top bar table, making it interesting to juggle plates, pizza, wine (house Montepulciano) and water glasses.  Hey, there are worse problems to have!\n\nI look forward to enjoying more of that coal-fired garlicy goodness soon!
I've never had anything but my nails done here which is why I'm giving a 4 rather than 5 since I cannot personally speak on the other services. But Dex, who did my nails for about a year while I lived in town was AMAZING and deserves 5 stars!! She was always on time, kept my appointments, worked quickly and did a great job every time. My nails had never looked better! Wish I didn't move away...I still haven't found anyone as talented as her. Miss you Dex!
Ive driven past this place on the freeway about a million times and has always vowed that one day, i will try this place! \n\nand out of complete randomness.... it became my Saturday night dinner :) \n\nAs we park the car, we could already tell this place was packed! we walked in and there were parties waiting to be seated ... lucky for us... we were seated right away... I'm sure we deemed ugly hungry stares for it to... hey its not our fault their are only two of us.... \n\nright after we were seated our drink orders were taken by a very welcoming young gentleman. :) \nand out chips and salsa were brought out promptly too! \nThe Salsa was amazing... and the chips were fresh ... and hot!! that could have been my meal i was so content.... \n\nthis place has great lighting.... not to bright or too dull... just how i like it. \nin the middle of the place there was a huge area where they cooked all the food... or at least some of it... it looked like fun.... \n\nwe shared the beef Fajitas... they were amazing!! grilled on top of bell peppers and onions... red and white... mm served with rice, beans w/cheese, guacamole and a tray of salsa, sour cream and cheese... it was SO good and they brought out your tortillas in a little bowl with a cover to keep them warm.. but they tasted more like pita bread... either way everything was hot and fresh and out in a very timely fashion.. especially since this place was packed... \n\ni like this place alot... i would love to come back again and maybe sit near the chefs area :)
I guess Phoenix is Really tired of paying top dollar for groceries. Great intro prices if you can dodge the crowds, but it is open 24 hours so go Late! Reports seems to be saying that the prices will increase after a few months of pulling people in, so continue to check the ads. The produce was super cheap and the seafood department looked interesting. Not really into the bulk foods, but for Food Preppers it must be heaven. You need to bag your own orders and NO CREDIT CARDS ACCEPTED. They do take manufacturers coupons, but do not double them. As long as they keep the quality up, I think they will do great. \n\nAs a side note, they DO HAVE electric carts for disabled/elderly  people.
O. M. F'ing. Gee! \n\nIt was so good, and delivery was so fast...like faster than freaky fast...it was like Roadrunner fast...or Speedy Gonzales 'ANDALE ANDALE ARRIBA ARRIBA YEE HAW YEE HAW' rapido, or like 'Chip, I'm gonna come at you like a spider monkey!' fast...and just as quickly, it was gone.\n\nTo be honest, I don't even think the italian beef sandwich, drenched and then smothered in sweet and hot peppers with provolone cheese, even knew what hit it. One moment, it's all safe, warm & cozy in its pot, skillet, oven...wherever italian beef comes from, then BAM! it's whisked off on a whirlwind adventure, delivered and not even 10 minutes later swimming in tummy acid. Happy tummy acid. \n\nTo be frank (because I guess I already used 'To Be Honest'), I have enjoyed other tamales w/ chili and cheese a *skosh* better (not bad, but not the best ever), but the italian beef sandwich today has me hooked (plus they have pink lemonade AND deliver, and that ALWAYS makes working Tygers happy). \n\nLots of delicious sounding stuff on the menu, I'm looking forward to trying the chicago dog and the buffalo bleu fries. \n\nOne note to the delivery driver/to-go order specialists/management: \n\nWhen delivering a giant mess of a sandwich, make sure to also include napkins, fork and knife. Maybe even some of those moist towelettes they give to bbq revelers. While Clinton and Lewinski may think it's cute to have a little mess on a dress, the people I work with do not appreciate it. *\n\n*Just kidding, no dresses were harmed during the scarfing down of this meal.*
"""The \new\"""" Pho Bang opened today.I was on my way to Da Vang for my weekly pho fix and I thought I'd see what was going on over there.I had a love/hate relationship with the old Pho Bang;the pho was no good,but the \ncanh chua tom and tom bo nuong vi (grill -your-own shrimp and beef) were the best in town.The shabby decor and slow service didn't put me off,and the ladies there knew me because I was a semi-regular for many\nyears.\n  The new Pho Bang is totally re-done,floor to ceiling, and now is a very modern and pleasant dining environment.I ordered my usual pho tai bo\nvien with the raw beef on the side,and an order of goi cuon (spring rolls).\n The pho exceeded my expectation and ranks with my favorites in Metro\nPhoenix(Khai Hoan,Da Vang,Dragonfly).The broth was oily and beefy like\nDa Vang,and a bit \""""oniony\"""" like Maxim.Very flavorful and well balanced.\nThe tai was above-average in both quality and quantity.Leaner and more\nthinly sliced than Da Vang,it remimded me of Khai Hoan,sliced a bit thicker.Good meatballs too,like Little Saigon.The goi cuon was solid.\nGood size, no skimping on the shrimp and great peanut sauce.They\ndo use the poached pork,which isn't as tasty as the bbq'd pork in my\nfavorite spring rolls(Little Saigon,Khai Hoan,Dragonfly).They still hit the spot,though.\n  I'm only giving 4 stars because the jury is still out on the rest of my menu favorites,yet to be tried.Oh,one more thing...this place is Da Vang cheap!I And they open at 8:30am (hello,breakfast pho!).I was very impressed with the new Pho Bang and can't wait to go back.I hope my fellow Phoenix pho addicts will check it out!"""""""
This is a hard review to right.  Again, I wish Yelp had 1/2 stars because it this review would really be at 3.5 stars.  I have been to several gyms before (golds, 24 hr fitness, tangible) and the one thing I hated at all of them were the fact that they were always busy with people who seemed to have an intimidating aura.  This place isnt like that.  It is quite big and has pretty decent equipment.  I usually go workout with my trainer (Jesse) around 530 and we always are able to workout with no waiting for having to share machines.  They have a lane pool, jacuzzi and sauna rooms.  It kind of reminds me of the YMCA downtown Tucson.  The only problem that I have with the place is the smell in the men's locker room.  I dont know if it is because they are in the basement and the sewer pipes are old but man does it smell!  The membership is kinda pricey but it is close to my house so that saves on gas right?
This place is pretty amazing. I've been here a few times for breakfast (I have yet to try lunch) and get the white flannel hash or they're monkey cakes (I believe that's what they are called). \n\nIt is always delicious. It is usually not too crowded and I enjoy the atmosphere. They're coffee and drinks are pretty delicious too. \n\nI would have given this 5 stars, but the last time I went, the service was horrible. The few times I had been before, I had never gotten this. Perhaps they were short staffed.
"""Since moving back to Arizona from California 5 years ago, we've tried out many Chinese food restaurants in the valley.  This is one of the best that we've found so far.  \n\nThe decor is a bit tired with a little TOO teal walls.  In fact, when I eat there I find myself thinking of simple ways to update the interior to make the restaurant a bit more fresh and friendly.  Dark decor aside, the service is great, the food very tasty and the prices quite reasonable.\n\nMy husband and I often pick up take-out to eat at home and our favorites are the \Sauteed Happy Family\"""", \""""Crystal Shrimp\""""  and the \""""BBQ Sliced Pork\"""" appetizer.  The \""""Moo Shu Pork\"""" is also delicious and the PuPu Platter for 2 at $7.50 is a smokin' deal!\n\nThis spot is well worth a visit if you're in the mood for Chinese food."""""""
"""True Food Kitchen claims to not be a health-food restaurant, rather a place for great food that just so happens to be healthy. Whatever you want to call it, when you sit down, you'll be handed a card explaining nutrition guru Dr. Andrew Weil's food philosophies and explaining their ingredients and food items until you no longer have an appetite. However, give this place a chance - it's not all about health at the sacrifice of flavor. The decor perfectly highlights the culinary concept, with clean, modern lines, big open windows, and LOTS of green. Andrew's Elixir, one of their refresher drinks, was delightful. The best food item we had was the caramelized onion tart appetizer, with gorgonzola cheese, black figs, and caramelized onions on a crispy flat crust. It was the perfect balance of the sweet mild onions and sweet figs with savory cheese and light, crispy crust. Our server said this is the same crust as their pizzas, so next time I'd like to try those. Next, we had the edamame dumplings, which is basically steamed won tons filled with pureed edamame in a light miso broth. These were good, not great. For our entree, we ordered the black cod, but we had to send it back because it was so fishy (and undercooked). When I asked the server if the fish is fresh or fresh-frozen, he said, \Well, they're all fresh-frozen.\"""" Their fish entrees are $22, which seems inexpensive, but they're fairly small portions. For that kind of price in this type of restaurant, I would expect fresh fish. Perhaps the fresh-frozen fish is a cost-cutting measure in what seems to be the increasingly corporate Sam Fox empire. We went with the salmon instead, which was also undercooked but far less fishy. The roasted apples and pureed celery root were lovely, but the dish as a whole was a little overpowered by the mustard sauce, and the accompanying vegetables were weird. Prices overall are very reasonable, especially if you stick with appetizers, salads, pizzas, and sandwiches. True Food aims for the lofty goal of making great cuisine that just so happens to be extremely healthy, and occasionally misses the mark, but I give them credit for bringing Dr. Andrew Weil's philosophies on the importance of nutrition for the body and mind to the mainstream."""""""
"""Super-duper cool addition to the Biltmore!\n\nMost vendors appear to take credit cards. Pretty spendy, as one might expect, but there are some gems to be had (fairly affordable jewelry at at least one vendor.  Other than jewelry, this is a great place to get consumable gifts (candles, beauty products, foodstuffs and the like).  \n\nNot so great for the kiddos - some vendor \booths\"""" are TEENY and super cramped.  In fact, I had to make several rounds of Union as entire booths were filled up with 2 or 3 folks and I didn't want to push past.\n\nBottom line -- I'll definitely be back, but mostly to window-shop or add things to my Christmas list."""""""
"""Boy was not as impressed as I but I thought it was good and worth mentioning. \n\nWe went for restaurant week, which I have learned can either be good or bad. (During one restaurant week several years ago I was served overcooked chicken on what could only have been canned peas and corn-we never went back for the regular menu) I was impressed by Lon's.\n\nAmbiance: Excellent although next time we will request a patio seat. If it isn't 100 degrees outside, I suggest you do the same. \n\nStaff was excellent. Our server was introduced to us as \Frenchie.\"""" We immediately found out why. She was thorough and thoughtful with her recommendations.\n\nFood: Now here is where it gets complicated. I had the chilled pea soup and I thought it was really great. Flavor was good, ingredients and style were all appropriate for the weather. The roasted chicken was my next course and  thought this was great too. Overall, excellent food until I tried the boy's calamari- not so much. I know many people appreciate large portions but the law of diminishing returns applies to one's appetite as well. The calamari was large, deep fried and piled high. Bloated and uncomfortable after consuming large quantities of fried food, he wasn't even slightly hungry after he finished the first course. Now, I know, he could have stopped eating the on his own. I agree. he made a personal choice to eat the fried but I think there has to be some portion planning on the chef's part as well or at least a warning \""""Caution: you will not be interested in any other food item after consumption of the calamari\"""". Needless to say he was not impressed at all with his second course, the hanger steak. \n\nWine: lots of options- very pleased."""""""
"""My husband and I decided to visit the Joya Spa for Spa Week this year, and are we ever glad we did.  This place is an absolute dream!  \n\nUnfortunately, we were running late for our appointment, due to unforeseen construction on the roads, and I was STRESSED. However, whatever stress I had bottled up inside of me instantly disappeared once we stepped inside the Joya. The staff was extremely accommodating, and explained they just learned about the traffic delay earlier that morning, and all appointment times would be honored for the full length of the service.  Normally, spas will deduct time off your treatment to keep on schedule if you're late, so I was very happy to hear this.  Five minutes after checking in, I whipped my clothes off, threw them (literally) into a locker, and dashed out to my couples massage. \n\nWe were in a large suite off the terrace, and were immediately set at ease wtih a spritz of their signature scent at the spa to invigorate our senses.  Our massage therapists were wonderful.  They were extremely attentive, and sensitive to the pressure they were applying. By the time it was over, my husband had to pry me off the table because I didn't want to move.  I was officially jello.  This was by far, one of the best massages I've had in a long time.  Upon leaving the treatment room, we were greeted with glasses of champagne to wish us a happy anniversary.  I had casually mentioned this to the designer on the phone when I booked the appointments, so I was extremely impressed with their attention to detail.  \n\nThey led us to the co-ed lounge, which looked more like a Moroccan hideaway.  The lounge was incredibly relaxing that it almost put me to sleep, which wouldn't have been a bad thing considering the state I was in. \n\nAfter having a little alone time to bask in our new centered states, we decided to hang pool side.  \Wow\"""" is all I can say!  You walk out to this picturesque view of the mountain--truly a divine oasis.  My one qualm with the pool area, was its size.  There were definitely not enough seats for the amount of clientele they had on site that day, and you could tell people were getting frustrated.  Also, we ordered some spa fare poolside, and for two salads, a forty dollar bill was a bit much.  But, hey, we're at a resort in Paradise Valley, so what did we expect?!?\n\nWe finished off our day with a quick workout, dunk in the whirlpool, and sweating out the toxins in the steam room and sauna.  I even tried the cold deluge, which is basically is a cold shower.  Even after the steam rooms, its still freezing, but helps bring your body temperature down pretty quickly.\n\nOverall, my experience was magnificent. The staff was very pleasant, helpful, and prompt.  There was always an abundance of fresh towels, all rooms, showers, and lockers were turned over and cleaned quickly, and water/ice tea and fruit spreads were always stocked and fresh.  My husband and I couldn't have asked for a better experience. We will DEFINITELY be returning!"""""""
I have never had REAL ramen until I came here. I had been raised thinking ramen was just noodles in a package that you boil for 3 minutes and add the contents of a silver packet (predominately made of sodium), and voil\u00e0! \n\nThis place is fantastic delicious offering ramen, udon and rice dishes with fresh ingredients for about 6.50 an item. The servings are absolutely huge, but fantastic.  \n\nMy boyfriend and I tried this place out on a Saturday night a few weeks ago. It was quiet inside, but the cashier explained they just finished with their dinner rush.\n\nI ordered the miso ramen and my boyfriend got the curry rice with a side order of goyoza. There were three goyoza to an order, and to be honest, they were small for the price.  The miso ramen and the curry rice were both very good. \n\nWe went there a week later (due to a hankering of mine) and decided to share a bowl of the republic ramen along with edamame and veggie tempura. All of it was delish. \n\nThe only downside to the restaurant is that it smells like a grease fryer.  When we left, our clothes stank like grease.   \n\nOther than the smell of grease, the place is fantastic.
"""I have frequented Rula Bula for a few years now and it is hard to pin point just one thing that keeps me coming back.  The food is great as is the service and I love the authentic feel of this Irish pub with it's odd ball, mismatched tables and Guinness decor.  \n\nI typically order the corned beef sandwich on rye and it is sublime.  The three cheese grilled cheese sandwich is also very, very good.  While some feel that the beer selection leaves a lot to be desired I have never really seen it as a problem. \n\nMy only complaints about this establishment are their lack of a \true\"""" happy hour and the crowd that sometimes fills it's patio.  On a few occasions the patio bar has been occupied by some of the scummy mill crowd which is a disappointment as this is normally a great place. \n\nI would highly recommend Rula Bula to anyone looking for some great Irish grub at a reasonable price."""""""
The food at Alexi's is good.  Lunch time chicken pitas were my favorite, and at night for the occasional dinner I'd get one of the fish entrees.\n\nThe atmosphere is a bit odd, but the servers are good natured and quick.\n\nThe only reservation I'd have is the odd treatment I sometimes got by the host(ess) when I did not have a reservation.  I was a regular at this place for a long time.  Occasionally though I'd forget to call ahead to reserve a table.  Even if the place was completely empty, without a reservation the host(ess) many times will become visibly annoyed and act as if it is a big deal to find you a table and then put you in a corner somewhere.\n\nI don't know if everyone feels that way, or if it was only a way to try to condition me to call ahead next time since they knew my face.\n\nOverall however, other than that, it is a decent place to go for the occasional grub.
This place is in a great little modern-centric plaza near Camelback and Central, and the quality of the products for the home are exceptional. Haus has a beautiful bungalow-like look to it, and packs a surprising amount of furniture, home goodies and little trinkets despite its modest size. Too bad I can't afford many of the things in here (can anyone? honestly?). I'm heavily digging the new pieces in there from plusminus studio (www.plusminusstudio.com) that are on display. The reclaimed wood tables are some of the nicest I've ever seen. I recommend it highly.
Really decent pizza for the price and the flavored garlic and herb crust was just as tasty as it was a year ago. We walked in to order and as they handed us our pizza they dropped it. For our inconvenience while they remade our pizza they gave us the two they dropped plus a 2 liter free. Great customer service and the manager apologized to us again as we left. For a pizza joint: great service and tasty food.
"""Oh.\nMy.\nGod.\nI just went in here for the first time.  I live right next to Bazaar Noir, and just *had* to check out Curiouser and Curiouser because Bazaar Noir is still shut down (they had a fire about a year ago).\nThe lady who own is, Viol (?) is a HOOT!  Don't go in there thinking you are going to \just browse\"""".  She is a sales lady BEYOND sales!  \nI needed something specific - a dresser.  She didn't have one, but gave me the address of a friend of hers that has a consignment shop on Thomas.  She even called the guy for me!\nWhat will you find here?\nDay of the Dead candy (it's probably been there since November!), purses made out of dead toads (I am not kidding!), leopard lamps, purses, clothes, little books from kindergarten, dishes...vintage jewelry...just name it, it's there! (except for a dresser.  bummer).\nHere's the kicker: she has a LIVE snake living inside a coffee table."""""""
Always had good, fresh food and friendly service. Their chicken tacos are some of the best I have ever had, and I will always be a customer because one time I ordered but had lost my debit card, and they still fed me and just told  me to come back the next day and pay. There are not many resteraunts or businesses that will do that anymore, and I was impressed.\n\nThey also make a pretty good torta and the carne asada is pretty good. \n\nCheap, fast, and yummy....
Stopped in to have dinner for my brothers birthday.  Our party was a bit too large for the small dinning area, there was 8 in our group.  However, after a short wait they were able to accommodate us.  \n\nEverything I tasted was great, the only thing holding me back from giving a five star review is the small dining area.  I had two tacos and rice and beans.  The cochinita pibil taco was very good but the star of the show was the Aztec tinga.  So flavorful, so fat, so hot!  Man, good thing I had a horchata to cool the flames.  The horchata was very good but around halfway through it became nearly impossible to drink through the straw because of the fruit and nuts.  It was no big deal though.  All in all it was a great meal at a very reasonable price.
Layout of the place was a bit confusing when I first got there on my first time, since I was trying to take an order to go, but didn't know where to go..\nI ended up in the line 'for here', but they were patient enough with me to explain which area was for take-out, how I can create my own salads to go (awesome idea), and what sandwiches they offer. \n\nThe Rueben sandwich had perfectly, thin-sliced meat piled high, with plenty of sauerkraut mushed in between fresh slices of bread. Sweet sweet aroma. It was nice to go down the salad bar and choose what ever toppings I wanted..plenty of variety and the whole boiled eggs are something that I haven't seen at other salad bars. Everything is really fresh, and is very similar to a sanwich shop back in CA (called Erik's deli) for those who know what I'm talking about. But sandwiches are a bit bigger here. Bit pricey but beats me making a sandwich when I get lazy.
Been wanting to try this place out for some time and finally had the opportunity today.  I didn't expect much of a crowd on a Friday morning, however when we pulled in I was shocked to see about 10 people waiting outside.  Typical for a weekend morning breakfast joint.....but a weekday?  This place must be good.  Suprisingly, the wait was short...they obviously know how to handle a crowd at this place.  Once inside, I was impressed.  Pretty small, but we had plenty of room in our booth.  I ordered the eggs and sausage, which came with toast and potatoes. The food came out quick.  The thing that really set it apart was the meat.... this was no Jimmy Dean.  It was worthy of Abe Frohman, Sausage King of Chicago.  Needless to say, I'm looking forward to going back and trying some more items on the menu.
SkySong is fantastic if you need to rent a room for a conference.  If you need to hold a meeting or what have ya and have a speaker coming in, you can get a room for sooo cheap here.  Seriously, the room we usually get for where I work is the Innovation Room and it's not much, considering how much it can cost to get a conference room at a hotel.\n\nIt's usually around $100 bucks to book the room, then $25 for each hour you have it.  That includes your audio/visual equipment.  \n\nI can't remember the room, but one time we were upgraded to something slightly more expensive and it had a projector screen up front and in back so that our speakers didn't have to keep turning around to look at their own presentation.  Because of a super minor inconvenience, we ended up getting the room for free, too.  That was sweet.\n\nI've held two events here and have attended a couple put on by other organizations and it's always awesome.  The food spread they've got going on is awesome.\n\nIf you have a job that requires you to hold a get-together with clients, call up SkySong and talk pricing and I pretty much guarantee you'll have a very pleasant experience.
Was in Phoenix for business and had to check out this starwood property.\nI've stayed at W's before so I wanted to compare.\n\nThe goods:\nStarwood property!\nClose to airport\nGreat price\nCool room - very hip compared to most anything else you're going to stay in..  Not quite a W but not your typically Sheraton either.  \nFriendly staff\nHad this really cool video input box on the desk connected to the TV.  Allowed me to plug my laptop video into the box and have it come up on the TV.  Was able to stream netflix easily to the TV.\nThey have a bar\nEasy parking close to the door\nLocation drive-able to restaurants\nPool \nQuite\n\n\nThe not so goods\n\nBed and pillows kinda like a futon.  \nNo formal restaurant.  \nFunky frozen dinner/entries offering is more funky than useful to me and I travel a lot.\nThey do have a delivery menu from some local restaurants (A-Loft note:  Ruby Tuesday's food sucks)\n\nI would give it a 5 if it had a formal resturant.  \n\n\nWould I stay here again - yes for sure!
A ad on a the Middle East radio forum reminded me about this hidden little place.\n\nI stopped in for lunch and the options were quite unique. I had a miso base ramen with salmon in it. What a great combo for 6.95 The miso was light and the noodles were firm the salmon was poached in the broth and full of salmon flavor. \n\nThe meal came with bread and a few sweet things not a match but good non the less.\n\nGood food wide variety give it a try.
TMI has been one of my favorite places to sit back and have a drink on the patio. Haven't been there lately due to the heat though. They have a great happy hour with a nice selection of beers on tap and a few bucks off cocktails. The food has always been the big draw for me. LOVE the Sheridan sandwich! Toasted and cheesy :) The Red Goat salad is delicious with pistachios, goat cheese, strawberries, and their to-die-for balsamic vinaigrette! Mac n Cheese is a hit as well! \n\nThe service has always been poor, but that has become expected. It takes a long time to be greeted, and expect your glass to be empty for awhile before they come around to offer you another. The waitress always seems to be rude and acts like you are bothering her. Other than that, I recommend it! It's in a cute Phoenix historic house and they place cool music :)
We always have a good breakfast here and we go on a regular basis.  \n\nWe saw a story on The Original Pancake House on the Food Network and apparently the staff arrive at the establishment very early to start making food from scratch (pancake batter, etc.) so we figured that would make for a good breaky and we were right.  I love their banana pancakes and my husband always enjoys his omelet of choice.\n\nThe staff is always friendly and eager to please and it's always the same faces around there.  Like that!
This is definately out of the way for me but I still make it a point to drive all the way to avondale just to get a cup of honeydew slush with boba, they do have quite a bit of selection as far as flavors go and you can choose different flavored jelly. it's kind of quiet and makes me wonder why it's still open but then again i never go in and sit i always take my drinks to go. \n\noverall it's a nice little place with good drinks and toast (strange i know)  oh and my little sister loves this place I am not allowed to go there without her she is 8 so i'm assuming all the kiddies love this.\n\nalso I do believe they only do cash so be prepared because there is only a bank of america bank in the plaza
MMM Chicos. I have been coming here for years and it has consistantly been delicious. It is one of the places we bring out of town guests to.\n\nThis is a pay-at-the-counter type place, but much much better than any type of ____bertos. \n\nThey have lard free beans and a salsa bar with several different types and they give you chips to munch on before your meal.\n\nThe portions are extremely generous, especially if you get the california burro. I weighed it and it was literally a pound.\n\nThe tostadas come in a shell, and are kind of a mix between a tostada and a taco salad, but the veggie tostada is my favorite. get the guac and sour cream and you have the best mexican food around.\n\nThe California burro and the quesedillas are also really good. My boyfriends mom will drive from Apache Junction just to get the steak quesedilla.\n\nThe restaurant is brightly colored and has upbeat mexican music playing. Good location with lots of parking, and its right next to a Starbucks.\n\nAnd if my review wasnt enough to convince you, I can almost guarantee that you will see cops eating there if you go. I think that says something :)\n\nPS I think they are closed on Sundays
Last visit was a vast improvement... It is always based on the level of service.  It was really cool to see a bunch of military recruits there- always a plus.  The guy at the table next to us snagged their bill before we could - an indication of the caliber of people that frequent the place.  The server will make or break your experience - the food is good, the atmosphere is great for family, friends and/or a great night out however the experience is contingent on the service...  the park behind the place is a great view too.
The Stetson Chopped salad is as good as a salad gets. They have a great way of preparing it at the table so you can see exactly what goes in to this creative dish. \n\nI have had the salmon and halibut, but did not love either one. The next time I went I was smarter and ordered some meat dishes. The stuffed pork chop was very good and so were the short ribs. \n\nThey have some wild things on the menu that I haven't tried such as bacon chocolate chip cookies.
"""I had no idea this place even existed which is retarded because I live less than a mile away. The first time I went there I thought I was following some people in to a house party until I got inside and was like \oh sh*t - it's a bar.\"""" I was a pleasant surprise. Anyway, on to my review.\n\nThe good:\n\n - Location - I'm always a fan of new businesses finding success in downtwn Phoenix. \n\n - Seating: It's not a large space but I always manage to find a seat\n\n - Beer selection is awesome\n\n- Good lighting/atmosphere\n\nThe bad:\n\n- You can't take your beer outside on the porch/outdoor area\n\n- Hipsters, please kill yourself\n\n- Staff, please read above statement (be nice to people even if we aren't artists/emo/punk/goth...etc. )\n\nIn summary,  I'm sure I'll be there a lot because the beer is good and it's close to my house.\n\n*** Edited to add: Last night I went back to Lost Leaf and the staff was really nice/cool/non-hipster-ish.  So disregard the hipster staff criticism, at least on Saturday night. The Sat. night crew is cool."""""""
"""Like Amber- I want to hate this place. There is just so much hoopla in this country over some pizza and the like.\nWhat Panne Bianco gets right is \n-quick, polite, but personalized service\n-a great short menu with no surprises\n-great \to go\"""" options\n-big portions (when a sandwich and a drink cost $12 it better be good)\n-close to my work, wishing they would move into my work's cafe space\n-its right by lux\n-its food that any single person could make at home with a sandwich press, but doesn't b/c high quality bread and the like go bad too soon\n\nthe somewhat bad-\nwierd hours and parking\nkinda high prices\nno place to \""""sit\"""" and \""""wait\"""""""""""
This review is for their Happy Hour.\n\nMy friends and I were winding down Saturday evening and thought Trader Vic's would be a great place to have a drink.  We sat outside in the lovely patio surrounded by bamboo and a crazy looking tiki in the corner that looked like he had been scared half to death.  Still, it was a nice relaxing setting.  Our server was very accomadting and immediatly brought to our attention that we had 20 more minutes left for Happy House.  SCORE!  Quickly we looked over the menu and she took our orders.  At $3 and $5 per dish the appetizers are a steal!!  Their signiture drinks are not Happy Hour prices but there is something for everyone on the menu.  One of my friends had the burger with sweet potato fries and said it was awesome.  The rock shrimp and crispy chicken skewers were very good too.  The prices here cannot be beat.  All in all it was a lovely way to end the day....but wait.....Happy Hour starts again at 9pm.....hmm......should I stay or should I go......
There's a little bit of an island vibe going on right here in Arizona.\n\nThis casual place makes me smile.  Yes, it's just a step above a fast food place, but the vibe is tropical and the food is tasty and prepared fresh to order.   When you walk in, you'll notice the island music playing, the ceiling fans turning and some kitschy Hawaiian posters on the wall.  The air is filled with aromas of teriyaki, Jamaican jerk, island spice rubs.\n\nTake a look at the menu on the wall and then approach the counter to place your order.  You pay and they give you one of those big plastic numbers to place on your table so the food server can match you to your order.  While waiting (not long) you help yourself to the beverage station, sodas, water, and the specially prepared Mango Iced Tea, which is amazing.  I just can't get enough of that Mango Iced Tea.\n\nLooking around, it seems that most customers order the rice bowls.  You choose a meat (chicken, steak, shrimp, etc.) then pick a sauce flavor (teriyaki, Jamaican Jerk, Bali Island, Honey-orange), and then your choice of rice (white, brown, noodles).   Looks really good.  I typically order one of their big entr\u00e9e salads.  I alternate between their Voodoo Chicken Salad and their Aloha Chicken Salad. I can't decide which one I like better.  My husband loves their Volcano-Blackened Mahi Mahi plate.  Where else can you get perfectly spiced Mahi topped with tropical fruit salsa, rice, and a salad for under $ 10?  Yum, tasty and a great value.\n\nIt's just a simple little place, but every time I eat here, it reminds me how much I love Hawaii and hope to return someday.  Until then...Aloha.
"""Major life accomplishments:\nNot vomiting during Cloverfield.\nPuberty.\nFinding Lost Leaf\nSeriously. Nestled among other small houses, sits the Lost Leaf. No signage that I could see. No address. Minimal lighting.\nThat just makes it even cooler. Recently met some friends there for Jacqui's birthday and we had a blast. Y'all know so much about this place already. But did you know the big painting in the main room is kinda scary after a large Bastard beer. Check the third dude. His eyes follow you. And if you forget your debit card and call to ask them just to cut it up for you, he says he's required to say aloud and back to you, \Sir, you have just asked me to cut up your debit card. Is this what you want me to do?\"""" Uh, yea. I strangely appreciated that. No table service that I know of, just crawl up to the bar when your Bastard is empty. Live music from the back room is a great touch and plays throughout the house. Full of urbanites, hipsters, scenesters and this night tipsy, silly, photo snapping yelpers. Lost Leaf. You're lost no more."""""""
There are worse airports to be stuck in for 8 hours with a 102 degree fever and frequent bouts of  atomic diarrhea intermingled with seemingly eternal sessions of projectile vomiting (and this is only one quarter of the way through my travel itinerary) after a night of mostly the same and a day of trying to navigate the American Aviation system in the middle of the holiday rush. Perhaps some of you recall my last cross-country travel experience (3 days stuck at SFO waiting for a flight out...). This time was not much better. \n\nBut the airport staff at Phoenix made my excruciating delay that much better by providing me with tissues, sprite (for my tummy), tons of pillows, and enough blankets to warm my shivering, shaking, feverish body. Had I not convinced them I had food poisoning, they probably wouldn't have allowed me on the flight that I finally got on at 2 a.m. after boarding my first flight at 2 p.m. the day before and facing an additional 4 hour flight. Their assistance and support helped me get some much-needed sleep while awaiting my winged chariot and made the flight I finally got on much easier than my former flight had been.\n\nI might add that there were ample food and sundries stations in the terminal I was in and I easily found all the medication I cared to take and regurgitate. I have been in and out of this particular airport for various reasons over the years and always found it rather average until this past week. Thank you, Southwest employees and airport personnel for making yet another miserable travel experience so much easier to endure.
Went here the first night in Surprise, AZ with my sister, her boyfriend, and my husband. We were visiting them for a few days and they highly recommended this place. \n\nWe got the pot stickers and mozzarella sticks and both were very delicious. My husband had the porkchop and said it was very good. I got the small bite meatballs and they were very good. My sister got the small bite mac and cheese and we all tried a bite of it and it was very good. Her boyfriend got a hamburger and said it was ok. \n\nThis place was reasonably priced and it was worth going to.
I've been hearing about fry bread house for awhile now. So when I moved into my new home and found it right next door to my neighborhood dive bar, which does not serve food, I was understandably excited.  \nYou know what you need whilst drinking cheap beer? greasy food.  This isn't greasy bad, like dripping and wet, this is good.  This is fluffy warm fry bread, with delicious spicy chorrizo, and all the fixings.\nThe prices are good, the staff was friendly and quick, and the food? oh yes, I  will be back.\nAlso, the leftovers with a fried egg cracked on top, a great breakfast the next morning.  really.
I have to say, the food wasn't as impressive as I had hoped.  I had the Lobster Risotto and it was decent, but nothing really special I felt.  The flavors were a bit off and I didn't want to ask my dining companion about her meal fearing she was having a similar experience (and since I had chosen the place).  For the food, I'd say three stars.\n\nService was good though, and the dessert I had was great (Scharfenberger mousse).  \n\nAmbience was a bit loud, and not super cozy, but I may be a bit of a food snob since I'm so spoiled by some amazing food in the Bay Area so I just can't give this more than four stars.
My first trip went really well. All of us enjoyed the food. My sandwich was delicious. I'm not sure what the theme really is because the food isn't extremely middle eastern but it has its nice touches. It reminds me of those restaurants that add in random ingredients that you wouldn't eat if you weren't willing to go outside of just the meat and potatoes and no veggies American routine, but can really appreciate if you into that stuff.  \n\nAmbiance was very modern chill sheik. I really want to try out brunch Sundays. My only complaint was there was no avocado :( All in all a lovely meal that doesn't break the bank.
OMG SO DANG DELISH!!!! I never knew this place existed and it's just right up the street from me!! There are so many sandwiches I wanted to try but I ordered the New York Steamer Sub which has corned beef brisket & pastrami with melted provolone, that right there is heaven on bread!!  I have to say I am huge Jimmy John's fav, but Firehouse just might be my new number 1.  They even have this touch screen soda machine which I thought I was pretty nifty, I think it boasted 101 different types of drinks; it's a Coke machine, so except coke products but be amazed by all that it does offer.  Service was great, place was great! Gotta go back and try other sandwiches now!
It's easy to forget this location is here. Tucked away between the Safeway and the corresponding gas station is this run-of-the-mill Pei Wei establishment.\n\nI usually order Pei Wei Spicy or Mandarin Kung Pao chicken. Though, Kung Pao beef is surprisingly tasty. Then, I load it up with their chili sauce and spicy mustard. I like to add extra veggies too because they tend to skimp on that. Stay away from the Curry because it's bland and runny to me. \n\nTips: Asking for brown rice and steamed chicken make Pei Wei a fairly healthy and tasty alternative. \n\nThough not the cheapest or most authentic, I'm been a fan of Pei Wei's attempts to stay true to their Asian roots (Pei Wei's Market online) and provide good value with every meal. And, I like the cool touch-screen soda dispensers.\n\nLooking forward to the new Siracha Chicken (arrives Oct 8)!
we went here after reading a lot of good reviews on yelp, but it didn't live up to all expectations.\n\ni had a hot dog, which was pretty average and had, like, 100x too much mustard. also the onions tasted pretty weird. my lady liked the fries, and was bummed they didn't have any veggie burgers. the inside is pretty cool looking (no room for sitting, just looking, and waiting). there was an inspector of some sort there while we were eating in the back, which raised our brows. the seating in the back is kind of awkward, and right next to the dumpster, so that might explain the flies.\n\nstill, the food wasn't horrible, it just didn't live up to all the great reviews this place has.
I am very convinced that there is no such thing as a sports bar with good service in Scottsdale.  Dukes is no exception.  \n\nI went to Dukes last Sunday for the Chargers game and it was packed.  I was pretty happy to see a sports bar within stumbling distance to my house that was actually a lot bigger than it looks from outside.  Sure, its in a strip mall but I can overlook that.  \n\nWhat I cant overlook is how downright miserable our server looked when she was actually anywhere near our table, which wasnt often.  I almost deducted two stars for this, since other friends of mine had been there the day before and said their service from another girl was equally as poor.  \n\nWhat I do like about Dukes:\n\nCheap drinks\nBloody Mary bar\nA billion TVs\nShuffle Board\nThe layout and big space\nFree Wi-Fi (No I did not take my laptop, but for those fantasy football players that must have their scores immediately, it seemed like a good thing)\n\nAll in all, a good place to watch the game, whoever youre cheering for.  Maybe service at the bar (instead of at a table) is better.
A neat little wine shop in an out-of-the way strip mall off Cave Creek Rd.  I'm told they have a great wine tasting on Fridays, but I haven't been able to make it in.  They carry a lot of AZ wines, so this little spot was the first thing to come to mind when I was looking for a bottle of Pillsbury Wine Company's 2007 Diva for a recent birthday.  I found it right away - it was literally the first label I read.  I was a bit bummed because I didn't get a chance to talk to the owner.  The website didn't list the Diva among the wines stocked, but I'm really glad I stopped in anyway - it gave me a chance to finally see this place for myself.  I know I'll be back, despite my torrid affair with Total Wine.  My relationship with this place is more of a dalliance, at least so far...
1960, meet.... 1960.\n\nDurant's has not departed from that era, and I'm glad it hasn't. From the entrance along the red carpet in the kitchen, to the velvet covered walls, high back red booths, and staff in tuxedos, you know you are in for a treat as soon as you walk in. Hell, even the line cooks will wave hi and bye to you. \n\nFeatured in the bar every afternoon is a killer happy hour, with half price domestic and well drinks. They typically draw a pretty good crowd that doesn't seem to let up until late in the evening. A lot of the clientele here is the well heeled group from Phoenix Country Club, Palmcroft, and other nicer neighborhoods. It's a diverse group from 20 somethings to the about to die blue hairs. \n\nThe honest truth, as others have said, is that you can find a better steak. I would barely put Durant's in the top 10 with stars like Donovan's, Mastro's, BLT, J&G, etc. But Durant's isn't all about the steak, it's about the experience, one every phoenician should encounter at least once in their lifetime. The owners aren't the least bit accommodating either, as they don't have to be. The restaurant fills up almost every night. \n\nI still maintain that if it weren't for Durant's, a lot of people wouldn't even know what Central Avenue in Midtown looks like. I hear very often, oh, downtown, thats by Durant's right? Long live a Phoenix landmark.
One word... CHICKEN TIKKA MASALA!\n\nOk...it's one word if you say it like I do. I like to say it fast so I can hurry up and get past the ordering part and on to the eating part.\n\nThis place is awesome. I ordered samosas, garlic naan, mixed grill (tandoori oven cooked variety of meats) and chickentikkamasala *giggle*. The mixed grill was good, but the naan and the masala was the highlight. I had to slap the hubby's hands to keep him from eating the whole thing...ok...by 'slap' I mean I may or may not have skewered his fingers with the fork, pinned them to the table and gleefully devoured the tender saucy piece of chicken as he sniffled something about needing an ambulance...we're so playful. \n\nDISCLAIMER: *No hubbies were actually harmed or manhandled before, during, or after the consumption of the delicious items procured from I.D.P. The improvised narrative describing the dinner-eating portion is fictional...the tastiness of the items we ordered is factual.
Great place to see a show, with the following disclaimers:\n\n- 'traditional' concerts are best - if it's a show where you want to jump around, dance, etc. you're kind of limited to the space around your seat, and there isn't much.\n\n- not a bad seat in the place - yes it's tight but the place is old, probably built when we were a thinner nation.\n\n- the stage revolves meaning you're facing the band half the time.  I guess your view of this depends if you are the glass-is-half-full or empty type.\n\n- the staff is friendly, knowledgeable and professional, kind of like the Marquee in reverse.\n\n-  $5 for parking, but I can't remember the last event I attended where you didn't have to pay for parking.  Do agree with the 'get there early' comments.  It helps.\n\n- not in the best neighborhood but I've never had a problem.\n\n- decent food menu but if you want something more than ballpark fare you should probably eat before you go.\n\n- the bar/facilities downstairs are usually less crowded.\n\n- acoustics are solid, assuming the engineer is half-decent.
"""I came here for a birthday party today and was thoroughly impressed! I can honestly say it is one of the nicest parks I have ever been to. There were baseball fields, volleyball courts, waterways for fishing, a splash pad, and playgrounds with lots of cool features. The splash pad had a lot of fun features for the kids and went on continuously. \n\nThere were ramadas throughout that you could reserve which had corresponding grills and \counter\"""" space to use. Pretty convenient. The only reason I could not give this a 5 is the range of prices to reserve a ramada. If you are a Peoria resident, it is $30. If not, it is $90 which is a HUGE price difference and steep to bat. \n\nOther than that, this is a great place to take the kids...."""""""
Why haven't I stopped by for Happy Hour at The Vig Uptown sooner? I should stop being such a shut-in.\n\nNot that the drinks were THAT cheap - but they were good. Well, the one I kept drinking was good. (Moscow Mule - if you like ginger, order it.) My friends and I were hungry, and so we got a little appetizer happy. Ok, we got VERY appetizer happy. We started with the Double Down (Hummus and Baba Ganoush). Pro: if you need extra pitas - and you will - they're free. Just ask. (Or maybe the bartender just gave them to us because we're cute girls?) Let's go with the former idea. We then also ordered The Trifecta, Crabmeat and Artichoke Dip, and Flatbread Pizza with Tandoori Chicken. Wow, we ordered a lot of food between the four of us. Well, my friends ordered them, I just ate them. But everything was really tasty. Note: the spicy-mayo that is served with an order of fries has got to have yellow curry in it. And it tastes FANTASTIC. \n\nThe bartender service was really friendly (no, not just because he maybe, perhaps, gave us free pita bread). Long story short, I'd like to come here again for food OTHER than appetizers. And I know that there is another Vig, but I'm going to have a hard time going to any Vig other than the Uptown.
"""Stylish and hip yet humbly manages to stay comfortable and understated; St. Francis is almost one of the best restaurants I've visited in a long time. \n\nThere are enough interior design details to satisfy our inner Martha and a menu that's well presented and executed, so why the \almost\""""? The service was off. Our servers couldn't decide who we belonged too, another table's food was served to us, then our salads and soups came out with the entrees, huge no-no. For a restaurant that's been open well over a year, these kinds of rookie mistakes, while forgivable, are just out of place and confusing. It's a fact we all have off days, they clearly were having theirs.\n\nIn the semi-open kitchen you'll see their custom built wood burning oven which is the cooking method for many of the dishes on the menu. Now maybe I'm nitpicking, but normally at this caliber of restaurant, bread is simply part of the service. At St. Francis to get a few slices of their fantastic house made baguette, served with extra virgin olive oil and sea salt ($2) you'll have to ante up. I know it's only a few bucks and really is a sign of the times, but really? So the bread was chewy and had an excellent developed flavor, okay it was worth it. \n\nWhen our Meatballs ($12) with Moroccan spice, tomato sauce, egg and olive oil toast arrived I swear there was cheese on top. After one bite of these meaty spheres there was no cheese at all, ends up the egg was so light and airy that it had a cheese like texture. This is that one dish that will keep me coming back over and over, such a taste departure from the typical Italian style. \n\nI'd highly suggest ordering the fork tender Pot Roast ($17). Better than moms, it was served with sweet corn polenta, bok choy, carrots and tomatoes, rustic and deliciously fulfilling. The white fish of the night ended up being a thick fillet of Mexican Grouper ($23). Like everything else, perfectly cooked, the plump flavorful fish was served with carrots atop a pillowy mound of mashed potatoes. If you're craving a burger, try the French Onion Burger ($13) with its smoked bacon, Gruyere cheese and crispy onions, its a beautiful thing.    \n\nSticky Toffee Pudding ($7) with sweet cream gelato, was an excellent way to end such a great meal. \n\nThe food at St. Francis was on point with every dish being excellent. I look forward to an on day when the service matches the food."""""""
A friend and I visited Malee's on Main a few weeks ago on a whim after ending up in Scottsdale. I greatly enjoy Thai and absolutely expect good atomosphere in a place as well and I got that at Malee's. \n\nThe atmosphere was better than expected. I loved the lighting (or slight lack thereof) and the different booths and tables available. My only complaint was that there happened to be a girl playing piano while we were there, but not knowing this when we arrived, we were seated in an area where we couldn't hear her at all.\n\nThe staff was very attentive and I was constantly having my water refilled without even gesturing that I needed it. This was perfect because the heat and spice of the food was exactly what I wanted :)\n\nThe unique names of the menu items were fantastic also and I kinda giggled a little bit (and still do). I had an appetizer of Siamese Kisses and a main course titled Evil Jungle Princess. \n\nI'd definitely go back here again. It was a great experience.
Ok so like growing up Denny's was the spot especially for the church folk and that is how I was raised until about 13, anyway this spot had it all and once when I was on a road trip with my Dad,stepmom and little brother all we did was eat a Denny's from Ca to the ATL that and the occaisional Waffle house. But somehow I stopped going to Denny's and now they have changed and this is for the better. They have brought back the free breakfast grand slam and they have menu options in $2, $4, $6, and $8 options plus their faithful standbys. I am talking about the Super Bird people the best sandwich for the last 4 decades.  Anyway in this economy sometimes you want to just chill out and talk to your friends and Denny's has always been that and so much more for me. Reunited and it feels so good.
I wish I could live here... in fact on my last visit I was thinking about how I'd like to be in World Market during the zombie invasion, whenever that happens. They just have so many wonderful things that I want to eat and drink and play with, seriously, every visit here is like a brand new adventure. If World Market wasn't quite as pricey I would give it five stars, but don't let the four fool you, I love this place.
Steak and Crab? Yes, please.\n\nFor 15 bucks? Whhhhaaaaa? Hell yes! \n\nThese are questions my friend asked, when she wondered if I wanted to go to Bobby Qs the other night. Honestly, I did not get my hopes up, and prepared myself for a rough ride home. Yes, in case you are wondering, I have had some bad experiences with Seafood.\n\nWe decided to sit on the patio and were promptly attended to. I ordered a bloody mary, the rest beers. The bloody mary was freaking tasty. Spicy and tasty. \n\nWe all ended up ordering the Steak and Crab special. I ordered a Caesar to start with. The Caesar was good. Nothing amazing, but solid.\n\nThen there came the Crab. Half a snow crab, with an 8oz Steak and a side of roasted corn. As I started drooling, my stomach did a backflip from excitement. The crab was awesome! Not chewy or fishy tasting. The steak was great as well, and the corn was nice and smokey.\n\nThe only negative...the server was a bit forgetful at times. Honestly, once the crab and I had our moment...I no longer cared..
Just moved from California to Arizona. They say that southern California has the best Vietnamese food to offer outside of actual Vietnam. So moving to Arizona, I had to leave that behind and settle for wannabe Viet restaurants and whatnot.\n\nSo when I found unPhogettable, I shuttered to see a pho restaurant title without a number after it and incorporating a terrible pun that makes my teeth grind.\n\nBut I walked inside and hey! It SMELLS like a good pho restaurant! =)\n\nOrdered a bowl of pho tai and it was pretty decent! The broth they make is surprisingly flavor and they somehow use less MSG and fats than their Californian counterparts without sacrificing flavor. So that was a very pleasant surprise for me.\n\nOne problem is that the pho is slightly overpriced compared to CA. But if pho is what you're craving, this is the place to stop! ^_^
Boyfriend and I from SoCal stumbled across this nice lunch eatery while in town for a wedding. Known for its cajun chicken and pizza served on crackers as opposed to dough and pasta sauce. We got the cajun strip sandwich and the original pizza. Both were very delicious!! Service was great too!! We had just returned from a hike and our server refilled our drinks at least 4 times without us asking. Seats on the patio allows you to take in the wonderful Old Town Scottsdale and warm weather.
Okay so I'm stepping out of my comfort zone to write this review since I normally review restaurants or food events exclusively. However, I felt that Taliesin West had a great deal of rich flavors and cultural significance that I decided it was worth raving about.\n\nWell what's to say? Frank Lloyd Wright's winter home is a stunning piece of architecture that many can learn from and admire. The 60-90 minute tour is very fun and highlights Mr. Wright's genius thought processes in building design and also delivers several colorful and delightful anecdotes of a stubborn old man who had to have his way.\n\nThe pictures here are Yelp are gorgeous but half of the fun is listening to the tour guides explain why certain rooms are shaped the way they are and how the history of this place came to be. It's all fascinating stuff and I highly recommend it. Also, the gift shop has lots of neat doodads that might be worth taking home. It's all a little expensive, yeah, but if you're into art and architecture, Taliesin West is a really fun place to be culturally enlightened.
Being that I work at home, I always look forward to meeting up with our web graphic designer and pow-wowing on the maintenance of our ever growing website. We usually choose a coffee house somewhere between our two homes and meet about every few months. Today we met at a very charming little coffee house/yoga studio in downtown Mesa, AZ called Inside the Bungalow. The patio was gorgeous and we had a lovely chicken waldorf salad sandwich. It was very yummy. I was happy that it was so quiet. We were able to talk and hear each other easily. I think this place might just be our east valley keeper. Very cute! :)
Had breakfast at this establishment on Valentines day this year.  All around a entertaining and enjoyable experience. Our server was energetic, happy, hilarious and attentive. The food was spot on as well, I am not sure the last time I was compelled to order a chicken fried steak and eggs at 10:00 am but after a little encouragement from our server I took the leap, and I am glad I did. I am not sure if they were the best ever, but they were very close. The steak had a well seasoned batter and was very good, My eggs over easy were perfectly prepared, and and believe it or not my meal came with three delicious light and fluffy pancakes. My girlfriend, had the biscuits and gravy and they were well above average, light flakey crust, and delicious gravy. Oak's is a perfect location for the home style breakfast of your dreams, but Oaks does not provide me with memories of its ambiance, if you are looking for eggs with a view, look elsewhere.
"""I've always liked Kona Grill, especially for happy hour.  I think that both the Chandler and Scottsdale locations have a better \vibe\"""" however, this is still one of the more happening places in Gilbert on Friday and Saturday nights.  I've never thought the food was worthy of five stars, however, I cannot really think of anything specific to complain about either.  Actually, my favorite thing about KG is the jellyfish light fixtures :)\n\nWe started out in the bar this afternoon, however, with the doors open, it was kind of chilly and although it was pre-happy hour, it was noisy and I felt very exposed sitting in the middle of the bar.  We decided to move to the restaurant side and sit in a booth which made for a much more comfortable and relaxing dining experience.  My friend ordered the Kona Cheeseburger with fries (the smaller 6 oz) which didn't look entirely special and the portion of fries seemed quite small.  He must have been really hungry as he wolfed it down with no complaints.  I had a hard time deciding what to order...I was hungry but not starving.  I noticed that they've changed their appetizers and no longer offer the giant onion rings :(  I opted for a fairly healthy option, the Sushi Combo ($11) which includes eight california rolls, and one each of salmon, tuna and shrimp.  The house salad (dressing on the side) was very fresh and tasty.  Overall, it was more filling than it looked and I really enjoyed it.\n\nSo, I will definitely be back to Kona, athough they certainly have competition in the immediate area.  Two of my favorites, Brio Tuscan Grill and The Keg are both great options depending on what I'm in the mood for...if it's sushi, then KG is the place."""""""
I've been performing here for a couple of years.  There's a comedy show every Wednesday and it's free.  But enough of the shameless self-promotion...\nBongo's is a bar and grill.  There's a huge TV for whatever popular game is on that night.  (I rarely watch because there are COMEDIANS onstage!)\nThe service is ultra-friendly, especially Kara.  \nIt's typical bar food, but they have a huge menu.  There's something for everyone.  Me?  I'm quite partial to the cheese fries.  Yup.  Fries with cheese-in-a-can.  It's my guilty pleasure every time I perform there.\nThere are regulars, like this one lady who feeds her kids then stumbles over to drink.  \nIf you want a friendly, down-to-earth sports bar to hang out in, go to Bongo's.  If you're hungry, go to Bongo's.  If you want to laugh and eat and drink, go to Bongo's.  On Wednesday nights.  :}
Man, haters are gonna hate! The cupcakes here are AMAZING. Extremely moist and delicious. If you think it's too sweet, then don't eat a damn cupcake! If you've never been here, I suggest trying the Red Velvet. Red Velvet never fails, and I've never met a person who didn't like it. My other favorites are carrot and strawberry, but be very careful about trying new flavors. I once tried the chai latte and it made me sad. \n\nAnd yes, the cupcakes are $3.50 and no, you won't feel privileged or special for spending that on a cupcake. Currently, $3.50 is less than a gallon of gas... or a cup of coffee. So let's just all calm down about the prices. And P.S. to those who can make the same tasting cupcakes from a box, please drop those cupcakes off at my house. I will be very impressed because as of right now, I'm pretty sure that's impossible. OH and one more thing: don't waste money on the mix that's sold in the store. It is not the same. Hope this was helpful!
I'm actually a pretty big fan of PGC. I was first treated to Mahmoud's culinary talent way back in the day (late 90's), when he owned the Green Leaf Cafe up on 19th Ave (where Fattoush is today). His current location is much nicer, but the food is still center stage. One critique that I've heard over the years is that people were expecting something different due to the name. PGC is not a Persian restaurant. It is however a place for great Vegetarian and healthy options that taste unbelievably decadent; flavored with spices and herbs that are typically associated with Persian cuisine.\n\nThe menu is quite large, with slight variances between lunch and dinner (dinner has more seafood and meat options - but honestly they let me order anything at anytime). There are always daily specials which are generally based on whatever Mahmoud finds at the daily market and items are clearly marked as Vegetarian, Vegan, or Carnivorous.\n\nMy biggest challenge at PGC is narrowing down the choices to a reasonable amount of food (which isn't easy because the portions can be quite large).\n\nSome things that shine as stars on the menu:\n* the hummus - served with fresh veggies and house made nan\n* barley soup (when it is one of the daily soups) - this stuff is loaded with vegetables and barley\n* angel hair feta or spicy chicken garden salad - both are HUGE and crammed full of the most amazing organic vegetables found in phx, then lightly tossed in the house dressing that is crisp and brings out the flavors of every ingredient\n*purple shoots - asparagus and eggplant, topped with saut\u00e9ed onions, garlic, scallion, tomatoes, fresh herbs, lemon juice and feta cheese\n*herb stew with chicken - I don't even know how to describe this one, but it truly rocks!\n\nMost of the meals are served with brown and white basmati rice topped with a toasted almond-raisin-saffron mix, a homemade cugurt sauce and fresh nan. I could probably make a meal on this stuff alone.\n\nPGC has a small selection of wines, but their flavored teas are so out of this world that I could float away on them. The peach tea is like none other that I have ever tried!\n\nThe only thing that I'm not a big fan of are the deserts - with the exception of the ginger and rose petal ice cream. If I'm going to splurge calories on desert, it's not going to be on a Vegan Cheesecake. But that ice cream... my mom and I split one and the first bite I took was weird and wonderful all at the same time - by the time we got to the bottom of the bowl we were having a spoon fight that required black-belt finger moves.\n\nThis is an unexpected little place that is relaxed and unpretentious while simultaneously offering table cloths and candles. It's not cheap, but they definitely make up for it in quality and large portions. Call ahead to check the schedule if you are interested in going on a night when they have belly dancing (usually the only time you need a reservation).
My girlfriend and I had dinner here with my brother and his wife this past Saturday. It was packed outside so we had to sit outside which was fine. If anything it got a little too warm under the heat lamps, but the atmosphere was fine.\n\nFood was very tasty across the board. We had steak and organic chicken on our side of the table both of which were cooked exactly how we wanted them. Juicy and tender. \n\nService was excellent. Recommended.
We went there one week ago, the place was packed, I'm sure because they just received an award from Food Network. We didn't wait too much, after 20 min we had our table. We order procciuto and asiago cheese as appetizers, they come with some bread and some dip, it was good. For dinner we ordered the pizza w/ sausage and sage I don't remember the name, it was pretty good. The food came quick, the staff was friendly. Highly recommended.
"""We moved from Alabama a year and a half ago and have lived here since we arrived in Arizona.  We really like it here.  The staff and maintenance are great.  If we have any type of problem or concern it is handled right away.  Our apartment is beside a  wash and we feed the rabbits and I even saw a javelina (WOW, don't see those in Alabama)  The maintenance guys keep the grounds up and the complex always looks so nice.  We have really nice neighbors and have made some good friends.  There are plenty of places to walk my dog and chat with all the other \dog people\"""".  I really feel safe here which is really important to me.  The office staff enforces rules meant to protect and provide a comfortable living environment for all the people living at Promontory Pointe ."""""""
I agree with Alicia.  the club has some downfalls but its the only place to hear world class DJ's in arizona.  I love house music and unfortunately this is one of the few places to hear unadulterated house music without a lil john song thrown in.  \nDance floor is small, especially when big DJ's are in town.  \nThere is a lax dress code so the club isn't all that uppity which can be a nice change.  \nNever been there on any night but a friday. \nThe gogo dancers are easy on the eyes as well.  \n4 stars for the effort they put out to bring in world class DJ's like Desyn Masiello.  I'd give it 3 for everything else.
Place is pretty good after new ownership took affect. Pretty clean and organized. I would give the food 4/5 stars. Better than most chinese buffet places. Looks like all employees are actually Chinese. Your drink is always filled since they check up on it regularly. I actually had more than I could drink they filled it so often. Prices are good at $6.99 per person during lunch. Dinner is $9.99 per person. Children 3-5 is $2.99 as the check said. Soda is $1.49. And guess what, REAL ICE CREAM. We were pretty happy about that. Worth it.
After spending a lovely day looking at musical instruments, or enjoying one of the concerts the MIM has, what better way to finish off your experience than to get lunch at this delectable cafe?  The food here has an emphasis on sustainable and locally produced food.  They have a lot of unique dishes here, and the menu changes daily.  Some examples include ahi tuna and caviar pizza, braised beef with potatoes, and unusual (and tasty) dessert such as chilled rhubarb soup with cake squares.  The portions are very filling, and service is excellent for a cafeteria style establishment.  Some of the dishes can be hit and miss, but I give them points for trying at least.  For instance, the tuna on the pizza I tried was a little overcooked and a little fishy tasting for me, and a chicken sandwich I had was bordering on the dry side.  The beef I have had here though has been very tender and flavorful so far though.  The cafeteria itself is in an open, airy, sunny locale, which provides a good view of the outdoors while you eat your meal.
They did a fantastic job renovating this place. It's a great place for a special occasion. My friend had his wedding here... it's a perfect spot. The bar area is neat, but way overpriced. It's a little hoity toity for me as well... if you've got that kind of money, you would probably like it.\n\nThe pool area is nice, but frequently crowded with what appears to be Mtv Spring Breakers or models. Actually - crowds depend on time of day/week/month/year... The rooms are quite nice and once they finish construction next door, the views will be good again. I don't like to valet my car, so I'm not a fan of the parking situation. The Ho makes a great backdrop for photo shoots as well. \n\nI think if you have wealthy family or friends in town, this is one of the better options available. It's also good to meet some friends at the bar if you've got the dough and want to play dress-up. I'm glad they decided to keep it around... I'm kinda upset though that they changed the Valley Ho sign on the corner of 68th and Indian School... after all that work to renovate the place, they finally lose that sign that has been there since I can remember. Pity.
A simple, healthy, pleasant meal without pretense in the Scotts Rd/Frank Lloyd Wright neighborhood.  Yeah, right - it doesn't exist except at Miracle Mile.  Anytime we want to eat, we always have to choose between spending over an hour doing it (between waiting for a table and service focused on upsell), gut busting food or driving 15 minutes away (back to the hour plus).  Miracle Mile has great diversity on their menu, gets you in and out, and has tons of seating in a pretty pleasant and very clean dining area.  Miracle Mile probably isn't worth driving out of my way for, but I'm sure glad it's nearby.
There are very few places who can get me to eat chicken that is not boneless/skinless and this is one of them! Not only can they get me to eat it, the jerk chicken here can get me to drive across town on my lunch hour just to indulge. Generous portions of juicy, tender, flavorful chicken piled in one corner of a styrofoam take out tray partnered with loads of rice (flavors vary, for example: rice and beans or pumpkin rice) and your choice of plantains or (my choice) steamed cabbage for about $10 with a drink. The cabbage is still crisp and firm and a nice, mild crunch to go with the rest of the meal. The staff is incredibly friendly. Seating is very limited (stools facing a narrow counter that runs the perimeter of the small restaurant's space) -- but, in a way that makes it convenient to eat alone and be left to stuff your face! \n\nBYO wet wipes though, fair warning!
The Auld Dubliner is a welcome change in the chanification that is the West Valley.  They do have a few other locations (one in Tucson, another in Colorado) but this place doesn't have that chain style feel.  The menu claims that the interior was imported from Ireland and that the inside setup is authentic to Ireland.  I've never been so I can't speak to that, but the interior is eclectic and fun.\n\nThe people that work at the Dubliner were friendly.  Full disclosure, I went here to see a friend who works there as a server and had her schedule time wrong.  The staff was super friendly and still got us what we needed, knowing full well that she would be getting any tips from our table.  \n\nThey have an 'early bird special which gives you an option of the Irish fare in smaller portions for a smaller price.  You get a choice of soup or salad and a small dessert with this option, all for $9.95.  A pretty decent deal for all the food you get.\n\nI had the fish and chips early bird special, pretty much the only thing that sounded half appetizing to me.  Irish food is typically quite meaty, so options are always limited at such institutions for me.  They also have Hooegarden on tap which pushed them to the four star rating for me.
Went on a Monday night and it was very quiet as far as people go, but they play punk, ska, and similar on the speakers. After sports were over (around 10), the barkeep put on some Japanese gore movie on the DVD that was very entertaining. Prices seemed fair, even cheap. Very friendly bartender and seemed like a great place to just hang out with friends and play pool or chat. Probably wouldn't go here on a busier night like a weekend but it was nice tonight. And, bonus, they have absinthe!
It isn't trendy.  It isn't fancy.  The chef isn't famous.  It is just plain good.\n\nI like Red Devil.  It is one of those places where ordering way too much pizza on purpose in order to enjoy it again for lunch the next day is perfectly normal and A-OK.  The service is consistently friendly, attentive, and happy to offer menu suggestions.  \n\nI can't comment on their wide variety of main dishes (which all look appetizing), because I can never tear myself away from the pizza.  What goes great with that pizza?  The Antipasto salad is fantastic - loaded with meats, cheese and even my favorite artichoke hearts.  A small is more than ample for two people to share.  Save some of that Italian dressing (presented on the side) to use as a dipping sauce for your pizza crust.  Instant breadsticks!  Speaking of pizza, Red Devil's graces a thin yet doughy crust with tangy sauce and generous evenly-distributed toppings.  My favorite, pepperoni and mushroom, tastes wonderful when re-heated for lunch the next day too!\n\nGo, sit in one of the bar's padded booths.  Enjoy an adult beverage or two (there are typically drink specials of some kind or another) and order a pizza big enough to take some home.  :)
I did write an update giving 5 stars but then we went tonight and I had to take it back. We ordered an appetizer, salad, and sandwich to share plus a burger for our two year old. It all came out at the same time. That is a huge pet peeve of mine at restaurants, Our table was so full we had no room for our plates, we had to eat the hot sandwich first, then the hot appetizer (which was almost cold by that time) and then the salad. And try to keep the hot plates away from our kiddo. Not cool. How difficult is it for them to understand, one dish at a time in a timely manner unless otherwise specified. Still love it there, next time we will have to ask and be more specific.
I met a friend here for brunch on Sunday, and it was a good breakfast spot. It was CRAZY busy though! But, it's order at the counter style, so no matter how busy it is, you can get your order in. Then the only problem is finding a table. We finally got one, but it was RIGHT by the main entrance, so not the best feng shui. \n\nPROS: The patio is dog-friendly, it's a happening spot, they have a unique menu, and you can get your order in right away.\n\nCONS: Parking is a nightmare. It's really packed. They call your name when your order is ready and it's IMPOSSIBLE to hear them call you when it's busy, so if you're not waiting right by the kitchen, your food will get cold! Mine did. Also, strangely, the tables do not have salt and pepper on them...so...um...bring your own??? idk. I like to put salt and pepper on my eggs, but there wasn't any on the table! Also, NO HOT SAUCE! I asked the woman at the counter for hot sauce, and she seemed surprised! She said to ask the people at the coffee counter....weird. Um...no...they did not have any hot sauce at the coffee counter. I'd still go back again, but I would just bring salt, pepper, and hot sauce!
I've been here a lot, but I've always had the broken rice dish.  I brought my parents here while they were visiting to get their take on it.  \n\nThe broken rice dishes are all great.  The menu might look giant, but all the dishes are just slight variations of each other.  If you had broken rice with about 11 different things you can get on it... just imagine the different variations of menu items you can write.  \n\nMy dad had the bi suon ta hu ky which is shredded pork, pork chop, and a tofu skin wrap filled with shrimp.  He really liked it and said it reminded him of something that he would get in northern cali.\n\nMy mom and I ordered dishes that are really hard to find at other restaurants.  She had these little rice vermicelli pattie noodles with some pork and a fish sauce topping.  She said the vermicelli was a little dry, but the pork was really good.\n\nI had the banh canh which is an udon like noodle in a  a light pork broth.  The broth was really good.  I think it's better than the one next door (unphogettable).  If you look at the broth, it's crystal clear which is something that's hard to do.  \n\nPricing is really fair with around 7.99 a dish that would have anyone walking away really full.\n\nI give it only 4 stars, because the tea situation really weirds me out.  They pour tea in a tall glass that would be used for water.  The glass was really hot, and it cooled down really quickly.  My mom even asked if they had a pot of tea, and they said no.  She said a pot of tea would stay warm longer and taste a lot better.\n\nOverall I would definitely come here and eat anytime while I'm grocery shopping.  I've actually made my way to this place after a long night of drinking to cure the blues.
After hitting up Club Cream.. We walked over to this joint.... never really been around Scottsdale... especially not for the club scene... but that quickly changed over the weekend \n\nyou could hear the music blasting from across the street... people pouring out of the doors and the front patio... looked like a great time... \n\nand No Cover!! :) we were happy to try it out.... \n\nit reminded me of a pub... it was really crowded with people so i couldnt really tell what was on the walls or anything like that... but the bar was wooden and there was alot of seating :) that made me happy :)\n\ni didn't drink so I'm not sure if it was cheap or not... \n\nbut they played great music non stop... and there were really chill down to earth people hanging out... with is hard to come by out in Scottsdale.... so it was fun... \n\ni even got to see a grown man grind on the stripper pole in the back by the DJ stand... haha WOW... yea wow explains it all... he was doing the robot at one time to... i should have told him to go over to Club Cream lol.... \n\nthe bathroom was decent... but could have been cleaner... (paper towels were the decor') \n\nit was a fun time... i would like to go back in the future :)
A great all-around stadium to watch the game.  With the exception of a few spaces on the lawn, there are no bad seats in the house, and the stadium still has a great classic baseball look to it.\n\nWe always opt for the lawn seats.  Let's be honest, most people that sit in the lawn of this stadium never watch more than 5 pitches.  It is a people-watching, party scene.  If you are lucky enough to get there a bit earlier, get a good spot on the lawn, and you can enjoy the best of both - baseball & people.\n\nWhat I really love about this park is the food / beer.  How can you not enjoy a San Fran game without a classic San Fran Beer - Anchor Steam and Garlic Fries from Gordon Biersch.  Minus the heat, you feel like you are right in the bay area.  Plus, you can smell the fries cooking 3 sections over.\n\nIf you are an autograph junkie, they usually have a good (but repetitive) line up of old stars behind 3rd base signing autographs.\n\nParking is limited directly around the park, but you can usually snake a spot in a neighborhood or park in Old Town and take the trolley or walk.\n\nA HUGE knock on this park - ticket prices.  Just about everywhere else in AZ you can get a lawn seat for a spring training game around $8.  At the Scottsdale Stadium - $19.25!  They also do flex-pricing here, which means if a popular team (Dodgers / Cubs) are there the ticket prices will go up.\n\nIf you are new to AZ, and want to see a game, you can't go wrong here.  Plus, afterward, most people spill right into old town to keep the party going!\n\n* This spring training, I took on an aggressive goal.  Go to all 10 Spring Training Parks & see all 15 teams in one spring training season, and do it all on the weekends (FRI-SUN).  This review is a part of 10 total reviews.
We had gotten a gift card for the FOX restaurants. We had about 6 restaurants from which to choose. I decided on the North - Glendale. We made reservations for 6:45 and arrived about 10 min early. They were not busy yet and we were seated at that time. Our waiter was Matthew a very energetic and helpful person. He told us about the special and answered the questions we had for entr\u00e9es we were considering. My wife decided on the Margherita Pizza and me on the Ahi Tuna. Their pizza is on a very thin crust which is how we prefer it. The Ahi was ordered rare. When our order arrived the waiter said he thought the Ahi may be a little more cooked than I had ordered and offered to take it back if I wanted one less cooked. It was cooked more than I would have liked but I told him it was fine. It was a very nice piece of meat. We had great service. Matthew was very attentive but not overly attentive. All our needs were met and we will definitely go back. The staff is a great group of people. Oh the pizza was very good and more than most would eat at one setting.
Solid, solid, solid Chinese! Period. If you are looking for authentic or close to--low and behold, the Great Wall! \n\nIf you don't believe me, come here on the Weekends between 10am and 12pm.  The sheer number of folks trying to find seats and the hustling and bustling from the staff would easily overwhelm your craving thoughts!\n\nDim Sum is the alternative to the usual brunch of waffles and hash browns.  Why have a sausage link when you can suck on chicken feet? Don't worry, not everything is that exotic.  Most items they carry are very feasible and safe.\n\nDinner is also another epic adventure in itself! The menu is very extensive and could take you a couple of hours to finally decide on something.  Or you can make it easier for your party by asking for the family menu that contains a set of items they recommend.  This route is typically cheaper and feed more if you have a large group.  If you are adventurous, ask for the family menu that is Chinese! Can't read, server can help translate.\n\nSeafood is always fresh as they have live tanks in the restaurant.  Service is usually quick.  It always amazes me how fast I get my food sometimes!\n\nI used to come here a lot for wedding receptions and other festivities.  Do not be surprised if you arrive and half the dining space is occupied.\n\nI would come here over those buffets any day of the week.  I would recommend dining with a large group to not only help with the cost but be able to chow on more dishes.
I tried to hit this place with Julie P. on opening day, but traffic was backed up from the entrance all the way to 29th Ave, along Indian School Rd. We retreated to another supermercado, our dreams of tacking a whack at the opening day pi\u00f1ata completely dashed.\n\nFortunately, Helen Y. and i were combing the area before going to Tim Finnegans, so we checked it out. The layout is almost identical to the Ranch Market on 16th st. and Roosevelt, with the same amazing produce and aguas frescas. The seafood bar isn't as snazzy, and I'm not sure they have grab 'n'  go containers of salsa -- you can buy it by the pound at the salsa bar, which would take an extra 30 seconds or so. \n\nWhat's cool about this location (besides being a ten minute drive from the Melrose District), is that the Costco Business Center shares the parking lot, and they sell dirt-cheap restaurant supplies. A trip to both places could outfit a barren fridge and kitchen for about 18 bucks. Since I plan to cook five nights a week until things turn around, 33rd Ave. and Indian School is recession-busting headquarters.
If you want pretty decent Chicago style pizza, then you need to come here. The ambiance is casual and the decor kind of old school which I like. The wine we ordered was named after someone very near and dear to my heart so of course we ordered it and it was middle of the road. Nothing terrible but nothing special. Then we started with the wings. The flavor was delicious but the execution seemed like they were boiled or something. Too soft for the way wings should be. No big though, just took them home. Then pizza was yummy! I was truly impressed with the crust! It was cooked to the ideal crispness and softness that a deep dish should be. The flavor profile was fantastic! I worked in a kitchen making pizza for a while so I know what is good. The cheese was stringy and hot like it should be and there were plenty of thinky sliced pepperoni just the way I like it. I'm not so sure the staff cares as much as the cooks but I enjoyed my time there.
Went here only once, but it left a fairly strong impression.  I'd recently discovered Yelp and found myself taking notes through the whole thing about things I wanted to say - then I threw that away and decided to go w/ my gut.  I mention that, because it feel like that's what this place is like - someone originally had this list of the detailed things that needed to be included, then they just sort of scraped that and did something in between.  It wants to be upscale (to pay the rent and bring in the chicks) but in the end it's a bar with tons of beer and upscale bar food.  When it comes to food (this is where the list comes in) they have everything - burgers, sandwiches, pizzas, seafood, chicken fried chicken, mac & cheese, rice bowl, steaks, ribs and a bevy of desert options.  I mean - really?  What made you decide you needed to tackle a menu that big?  Trying to compete w/ Cheesecake factory?  Pricing is about the same as well - but serving sizes are not. These are smaller.\n\nI'll be honest - the food was pretty good.  Our server was particularly helpful in helping the guys plow their way through the beer lists.  They didn't sing for his birthday (BIG plus!) but they totally respected that it was a special occasion dinner.  As the night went on, my brother's only complaint was that for a place that specialized in beer, the bathroom shouldn't have been so far away from where folks sit - located by the front door.  I thought that was a noble observation, even if he was slurring a bit as he mentioned it...
Touch of Thai is probably the best I've found so far in the Valley.  Satay is the ultimate gauge of a Thai restaurant IMHO, if your satay sucks you've just tarnished my opinion of your entire establishment.  Is it fair?  Maybe so, maybe not but I got my standards!!\nTheirs is pretty good, their noodle dishes (pad see u, pad kee mau, etc,) are also good choices.  I am a big fan of spicy food and their menu does not disappoint in that regard when I specify that I like it HOT!!!\nHave fun!  And a Singha!
This afternoon I decided to have lunch @ Stacy's. It was recommended by a friend and since they just opened a 2nd location across the street from where I reside I figured I had no excuse, plus I had just watched a Travel Channel special on the Best BBQ Spots across the country, so I was definitely in the mood.\nI ordered their Lunch Special #1, choice of sandwich, (I chose the Beef Brisket), choice of side (Sweet Fries) and a fountain drink for about $9. It was very tasty, their bbq sauce is unlike anything I have ever tasted, (sweet and smoky) I knew as soon as I finished my first bite that it was a flavor that I would find myself craving in the future. The sweet fries were also very good. \nMy only knock on the food was the bun that the sandwich was served on, basically a regular sesame seed hamburger bun, It cheapened the sandwich in my opinion, which is a shame because it was soooo good. I'll definitely be back for 2nds and 3rds but would love to get my sandwich on a higher quality bun. Good Luck w/ the new location!!
I read all the reviews are they are not good, so why do I like this place? It's old fashioned, the service was great - just nice and polite. It takes a bit longer to get your food (it's a good thing). Open kitchen. The burger was super messy in a yummy way. The meat was not a perfect flat circle it actually seemed like real beef. I drank a full sugar cherry coke and it was worth every calorie. I got the skinny fries, not because I thought they had less calories but I like skinny stick fries that are crispy and they were. \nI got a medium fatburger with cheese & grilled onions, medium skinny fries, drink, the kid got: small fatburger with cheese, fat fries and milk shake. It came to a little over $20. \nThe only thing that would improve is beer. The only negative is a bit too salty but that might be why it was so good too.
I had never heard much about Eddie's House so I was skeptical when I was invited to dinner. I was in for a lovely surprise. \n\nMy table started out with the Toasted Horseradish-Mashed Potato Stuffed Shrimp and the Grilled Honey-Spiced Chicken Lollipops. While the lollipops were a hit, the stuffed shrimp had a bit too much horseradish. The best part of the shrimp was the funny faces that ensued after the horseradish kicked in. The bread was also good, accompanied by a pesto and blue cheese butter.\n\nBetween the five of us we ordered the Tuna and Halibut, Chilean Chilean Sea Bass, and Swordfish. While all of the meals were delicious, the Sea Bass really stood out.\n\nFinally, for dessert we ordered the Cr\u00e8me Br\u00fbl\u00e9e and a Chocolate Chip cookie dough Tiramisu . The Tiramisu was delicious and unique!\n\nWe were also impressed by the service. Not only was our waitress patient and helpful, but Eddie's wife came over to check on us twice. She was really nice and wanted to make sure everything was to our liking - great service!\n\nI am already looking forward to returning to Eddie's House.
"""While I'm reviewing pho's, I'll give my review on Cyclo. This is where I'd take that cute Vietnamese babe I met last week. It has great atmosphere and the food is awesome. I ate here about a week ago and had their pho bowl and it was one of the best I have tried in the valley, I really loved it. The girl who seated us was really nice and gave an enjoyable contribution to the dining experience. Yes this place cost almost twice what I pay across town but worth it with the right company. My brother and I ate here and we both agreed we would probably not eat here together much but we will both be eating here again. AKA we thought this was alot better place to take a girl or a business associate than our fav pho in the area to have lunch together.  Cyclo has a more upscale atmosphere than the average pho and we both thought the food is above average.\nI don't agree with another reviewers post that the portions here are small. I had one appetizer with a pho bowl and left full.  I'm 6'3\ 230 and like to eat ALOT and my brother who is shorter but heavier than me was complaining he ate too much after we left. One of the best phos in the east valley!"""""""
I stumbled upon this restaurant when performing a Yelp search for Ceviche in Mesa the other day.\n\nI was a little skeptical due to some of the low ratings, but we decided to enter the humble looking venue, in the primitive looking strip mall.\n\nWe were immediately greeted and seated by a lovely hostess / server. She was extremely attentive and informative, as we were not familiar with Pupusas or much of the other Salvadorian Cuisine.\n\nWe ordered and shared the Shrimp Ceviche, which was garnished with fresh Avocado and Cucumbers. The freshly fried tortilla chips were very tasty, and the ceviche was a little more on the sweet side vs. the typical intense lime flavor. It was very fresh tasting, and we both really enjoyed it.\n\nWe were given a lesson in what Pupusas are, and asked our lovely waitress to pick three of her favorite choices and send them out. She chose Carne Asada, Chicharon with beans, and the last one was not quite identified, but was very tasty.\n\nBefore bringing out the Pupusas, she dropped off a small bowl of a red sauce, and a bowl of spicy cabbage, which were meant to be used as toppings for the Pupusas.\n\nWe both thought that the Pupusas were very simple, yet tasty. The spicy cabbage and red sauce as toppings really added flavor to the Pupusas.\n\nWe were impressed with what we perceived to be authentic Salvadorian Cuisine, so we ordered one last dish. \n\nWe had to try the fried Plantains, served with a black bean sauce, and Crema. The plantains were fried to perfection with nice caramelization. The black bean sauce was interesting, and the cream was a little on the salty side, rather than sweet as I would have expected. It is small details such as these which led us to believe that the food was authentic.\n\nDon't let the other reviews mislead you if you are looking for a fresh, authentic experience. \n\nIf you want a fancy location with beer and wine, then forget about it. This place is all about giving an authentic, down to earth, culinary experience to those who seek quality without the distraction of interior design.  :)
"""As an East Coast 1st generation Italian, I was very excited to see a more casual version of Aiello's open very close to me, and on my way home from work no less.  I can tell this place will be trouble for my waistline.\n\nSalumeria means a store that sells cold cuts, meats, etc.  Aiello's does that and more.  I've only had a sampling of their food so far and just based on the Sfogliatelle in the dessert case, I'm in love.\n\nCaprese Paninni - absolutely delightful focaccia bread, fresh mozzarella, basil that smelled and tasted like it had just been picked and juicy tomatoes.  Divine.\n\nAnitpasto Salad - real Italian meats and cheeses, not those weird little sliced bundles of rolled up American meats and cheeses like you find at other places.  This salad was peppered with whole slices of imported Italian meats and a beautiful blend of greens and artichoke hearts.\n\nArancini - OK, I love these!  My Mom used to make them occasionally so I was thrilled to find them on their menu.  It's delicious!  A huge stuffed ball of rice in tomato sauce.  Way too big for me to finish so I am enjoying it for breakfast as I type this.\n\nNow, to the item that will most get me in trouble!\nSfogliatelle - In Italian this word means \many leaves\"""" and that is what this pastry looks like. Some call it Lobster Tails..I call it by it's traditional name.  You have an option of two different fillings.  One is similar to cannolli filling...YUM.....the other is a sweet ricotta with citron...DOUBLE  YUM....  At almost 500 calories a pop, I'll really have to restrain myself or hit bootcamp twice a day!  Honestly haven't had Sfogliatelle this good since I left the East Coast.\n\nAiello's Salumeria, I will be back and am very much looking forward to it.  There's nothin' better than a little midweek Italian foodgasm!"""""""
The place is beautifully decorated and the food was AMAZING. I would totally go back for more of their delicious nachos. Loved the fresh salsa and the presentation was gorgeous. Will definitely leave room to try dessert next time. \n\nThe server, Daniel? was wonderful! He did a great job.\n\nI would love to give them 5 stars but there are some kinks they have to work out - what new business doesn't? \n\nThey would hands down have 5 or more stars if they had:\n\n* A sign - people need to know if they are in the right place.\n* Clear hours online and on the door and adhere to them. Every minute counts when it is insanely hot and people are on very limited lunch breaks.\n* Open/closed sign. \n* Cross-trained staff so even if the server is not there yet people can be served.\n* Decreased wait time between being seated and receiving water/menus.\n* A bell or something at the door so they hear customers coming.
Super friendly, great service, came in just before they stop serving Dim Sum at 3:00PM on a Saturday and chef was willing to make some for us on short notice.  \n\nA picture menu and ordering of a list like a sushi menu instead of having a cart roll out to you was neat.  And the picture menu really helped out my linner partner.  So we were able to get all the dishes we wanted delivered out to our table in one go which I found convenient.  \n\nThe Dim Sum was well executed, not greasy, and the price is right.   I'd rate it about the same level as House of Sifu in Chandler.   But bellow Great Wall or Golden Buda the the other 3 major Dim Sim places in the valley.
Los Olivos Norte is the North Scottsdale outpost of the original, located in Old Town.  This is your basic, everyday (American) Mexican food place.  Fajitas, combination platters, chips & salsa, etc. etc.  While Los Olivos Norte is not going to blow your socks off, it is good, typical Mexican food.  I give it four stars because I am a Mexican food addict.  If you do a good job (and they do), I'm going to be a fan.\n\nThe service here is QUICK.  Chips and salsa (plus a free bean dip!) came out immediately.  They were quick to take our order and the food was out, fresh and hot, about 10 minutes later.  Again, the food isn't going to change your life, but it is tasty and does the job.
I have been here when it was still a buffet when they first opened. I wasn't too thrilled as it was like any other buffet. The only cool thing I thought was the ice cream selection. \n\nWell that was then this is now...\n\nOn a very hungry late evening a fellow yelper Clifford and I were gonna meet up for some Chinese food. We were headed to our favorite spot on the east side. When I got there it was 5 min from closing and Clifford was still 15 min away. After discussing some options I made it down to Dobson and Warner to find Phoenix Palace open till 10. After giving Clifford a ring we met up there and gave it a shot. \n\nUpon entering I noticed that the place was empty, but not common on a monday night and with all the other places in the area closing early the complex is usually dead by 9. The place no longer having any buffet tables and many of the awful decor gone it could be promising. \n\nSeeing that their menu had some of my favorite dishes I thought I give it a shot. So some Spicy Salt and Pepper Pork Chop, Salted Fish Fried Rice and Beef Stew Hotpot. \n\nWow! Were we surprised with the food, especially this late at night. The pork chops were well seasoned to how they should be and very crispy on outside and juicy on the inside. The beef stew was wonderful, the meat was well cooked and the large pieces of the green onion was a great touch of flavor. The salted fish fried rice was not so great, it was very under seasoned and the portions for the fish and chicken were not a large as some places are with this dish. \n\nOn my second visit I tried a different fried rice dish and same thing very under seasoned. It seems like that the chef has very strong dishes and some other dishes are not so strong. I have yet to try the dim sum but i'm sure this is going to be very good as well.
Wait...they have food here? You mean people don't just come to drink martinis and hit on each other?  \nHmmm. I had no idea!  Okay maybe I did, but if you've ever been in the bar area, you know exactly what I'm talking about. Wall to wall people- almost uncomfortably so- and they all look like they've just stepped out of a salon or Gucci. Come 5pm, Sapporo turns into a big, well-dressed meat market. \nBut if you actually do make it to the dining area or a cooking table, the food is fantastic. The prices are high, so don't expect to leave without a big bill, but Sapporo is always a good time and definitely the place to see and be seen pretty much any night of the week.
What an awesome restaurant concept! Every dish is labeled with major allergens and everything is healthy & delicious.\n\nThe cocktails tantalize your tastebuds and the main courses were delicious! The skinny baked sweet potato fries were the best I've had.\n\nMy main course was the Herb Crusted Barramundi. It was amazing!  I had never had this fish, but it was mild and moist and so yummy! Everything tasted so fresh.\n\nIf you looking for a healthy restaurant, you have to give Nourish a try!
Dear Chick Fil A \nThank you for providing a bountiful lunch today. \nI heart dipping my waffle fries in your honey. \nYour 3 piece chicken strip meal can **almost** do no wrong. While I appreciate your use of real chicken, I do not really appreciate the greasy chicken glaze you leave on my fingers when I feast upon you. \nI appreciate you for having diet Dr. Pepper and bunny turd ice! \nAlso, though I did not get the cole slaw today, it must be acknowledged! I am picky about my slaw, and yours is damn tasty! \nSo thank you chick fil a! You are minutes away from my work and saved me from starving at my desk today!
"""I was turned on to this Tearoom by my good friend Cindy.   The place is small and very darling.  You walk in and immediately are greeted by the owner of one of three other women who work there faithfully.  The decor is very Victorian.  There is a wide variety of beautiful China tea cups, pots and teas for sale as well as many other items to compliment a formal tea at your home.\n\nWhen you enter and are seated, you will find beautifully laid tables.  The table is laid out for a formal tea.   They offer everything from fresh, out of the oven scones to the traditional tiered plate offerings of finger sandwiches, cheese and fruit.  If you are wanting something more substantial, I would recommend their bread pudding (to die for!) or their beautiful Waldorf salad.  The food is very fresh, prepared well, and presented well.   The selections of tea are vast and they also offer a tea of the day just to keep the variety going.\n\nWhile there, you are offered to \dress up\"""" if you so desire.  A darling array of Boas and Hats are offered to guests to use while dinning.  They are great for pictures and make a special event all the more festive.\n\nBesides the ambiance, the food is always of excellent quality.  Fresh, and the best of everything is used.  Please save room for dessert!  You won't want to miss their traditional English offerings.\n\nMy only complaint with the place is that the tables, chairs, and room are small.  There isn't much room to move, and the tables are packed together pretty tight.  If you are any bigger than 5'2\"""" and 100 lbs, you will be uncomfortable in their chairs.  Very small and not good on the back.  If you are wanting a darling experience with a Tea Room, with excellent food, you won't be disappointed.\n\nDuring the peak season you will want to make reservations.  With a small amount of tables, they fill up fast and are a favorite in the Carefree area.  Enjoy!"""""""
The hubs and I attended the musical Hair at Gammage this past Tuesday (thanks Yelp!). We came straight from work and were in need of some dinner. \n\nThis Chipotle happens to be right across the street. Awesometown. \n\nThe place was slam packed. There wasn't one free seat inside or out. So we got in line anyway hoping for a place to sit. I told the hubs what I wanted in the event that I saw a table free up so I could swoop in on it. And swoop I did! \n\nEverything was good, as always. It was my first time going to this one, and most likely wont go back considering how ridiculously busy it was, I don't like to have to street fight people for a place to eat my dinner.
Now don't let my profile picture fool you, I am not, in the traditional sense, a Mexican. Shocking, I know. But, I do know my Mexican food, and Los Favoritos is awesome! Wonderful in fact. Delicious, cheap, clean and delicious.\n\n  This morning I got a bacon breakfast burrito with beans inside, and if you don't know, their breakfast burritos are their bread and butter, the money maker, and they never disappoint. The only problem you may ever have is the bacon being a little salty, and even then the always incredible hot sauce (or salsa, whatever) is there to save the day. The carne asada is very good, seasoned well and almost always very tender, the beans, which are cooked with wonderful, wonderful lard, are always just firm enough, never just a pile of mush, never watery, the chicken is juicy and tender, I just can't say enough about it. The only negative I have is that one of the counter girls is a bit rude, and there is a military service recruitment center right next door, so at times you may be bothered a little by them, but come on, they're serving our country, so it can be forgiven. \n\n  Los Favoritos is the best fast Mexican restaurant that I have discovered so far. Do yourself a favor and give them a visit, at either location (Tempe, Chandler) and tell them Kevin sent you, they'll probably just look at you funny, but why not?
This was my second visit here-- my first visit was a few years ago, the last time I was in the Phoenix metro area. There are so many good Mexican places here that knowing which one(s) to visit can be a bit overwhelming, so I rely on the locals to give me tips.\n\nMy sisters have lived in AZ since 1995 and this is one of their fave Mexican places in the West Valley. One thing I must comment on is their salsa. I LOVE THE SALSA AT MANUEL'S. I'm a fiend for good salsas and Manuel's has some of the best around, in my opinion. The food is fresh, decent Mexican, though pretty Americanized by my standards. It's served by friendly people. Gets busy here on weekend nights but definitely worth a visit.
So I tried this place today and I was extremely impressed!  I'd had tortas before at a couple of the 'bertos places and while they were okay, they were nothing spectacular.  This place was delicious.  Everything on the menu sounded pretty good, but I ended up with the cubana torta and an alambre taco.  While the tacos was very small, it was very good.  The cubana torta was very good as well.  It was humongous!!!  I couldn't even finish the whole thing and I'm a girl that can eat, trust me, I'm from Texas!!!  It was full of meat and it had lots of avocado on it, which I loved.  Let me just warn you about the avocado looking sauce on the salsa bar.  That stuff is hot.  It's good, but it's very, very hot!  Just looking at it, you would think it wold be a mild sauce since it looks like a creamy avocado, but believe me, this is not for people that can't stand the heat!  It took me aback for a second because I seriously wasn't expecting that type of heat.  I still have a bit of sweat on my brow from it right now as I type this review.  Overall, this place is very good and I can't wait to try the quesadillas because they look pretty darn good themselves.  I also have to say the people that work there are very nice and friendly as well.  Bottom line, this place is excellent and I will definitely go back in the near future!
Linen's Plus, the store that was perfect for me closed.  The staff here has gone out it's way to accommodate me and I appreciate it.  It's a smaller store and they have been out of things I am looking for.  They have always offered to have things sent in for me or at least find it in another store so I can pick it up that day if I need it.\n\n Since I lost the store where I shopped enough that the magnetic strip was worn off my credit card, I have discovered Bed,  Bath,  and Beyond, does carry a wider range of products than I would have known otherwise.  The staff is for the most part, very knowledgeable about their stock.\n\nA special compliment to this store.  Occasionally I shop for a friend using her Amex card.  This store always checks ID's and if your picture isn't on the card, they won't ring you up!  How often does anyone even check let alone stick to the store policy.
This was my first time at Roy's and I have to say I was pretty impressed. Our server was awesome (I believe her name was Kelani) she did a great job of answering all of our questions. I started off with the Hawaiian martini and my fiance had the cucumber cilantro margarita both were very good and unique although kind of pricey. We then had the Asian soft tacos which weren't personally my favorite however John loved them. I ordered the macadamia nut crusted mahi mahi and originally when it came out it was super salty I could barely taste anything else at all. I let our waitress know and she was very quick to fix the issue and brought me out a whole new plate and it was amazing, nice, flaky, and moist it had great flavor. I had also ordered a side of the pesto risotto and that was tasty as well. John ordered the white truffle and black pepper sea scallops which were cooked to a perfect medium as he had asked also served with the risotto. Both meals were so good we had to force ourselves to stop eating just to save room for the pineapple upside down cake which was to DIE for. It was made fresh to order and served with homemade coconut ice cream(which I could of ate a whole bowl of alone lol) Overall I had a great experience here and while there was a little mishap with the mahi mahi at first they were quick to fix it and the manager even came by and apologized and took care of our dessert for us.
The Mongolian BBQ craze is a reminent of the 80's that will not wither away.  Every so often I get nostalgic and pursue my hunger cravings.  When this happens, the Genghis Grill is a great solution.  The location is ideal: close enough to the mall for easy access; far away enough to park your car.\n\nThe restaurant itself is clean and the food is fresh.  The staff is courteous and helpful with suggestions.  The actual meal is delicious, but sometimes I get impatient waiting for the fool in front of me to figure out whether he/she needs two or three carrots and spends two minutes figuring it out when all I want to do is eat!\n\nThe meat selection is great: seafood, steak, chicken, etc.  Plenty of veggies and sauces.  The trick is to fit as much uncooked food into the bowl.  That is the part I hate.  I usually end of spilling something, or at the very least try to balance the food so it makes it to the cook in one piece.\n\nI will gladly recommend this place for lunch or dinner.
"""I hate that places are using \z\"""" at the ends of words instead of \""""s.\""""  Are you doing it to be clever?  Because everyone does it, so it isn't clever.  But clever is not in high supply at any of these newfangled yogurt places--what it really comes down to is whether or not the yogurt is tasty.\n\nAnd it is!  They had more of a selection than Mojo, which I appreciate--they had chocolate/vanilla, strawberry, banana, a couple of non-dairy choices, and so on.  I got strawberry with... cheesecake bits.  And they were so creamy and delightful that each was a little foodgasm all its own.\n\n\nComplaints: Um... where is the trust? The worker did not give us cups to taste--he insisted on serving the yogurt to us himself, even for tasters.  At Golden Spoon this makes sense because we cant reach the machines, but here it's self serve! You trust us to get a ton of yogurt but not a sample size?  He didn't really get what I was saying so he gave me a non-dairy toasted almond tester which I had to choke down to not be rude, but I hate non-dairy and I don't like almond so how do you think that made me feel?\n\nHe gave me another tester but it ran out onto his thumb, so I was grossed out.  Does he wash? Presumably, but...\n\nAnyway I realize that's a nitpick *but* it does make for a weird experience.  And... there weren't enough cheesecake bits.  I want enough to fill a garbage can.  A large garbage can.\n\nAnywayyyyyyyy... despite those minor issues I would definitely recommend this place-- yogurt is as good or better as mojo and yogurtland and the selection is definitely better than Mojo."""""""
I have to admit, I was kind of skeptical about this place, but it turned out pretty damn good. It was a Saturday night and the place was completely empty for most of our meal, which usually is a sign that you should run out the door as quickly as you can, but we stuck it out and I had some really really good pork tenderloin. It was a tad on the pricey side and it felt a little creepy being the lone couple in a room that seats 200 people, but the trade-off was some extra-good service.\n\nI'd go back, sure.
I love this place. It's great for the following reasons:\n\n1) super chill, laid back feel\n2) AWESOME jukebox\n3) cheap drinks!!\n4) you can actually have a conversation in there\n\nSo to go in a little more detail about point number 3... my first time there, I ordered my regular at a new place, whiskey and coke. The bartender pulled out a pint glass, filled it 3/4 full with whiskey, and charged me the price that small dixie cup drink at any bar in scottsdale would run you. FANTASTIC!\n\n'nuff said.
"""whoa man....i thought these types of places were way over priced for \organic\"""" food....thus i never go there (or sprouts or whole foods or anywhere else that makes me feel bad for not eating orgainic and charging me double/triple for the same bananas that come from chile). but man, this place rocks. we got one of their salespapers in the mail this week, and all the produce is so much cheaper. and it looks fresher than my neighborly fry's next door. and cage free eggs were cheaper too....holy toledo. i wouldn't buy my canned goods here, but from now on, sunflower is THE place for us when it comes to veggies and fruits!!!"""""""
This Ace is close to my home and they usually have everything I need as well as staff members who know what they are talking about.  The person I like to work with most is Sam.  He really does a great job of helping me find what I need and suggesting better ways to do perform a task if my initial description is incorrect.  \n\nThe rest of the staff is helpful and courteous and the prices are in line with any other place I visit for home projects.
Eat lunch and chill out, perfect! \n\nI'd never heard of Rumbi until I got some coupons in the mail (yeah, I said coupons, I'm not ashamed to use them) So I figured we would give it a shot since we were burnt out on all the other local convenient eateries. \n\nIt was cool and calm (as in not bustling with people making your lunch suck) inside, I liked the island decor for a change, it was hip, but the best part was the reggae beats pumping through the speakers, LOVED it! \n\nThey have several bowls, salads, wraps, sandwiches and burgers to choose from. \nBut what do they have for vegans you ask? \n\nWell this Vegan got the Organic Tofu bowl (see pics), with teriyaki sauce and the Rumbi rice which is rice and red beans simmered in coconut milk, so delicious! I got the half size and it was still two portions for me. \nA lot of food lightly dressed in the sauce with zucchini, carrots, celery and broccoli that was not overcooked. \n\nIt was much fresher, much tastier and not greasy compared to a Pei Wei bowl. \n\nWe shared some Rumbi fries too(see pics), half sweet potato and half regular, solid choice, nice and crisp. \n\nThe staff was extremely friendly and accommodating and the restaurant was very clean.\n\nIt's nice to know I have another accidentally vegan option out there, I will go back.
Just cashed in our groupons for these bad boys a few weeks ago and had a great time, even if it did mean getting up before 8 a.m. on a Sunday. The staging site near 4 Peaks was easy to find and the company provided all the gear we'd need-- helmets, goggles, water, confidence, you name it. Luckily it had just rained the night before so instead of dust flying everywhere, we got splashed with mud. I'd rather get muddy and have some great views of the Valley sans pollution than ride through a constant cloud of dust, a la Pigpen.\n\nThe guide was super experienced and he let some of the faster riders up towards the front and the slower riders in the back so people could go at their own pace. We of course managed to get squashed in the middle behind a couple who couldn't decide whether they wanted to be speed racers or terrified school girls. That kinda put the kibosh on us really letting loose, but we still managed to pick up some speed along the way and really enjoy the trail. Since we weren't allowed to bring anything with us, the guide provided water and even took our pictures so we could download them later. \n\nAll in all, I'd definitely recommend Stellar Adventures if you're looking for a little half-day trip or want to treat some out-of-town guests. It's a little pricey though, even with the groupons, but worth the splurge if you're up for a little action.
What a great addition to this city. A german style beer house with it's own beer garden and a graffiti wall that changes every four months. A great food menu and even better beer selection. I definitely want to get a large group of friends together to go here and have our own little Oktoberfest any time of year. The only downside was the service, the waiter looked like he would rather be anywhere else in the world. He never smiled.
"""Thank you lttle frog! Finally a good eats place near Harkins 16 on Bell, never able to eat antwhere close before or after a flick.  On this occasian I did not want to see anything so I dropped the kids off and started yelping to find a place for a quick bite before picking them up.  It was Happy Hour and I ordered pulled pork sliders (comes with two) which were outstanding and served with their ridiculously addicting fries.  I left full and very satisfied, no pun intended!  Two not so good points:  I waited more than a few minutes before I was told \sit wherever you like\"""".  After this the service was prompt and server was very pleasant.  The other thing - in  weather higher than 100 degrees, going inside should be a relief, it was a little warm inside and very few customers.  What happens when the place gets hopping ( no pun thing again)?  I will definately be back with the low carb hubby soon!"""""""
Packed back behind other shops in Old Town Scottsdale, this is a place easily missed but should never be neglected.  The sandwiches offered are both traditional and out of the ordinary.  With a kitchen taking up half the real estate, expect to get friendly with other customers as seating is at a premium in this place.  \n\nThe Reuben is a must for the first-timer, spot-on and delicious with every bite, best enjoyed with a locally brewed on-tap root beer.  I personally recommend the brie-and-pickle with sliced turkey, quite possibly the most delicous sandwich I've ever had from a deli-style restaurant, and equally enjoyed with a frosty on-tap cream soda.\n\nSamples of both the root beer, cream soda, orange cream soda and apple cider are available and all very good.  I wasn't as much a fan of the cide as the rest of the choices, it tasted like a slightly fizzy Martinelli's apple juice.  They also offer all the choices in float form and with exotic syrups such as prickly pear.\n\nA great place to visit in the neighborhood to get a taste of revisiting childhood and a past era.
I went to this place for the very first time on Tuesday to have a business meeting.  It was scenic and beautiful when we sat outside, for being the only 4 people there the service was probably on the slow side.  But we had time to sit and wait, since we had a lot to discuss and it perhaps they were being courteous and letting us talk, but a refill on the drinks would have been great for our parched mouths.\n\nThe burger was really good, I ordered a Kobe Bacon hamburger, which is 8oz of yummy goodness.  Although, I need to watch my weight I opted for sweet potato fries and they were excellent.\n\nThe burger was pricey but reasonable for the area and the Kobe beef, which I've had small portions of steak at other places and have paid a fortune for it.  \n\nNone the less, if you are there with friends, they will enjoy the view and the atmosphere.
"""Let me be honest. I'm kind of a snob. Maybe that's a dramatic statement to make, I don't know ... All I can say is I never had an interest in going to the old Willo House, which to me looked like a run-down old shack. OK, there it is! Judge me if you will! \n\nI stopped into Hob Nobs on my way to Tucson with a colleague who needed a pick-me-up. Having already had my coffee that morning, I tagged along with the intention of leaving empty-handed. That did not happen.\n\nEverything smelled so delicious, and the environment was warm and cozy ... I ordered a chai tea. \n\nWhile the barista made our drinks, my colleague was chit-chatting with someone else who perhaps was the owner, or at least the manager. \Waffles?\"""" she asked me. \""""Oatmeal?\"""" She had a huge grin and was clearly joking with me. The staff member/owner/manager said, \""""the oatmeal comes with bananas on top.\"""" \n\n\""""Bananas?\"""" I asked. \n\nThey laughed at me.\n\n\""""Well,\"""" I said, \""""If I can take it to go and actually eat it in the car, I'll have some.\"""" \n\nHe made my oatmeal with butter and brown sugar, then topped it with sliced bananas and strawberries. I then added a splurge of half and half. \n\nIt was the best oatmeal I have ever had."""""""
This is not the place for wimpy car, people who do not like dust, or do not like to do a little manual labor.  A nice rock yard that quickly weighs and loads your truck with rock and send you on your way.  The selection is decent, I guess there could always be more, but thee stones they have work with the local environment.\n\nThe y also deliver, but not sure of the minimum requirements.  They have big dump trucks, I think they said 20 tons or so.  That is a lot of rock.
After finding out that my tires needed to be replaced, I decided to shop around a bit for some halfway cheap tires.  My car is a bit pricey when it comes to parts.  Discount Tire ended up being the best price I found.  They even were able to fit me in before the end of the day too (even after showing up around 2).  The service was good and they were able to have my car ready when they said they would.  What more can you ask of a tire shop?
Great new spot for happy hour on Mill.  They opened last year for a while, closed for a few months and then opened back up late last year with new owners I think.  Good drink specials on beer, wine and cocktails.  Great appetizer specials ( $5 prime rib sliders are my favorite) and a cool urban vibe in the bar.  Nice outdoor patio seating and outdoor bar if weather permits.  Bartenders are always friendly.   Dining room is a bit more upscale and I hear the food is good but we haven't done dinner yet, I'll let you know when we do.
Don't be put off by the looks of this small, outdoor restaurant. The food is excellent! \nA few tables surround a large open bar, all with a view of the smallish man-made lake that sits inside an upscale housing development. As we ate, we watched a beautiful sunset over the lake, and also saw a few homeowners guide their boats up to the restaurant's small dock. \nEverything was delicious, from the hot crab and artichoke dip through the entrees to the dessert. I like to try something new, so I ordered salmon tacos with mango salsa and chipotle mayo, My husband is more traditional, so he had the Torpedo -- a man-sized prime rib sandwich with plenty of tender meat. I was tempted by the brie quesdadilla with candied walnuts, and my husband wants to go back for the Southwest pizza. \nAnd for dessert? Get this -- they bring a hibachi to your table so that you can roast marshmallows, dip them in a pot of melted chocolate, then roll them in graham cracker crumbs! Unfortunately, we didn't have time for that luxurious experience as we were on our way to an event, so we got the New York cheesecake with berries to go. \nAround the bar, the crowd was young, with some middle-aged people, and a couple of seniors. But they all were having fun, which made the mood of this small place happy and lively. \nThe place is owned by a husband/wife catering team, so the menu may change with the seasons.
I thought I had the address wrong the first time I went here.  This is a huge corporate complex - where the heck is the sandwich shop?  I decided to give it a shot and parked in the parking garage.  As I walked in I was REALLY taken with the amazing landscaping/fountains/hidden conversation spots all around the outside of the building.  I wanted to get a job in the building so I could eat my lunch outside there every day.  So I walked into the building and... nothing.  No signs of Dagwood's.  Then I realized that right in front of me was an area w/ small tables, a sofa and some nice sitting chairs facing a tv.  I had to ask someone when they walked out if that was Dagwood's.  It was.  So I walked in and went to the side to find that the entrance for Dagwood's is officially at the back of the building - but even there I couldn't find a sign.  \n\nA really amazing selection of sandwiches.  They had SO many options.  And they do breakfast - gotta love that.  The sandwich was good and all, but my favorite part was walking outside to eat (I love Phoenix! - My first time here was November and I've eaten outside in December and January too!) where I found some round shaded tables where I could eat lunch while looking out at their fake-lake with ducks swimming back and forth.  Not bad for 5 minutes away from a very industrial part of Tempe.  If you work in the area, it's definitely worth a stop.
My friends and I went here for Sunday brunch/lunch this past weekend after we found that R&R had a two hour wait. We wandered here by chance and I'm really glad we did. It is such a cute place with warm decor and awesome chandeliers. Totally my style. We were waiting for a table but decided to go ahead and eat at the bar since the table we were at was comfy enough for our group. We ordered a variety of menu items including chilaquiles, a beef torta, the chicken and waffles dish and a side of chipotle honey grits. Everything was to die for! Our bellies were full and happy - always a sign of a good time. Our server, Lauren, was super nice and really helpful. This place was busy but in a good way and I plan on going back for more!
This was my first time that I stayed at any Hyatt Place, and I was pleasantly surprised by the results.\n\nI booked this room through Priceline, when I was determined to finally use their name your own price service.  I bid on a 2.5 star in Tempe for $39/night for two nights.  Total it cost me about $95.   I checked the rates on the website which were $180 a night.  I saved about $260 for the stay. \n\nThe room itself was nice and spacious, and included a living room area, wet bar, desk, and bed room area.  The room was really sleek and modern looking, and the bed was comfortable.  There was also a huge flat screen that was really awesome for watching some tv.  A few negatives were: the bed room and living were separated by a wall extending halfway into the room, that served no purpose; the bathroom was sort of small; the soap and shampoos really smelled terrible.  \n\nThe location of the hotel is good for travelers who are staying overnight near the airport, and close to Tempe, but you definitely need a car.  My room was facing the freeway and noise wasn't an issue.  The hotel itself offered a nice continental breakfast and the staff was very helpful.\n\nI would definitely try to win this on priceline again.
Help!  Escape from the crazies at Spring Training!  Ahhhh... Grimaldi's courtyard is an oasis in the middle of tourist overload.  And the pizza--I mean, the toppings were fine--but the CRUST:  the texture and flavor are outstanding.  It's thin, yet holds up to the goodies on top and stays perfectly crispy. :) The Mediterranean salad is cool and refreshing on a warm, sunny Arizona day.  They make their own desserts from scratch, but I could not eat another bite.  The staff--everyone I met there-- were all great, and so was the service.  Thank you, Yelpers, for guiding me here!
"""I'm all about supporting locally owned businesses.  Louisiana Fried Chicken is one of them.  Located adjacent to South Mountain Community College, a Maricopa colleague of mine mentioned this place as an option for lunch.  (She also mentioned that her brother works there.).  From her mentioned of \fried chicken\"""", it enabled my craving for it for lunch.  \n\nAnd it did not disappoint.  The chicken was flavorful, along with the rice and roll as sides (you can choose either rice or fries).  The best thing I noticed was that unlike your other fried chicken choices (i.e. chains such as Church's and KFC), the chicken was not too greasy.  I appreciate this from a viewpoint of someone who tries to eat healthily, yet allows herself the occasional indulgence.  Well, I didn't feel like I indulged (that much), and more importantly, I didn't feel sick/nauseated afterwards like I normally do when I eat greasy, fried chicken.  \n\nLouisiana Fried Chicken is a must for all you southern cooking lovers.  Plus, the prices are affordable.  Definitely, a quality fast food option."""""""
I am glad to have a Wine/Beer/Liquor superstore in the neighborhood.  Before the only options were along Camelback at AJ's on Central or 44th, and Sportsmans at 32nd.  Don't get me wrong, I am a huge fan of Sportsmans, but Total Wine's selection is second to none.  I have yet to really question their staff on their products, so I cannot speak to their knowledge, but my guess would be that Sportsman's knowledge will still be superior.  The price point at Total wine is absolutely amazing.  It is obvious that they are not marking up their product as much as the other stores are forced to.  They aren't simply taking the money from the consumer, but are passing savings along to the customer.  Great to hear.  I look forward to many purchases at this establishment.
Perfect Sunday lunch.  That's not a bad way to start a review I think.  We went here last Sunday right before going to the movies.  We ordered the Cold Seafood Combo; it was crab legs, peel-n-eat shrimp, clams and oysters. Plenty of food for 2 people.  It was a really slow there but that's fine by me.  The beer was very good and cold. For the meal for 2, plus we each had 2 beers...it was only about $50.   We spoke to the manager and he gave us a coupon for next months Lobsterfest, buy one lobster get one free.  So of course we'll be back.
"""I've been to Mimi's numerous times and the meals and service often have been mediocre. However, I give this particular Mimi's four stars because of the excellent service my family received on our recent visit. Our waitress was perfectly attentive -- not too bothersome, with just the right amount of \popping-in\"""" time to make sure we were happy and content. What sealed the four-star deal was when we left and my sister and I forgot our take-out boxes, our waitress ran out to us to bring them to us.  I was so impressed!  That has NEVER happened.  I give hundreds of kudos to good service, and this was definitely one of those cases.  Oh, and the other great thing about Mimi's: their to-die-for French onion soup.  It's AWESOME!"""""""
Gotta love this place. I just tried Falafel for the first time in my life at Pita Jungle and it is AMAZING! I had the Falafel Pita and my waitress suggested I pair it with their spicy Chipotle sauce to drizzle on top. Their garlic mushrooms are to die for, and the cilantro jalepeno hummus is surprisingly refreshing. Not terribly spicy like I suspected. We went on a Thursday night around 6:30, very busy, chill atmosphere with a live jazz band.
"""Very basic class to have a speeding ticket removed. 4.5 hours went by ssssssllllowwwlllllllllyyyyy! You'd have to be a cyclops to read this slow!\nAnyhow, there is no video and the animation is lame. \n\nAll of the end of each chapter are questions which made up the 2 finals: (1) 25 question version on content and another (20 Question test on environmentals--- like what logo did you see on the page. It's all multiple choice and it's hard not to get 100%. \n\nWould suggest doing this all at once as it obviates the need to recall or re-study the materials. \n\nThese guys did not ding me for extra fees of third party identification. I'm guessing these are gone.\n\nThe school did not notify me that my delay from the Tempe Court and ticket were received, so it does require at least one phone call. \n\nOne last note: Arizona has some weird laws and interesting trivia like \dust storms travel SE to NW\"""". I'm not sure this is actually true, but the McCain-ites believe it, and it was in the trafffic school, and on the net....so, it must be true! :-)"""""""
Great outdoors store that has just about everything.....I have never bought anything here, but has been a great place to take people to sight see.  I have even taken children here to check out the huge fish tanks, stuffed animals(real ones) and all the unique gear that goes along being a hunter, fisher, or outdoors type.  \n\nI am sure the prices are not the best, but you go here for the huge selection of unique tools and equipment that is special to these recreational hobbies.  \nAnyways if I was an outdoors type, hunted, or fished, or just curious on taking up a new hobby this is a place to check out.
i do love me some mini golf, even though i am not that good. lol. but hey its all for fun right??!! it was pretty crowded for a saturday but then again its getting warmer so i didnt expect any less from it. prices aren't too bad. and there are 2 different courses to choose from i believe. it seemed even more crowded because of the water park, so if you dont like screaming children running around then stay away! the course we chose was a little slow but it got moving once everyone got their games going. usually when i play i dont keep score because im not that competitive, but my boyfriend kept score and that only made me want to kick his butt, but that didnt happen because i get in this mindset of how im gonna totally win and yeah. lol. but i cant wait to go back again. this place is definitely good for parties too. they have a pretty good size arcade inside as well as a food place to get like hot dogs, hamburgers, pizza, etc. the water park also looked fun and since i hear it gets to be like 120 degrees here in the summer time that definitely sounds like a good plan.
I've been secretly sneaking off to Filibertos for their Breakfast Burritos for about a month.  My wife and I are doing P90X again and we're in competition to see who can loose 40 lbs.  (I'm winning).  The Breakfast Burritos are amazing, by far the best that I've ever had and I recommend them to anyone.  \n\nThis specific location is CLEAN!, Fast and always really nice.  \n\nI'm sure that their burritos are really bad if your on a diet but hey, you only live once.  Give-em-a-try.
Since we brought some gift cards with us that I got free using a points program we went for lunch. We are very familiar with Earls back home and what to expect. This location exceeded them.\n\nWe had Leroy's Crispy Dry Ribs($9.75). They were really good. They had the right amount of s&p and were meaty and not fatty.\n\nThe husband had Los Cabos Chicken Tacos($13.00). While there were only 2 they were stuffed!.\n\nI had the Pecan Chicken Maple Spinach Salad($15.00) Mmmmmm it was amazing! There was lots of bacon, brie and cherries :P .\n\nMy only 2 complaints are that the chicken in my salad should have had a more crispy coating and the mojito I ordered was fresh but oh so weak and I am not a real drinker but I love strong mojitos.\n\nThe service was great and we will be going back!
07/15/07\n\nThe quintessential New York Deli...or at least what I am told one should be (having never visited New York).  \n\nSolid, satisfying, hot and cold sandwiches with a variety of potato and salad (macaroni, etc.) side options.  Cafeteria style, so know what you want by the time you get to the counter.  It's a great place to go on Sunday morning and read the paper while you enjoy a carved sandwhich.  Of course, there is nothing heathy about any of this food, but it's solidly tasty and satisfying.  Slightly pricey (hot dog special is a good economic choice), but the atmosphere is relaxing, always clean, consistent quality, and they have free self-service water, so you don't have to bother with getting back into line if you're still thirsty.  \n\nWhat makes it unique is its authenticity and distinction from chain and fastfood stores.  It's not particularly interesting food, just good to satisfy your deli cravings.  Plus, I believe it's locally owned with gives it actual personality.\n\nCome on Sunday and then walk down to PetCo. (or is it Petsmart?) and visit the adoption dogs.
This is a very nice dog park, even by my high san diego standards. Knowing that this park is around the corner from my grandmother's house makes visiting her a lot easier; we can actually exercise the puppy and tired her out so much that we don't worry about her knocking granny over! \n\nIt's a good size, with a separate area for passive dogs. each area has fountains and surprisingly good grass coverage. my only wish would be for more shade - there are nice trees around the perimeter but they're too small to shade more than a few dogs at a time. \n\nthe water fountains could be a tiny bit better, too - the tall one has so much pressure that i heard the water THUNK into Amalia and she jumped back and wouldn't come near it again. the short one had almost no pressure at all and Amalia had a hard time getting a decent drink. \n\nthe area was poop-free, and the owners were attentive to their dogs. i haven't seen any issues between dogs, and there is enough space that if there is a personality conflict the dogs can be separated and still get some running in. \n\nit's a very nice park. we'll be back, every time we visit.
Wow..What a Treat!!! Great Service and the food doesn't suck!!!  LOL.. Stopped in for a quick dinner..had to wait (what's new Scottsdale)..Bartender was very friendly, but not overtly friendly (you know what I mean)... Table was ready and he gracefully asked to have my tab transferred..I refused and paid him..Hell, why shouldn't he get the tip... Waitress was awesome, very knowledgeable and pointed out their specialties. I opted for the Ahi Salad...Home Run!!! What a great Salad!!! Hit every point that the Menu said.. I should have gone 5 stars, but, I went 4... Don't get me wrong, but this is one to check out for sure..Great Service...Great Food...and Not Really Scottsdale Prices!!
There's so few fine restaurants in Scottsdale that aren't part of a chain from LA. I'm glad I had the opportunity to have a few tapas at Tapino while I was in town. The outdoor patio is ideal for the warm desert air; and the pink glow of the couches look inviting for a couple's first date. \n\nOf course, tapas are best shared in groups. And in our group of four, we cleared: escargot in garlic butter, deep-fried cauliflower with aioli, roasted artichoke, fish and chips, pork taquitos, flatiron steak, lamb kabob, duck confit, and beef carpaccio. You'll have to go to the restaurant to read the descriptions of each dish. I really can't do them justice in a truncated Yelp review.
I hadn't heard of this gem until the second round of groupon offerings came out. For $10, I bought $30 worth of goods. It sounded like a good deal. I live in West Mesa now so it was a long drive for us but we were both good and hungry. \nWe were warmly greeted and well served after we found it (tricky). \nThe ambience is best described as warm and cozy - pretty intimate. I counted the total number of seats in the place: 28. \nTJ ordered the pork entree with a side of carrots and the creamed corn. I ordered the pasta dish because I saw it arrive at someone else's table and was intrigued. \nI had a white sangria and TJ got the blood orange mojito. \n\nThe entrees were delicious, truly. Mine was piping hot, fresh, just the right amount of creaminess and I was surprised at how perfectly cooked the onions and peppers in my dish were - still crisp without being under cooked. The pasta, too, was right on. The chicken and the chorizo - a little chewy. \n\nTJ's portion didn't fill him entirely. He helped with my dish and I still had a box to bring home.  \nHis mojito was truly wonderous - must find out how to do that at home. My sangria was just okay. It had little apple slivers in it that I found unappealing due to aged texture. I'd stick to the mojitos in the future and would only go back for happy hour pricing because with those four ordered items and our $30 Groupon credit, we still spent $43.00. \n\nI'm not sure about the price/quality/quantity ratio. It would have been nice, too, to have some fanciful little breads or crackers or chips on the table before the entrees came out. Didn't happen. I'd say don't go starved and don't bring kids.
I enjoy the Cityscape area.  Plenty or restaurants and parking.  Parking is free for 2 hours if you get it validated.  And it is only 2 bucks an hour after that.  They also offer some shops and I really enjoyed the Christmas tree lighting and ice skating.  Where else in Arizona are you going to ice skate outside, in front of a Christmas tree, and its 80 degrees outside? The ice ring is right on Central Ave. and you can still go and enjoy it till Jan. 5th.  How cool is that? \n\nPretty cool NRG covers the energy cost to keep the ice frozen so we can do some ice skating and enjoy Christmas in Arizona weather.  I hope Cityscape continues to thrive and the restaurants and shops continue to expand.  So far they have been doing well.\n\nI have visited Charming Charlies, Stand Up Live, Lucky Strike, The Strand, and Tilted Kilt.  All great places and all within walking distance.  Go check it out.
This was so good I wonder why Mongolian BBQ hasn't sprung up in every city (hint, hint Alabama!) When you go in you pay for either a small bowl ($9) or a large bowl ($10). I got the small bowl and still had enough left over for another meal. \n\nThe ingredients are spread out in a buffet. You go along the buffet and fill your bowl with whatever you like. I chose chicken, lots of veggies and rice noodles. The trick, from what I can tell is to shove as much food in your bowl and then using the handy wax paper they leave out for you, smash it down into your bowl so you can fit even more in! At the end of the buffet are tubs of different sauces and a chalkboard with  instructions for different combinations. I am a bit of a traditionalist and mixed up the Mongolian sauce. You then hand your embarrassingly heaping bowl to the cooks who quickly stir fry it for you and then hand it back.\n\nCan I just say oh my God was this delicious without sounding vain because really I sort of cooked it myself? The ingredients were super fresh!  There is also a small bar with soup and rice, but I wouldn't waste my time with those if I were you! The BBQ was delicious and fun to prepare!
It was my parent's 27th anniversary so my mom asked if my hubby & I would like to join them for dinner, of course we would! Typically my parents would go to Outback or Olive Garden but I asked if we could please switch it up & my mom told me to pick a place. I had received a postcard from Ocean Prime for $25 off & thought why not? It must have been meant to be because my mom got one too & said she was thinking about trying it out also. I called & made reservations for Saturday the 26th at 7pm. \n\nThe place was packed when we arrived, literally every table was filled. The design was very sleek & modern, with neon blue lighting. We were seated at a table near the bar & Rebecca was our server, she was awesome! \n\nFresh bread & butter were immediately brought out, yummy. We started off with the colossal shrimp cocktail & half order of oysters. My hubby & I shared the shrimp cocktail, 3 HUGE pieces of shrimp with dry ice underneath, very cool & very tasty. My parents shared the oysters & loved them. My dad is a scotch man so he ordered a couple johnnie walker's with club soda. I am a vodka girl so I decided to try the berries & bubbles cocktail. OMG was this cocktail delicious, the pieces of fruit & dry ice sent it over the top, I loved it so much I had 2. My hubby went with the tequila cocktail & thought it was just ok, I knew he should have stuck with his usual captain & coke. \n\nOn to the entrees. My dad ordered the 7oz filet mignon (med-rare), my mom ordered the salt n pepper tuna (WELL DONE! WTF, WHO DOES THAT? I TOLD HER NOT TO BUT SHE INSISTED, UGH.), my hubby ordered the sea scallops & I ordered the twin lobster tails. For sides we all shared the sauteed wild mushrooms & jumbo asparagus with hollandaise. We all sampled each others entrees & everything was amazing, except my mom's tuna since she ruined it by ordering it well freakin done, but my lobster tails were the crowd favorite. Both side dishes were delicious as well. We were all so full but decided to get dessert since we were celebrating. We chose the chocolate peanut butter pie. Damn was it good, somehow we all managed to make room & had to keep ourselves from licking the plate clean. \n\nI brought that $25 off postcard I mentioned earlier & so did my mom. I thought they wouldn't except both at one table, but since we were paying with 2 cards they let us use 1 on each card, awesome! So with the promotional $50 off our total came to about $230 (not including tip). A tad overpriced, (which is why I only gave 4 stars) so I don't see us coming often, but we all thoroughly enjoyed our dinner so for a special occasion it's worth the splurge!
Best description of this place would be Chick-fil-A play land meets Pump-It-Up.  My kids love this place.  They're moving and climbing non-stop whenever we are there, so I love it.  We had their birthday parties there about 6 months ago.  Overall, I think the kids had fun. The only downside to the birthday parties is that you can't have a private party unless you do it afterhours, which is sort of late for young kids.   I think its $9 for an open session.  My only other complaint is the quality and price of the food.  I think its Sam's Club food.  They charge $2.00 for a not so great hot dog.  Also, I think they need to vacuum more often; the floor appeared to be pretty dirty.  They say they vacuum everyday, but I'm not so sure about that.
Service started out bad.  We likely sat at the bar for a good 15 minutes with no employee saying anything to us.  Once we started to get served drinks though the bartenders were friendly and attentive.  \n\nGreat happy hour.  Had some lemon cocktail with fresh raspberry puree on top.  So good I drank 3!\n\nHubby had the antipasto plate and wasn't that thrilled with it.  I had the soft pretzel bites with the cheese fondue.  It was FANTASTIC!  The best soft pretzels and cheese ever.  I can't recommend them highly enough.
"""Heaven, I have seen thee and thy name is SAS Fabrics by the Pound.\n\nWhy do I need green, faux mink fur right as the weather begins to warm up?  I dunno, but damned if I'm going to leave it here and hope to find it next fall.  I'll find something to make and some way to sport it if it kills me.  \n\nWhat I DO know though (well, now I know, anyway) is that it's not superduper smart to go to SAS without an honest to god pattern that you're ready to cut and sew in your hand.  There are just too many luxurious fabrics in beautiful prints and colors to play with, every aisle you walk down.  Sure, there's some junky stuff, but whatevs, just keep going and before you know it you're fingering the prettiest, shiniest, brightest silk or brocade or taffeta that you've ever seen, and you're imagining the ballgown that you'll make out of it.  Hey, one never knows when one will need a ballgown, so get off my nuts!  And just in case you do, there's plenty tiaras and whatnot to complete the look.\n\nThey do carry lots of notions, some too many and some not enough. There are BINS of loose buttons, if you care to sort through and find all the matching buttons you need.   I don't think I saw a really great selection of laces and ribbons and other trims though.  The thread is super cheap, but the color selection is a little thin and I'm not sure if it's any good (most of them had \family dollar\"""" stamped on them, and at .20 a pop, who knows).  Needle selection is next to nil, and the ones that they did supposedly have were almost all sold out.  Other helpers, like fusible bonding and stuff are probably pricier than you'd pay somewhere else.  And of course, there are no patterns at all.  Long story short, go to Joann or something for your patterns, SAS for the fabric, and then back to Joann for your notions.  \n\nAnd DON'T BUY THE GREEN FAUX MINK FUR, unless you plan on checking with me every time you leave the house in it, lest we see each other out.  How gauche!"""""""
"""3.5 Stars.  Having been to many 24 Hour Fitness locations, this one is my usual stomping ground.  This location is just OK.  Other \Sports\"""" locations here and in CA are newer and hence - cleaner, larger and with better equipment.\n\nThis gym does offer decent equipment, but they could use a few more ab machines, some 40 pound dumbbells, and like someone else said -- a basketball court.  A number of 40 pound dumbbells have been missing for a while - like someone stole them, wtf? They also offer a number of extras - from the pool, spa, sauna, large aerobic rooms, chiropractor, and massage (extra charges of course).\n\nThe crowd here is typical of the area -- a mix of Central Phoenix/East Phoenix yuppies, local celebrities, soccer moms, and h.s./college students.\n\nLike most gyms in existence, they suffer from the after work crowd.  And sometimes in the crazy days of January and February parking (even with the large lot) can be impossible - I've turned around and gone home on a few ocassions.  But if you avoid those times, you will be fine."""""""
I went here last Tuesday for my 25th wedding anniversary. I had been looking forward to visiting J & G ever since they took over from Mary Elaine's. We arrived at our designated reservation time of 7:00 PM but the restaurant was not very full. It is a beautiful place with one of the best views in the valley. It's modern and classy at the same time. Very comfortable atmosphere. My husband had a beautiful floral arrangement waiting at the table for me. We started off by ordering two of their specialty drinks. The Ginger Margarita ($12) and a special Kumquat Mojito. Both were very good. We were informed by the General Manager on a table visit that the Ginger Margaritas are the only drink that is in all of Jean-Georges restaurants worldwide. I ordered the tasting menu for $58.00, which gives you smaller portions of the following food items: Tuna Tartare with Avocado, Sweet Corn Ravioli in basil butter, Halibut with Miso Yuza glaze and Bok-Choy, Grilled petite filet with J & G steak sauce, sauteed spinach, french fries, warm chocolate cake with Carmel ice cream. My husband ordered the Porterhouse $60.00 with a side of mushrooms. They did give us a complimentary dessert of cheesecake with cherry compote and sour cherry sorbet. My husband enjoyed his steak even though he had to send it back to be recooked. My steak was also undercooked but I ended up taking it home so I did not send it back. The steak was not served sizzling hot and the glaze on the Halibut was very spicy. Service was average nothing to rave about. They did make an exception and let me order the tasting menu as I was informed by the server this menu is usually reserved if everyone at the table orders it. I think they wanted to make our anniversary special. I've had better steaks but I gave them four stars since they did go out of there way to make our evening special and the view is fantastic!
If you are looking for authentic goumet Italian food, this is not the place to go! The food is simple but tastes great. Good for large groups as the place is huge with many different rooms to be seated in. They offer a complete dinner: drink, bread, salad, entree, & ice cream for around $11. I had spaghetti & meatballs, pesto ranch on my salad, very tatsy- the hot sourdough was awesome and a scoop of spumoni ice cream. They offer whole wheat pasta, and gluten free pasta options. Full bar and friendly service. Happy Hour M-F 330 6pm. Give this place a try. Cool location, fun atmosphere, cheap prices
3 stars for food\n4 stars for everything else\n\nWe wanted to try something new and so we decided to try this place.  First of all, I love the fact that they have plenty of free parking; even on a Sat night.  The restaurant is actually much larger than I thought with the huge back room where we were seated.  \n\nSince it is a German restaurant, we were ready to try their beer but didn't have a clue as to which one...our waitress took delivery of bringing us samples to see which one we favor.  That was very nice of her.  After ordering the beer, we had the imported pretzel, Paprika Schnitzel, Sauerbraten.  \n\n*Pretzel = YUM!  It was crusty on the outside and very chewy inside.\n*Paprika Schnitzel = very much like Japanese cutlet.  Not as flavorful..\n*Sauerbraten = we tried it because we heard that it takes 4 days.  Honestly, the only thing we could taste was the thick sauce, the meat was kinda tough, and the pasta was bland.  On the upside, I liked the red cabbage.\n\nOverall, it was a great experience with live German music, great beer and pretzel.  \nBut would we go back?...probably not.\n\n*Ambiance = Wonderful!  It doesn't really feel like AZ.\n*Food = mediocre...we prefer more flavor\n*Area = good.  in the middle of old town Glendale.\n*Service = great.  we had a wonderful waitress who took very good care of us.
Great happy hour.  We are old, and arrived early, and didn't stay past the end of happy hour, so I can't review NoRTH's dinner.\n\n4 people, 3 bottles of wine, 3 appetizers, 4 happy hours plates, and all less than $100.\n\nThe food is a mix of dishes that are eerily familiar.  The chicken sandwich is very similar to the breakfast sandwich at Olive & Ivy.  The gorgonzola chicken salad is the same salad I've had before at Sauce.  Good dishes, its just strange eating them in a strip mall on the west side.\n\nWould it be worth the money after 6:30 pm, when bottles of wine are not half off?  Probably not, and NoRTH would have received a 3-star rating from me.
"""I am not a demending guy but having working AC is real nice when its 115 out. And so i went to The Car Shop to get it taken care of. Looked up repair facilities in the vicinity of my job and those guys came up and they were AAA rated and all. So, i figured - \What the fuck, its just AC repair. What is the worst can happen? It is already not blowing cold.\"""" And so i went. \nDroped it off and they gave me ride back to work. Real quick too. Called me back within reasonable time and told me something needs to be rebuilt and they can do it tomorrow. \nDroped it off again and another fast ride to work. Got a call within 3 hours that its ready for pickup. \nFew weeks later got a call from them asking how it works out for me and all. Really surprising and pleasant. \n\nPretty good repair shop. I will take my car there again if needed."""""""
Our friends recommended Joe's farmhouse grill after watching it on Triple D on TV.  Upon entering, you'll notice a tv setup with clips of the segment aired.  We thought by arriving at 2 PM for lunch we could bypass the lunch crowd, unfortunately we were wrong.  It's still packed at 2 PM, which must say something about the food.  We decided to order the Burger, Ahi Tuna sandwich, onion rings, sweet potato fries, and a banana mill shake.\n\nBurger - was good, but not spectacular.  However, you could that the ingredients were very fresh .  \n\nAhi Tuna Sandwich -outstanding.  The wasabi flavor complemented the sandwich and this was delicious.\n\nOnion rings - worth ordering.\n\nSweet potato fries - good but you can get this elsewhere\n\nBanana milk shake - tasty!\n\nOverall, this was a solid meal to which we will come back during our next Giants spring break trip!
Had lunch here today and it was great. Decor is fun, love the clear plastic covers on the floral booths!  Lots of TV's around the bar which can be seen from just about everywhere in the club.\n\nWe had chips and salsa to start.  We all agreed that the red (hot) salsa was the best, although they were all good.  For lunch we had Sonoran Dogs.  Very big and tasty!  Service was good too!  Looking forward to our next visit to try the tacos...
"""Whenever the fellow jurors plan to grab coffee (Starbucks is at the bottom level of the court house), I get all sweet and doe eyed and uppity state \oh no, let's support a local biz instead!\"""" and we've bounced around a few coffee places since.\n\nI get girly caramel or mocha nonfat lattes, and they are good.  I THINK the pricing is better than Starbucks (after all, how would I know? :D), plus the Yelp checkin deal is really nice if this trial goes WAY TOO LONG (Day 6 so far).\n\nI would of thought this place was a corporate empire, if it was not for the Yelp reviews.  Each time I have noticed the greeting and smiling owner, doing his thing.\n\nJust across the street north of CityScape, if a juror is trying to calculate how much time do they have..."""""""
"""Chowhound has produced a list of the 78 most annoying words to read in a restaurant review. I am well aware of this list and I know damn well the one word many readers would love to see at the top of that list is the word \unctuous\"""". But I don't care. Unctuous is the only word that I could think of to describe the braised veal cheek I had at Petite Maison last night.  I would have given them 5 stars because of the great food and the charming atmosphere but I can't. It was too damn hot in there. It was 105 degrees all day so eating dinner in a warm dining room at 9pm wasn't an ideal situation. Maybe they are having some problems with their AC unit. I'll definitely be back..... after summer has passed."""""""
Fresh, unique dishes that will leave you wanting for more.  We tried some of the sausages and a rare beef salad.  The salad was a perfect combo of salty, sweet, tangy, crunchy, and soft.  The beef, since it is cooked rare, is very tender, and because it is marinated in a sweet vinegary type marinate, you don't really notice the rawness of the meat.  The sausages were kind of reminiscent of Chinese sausage, except thicker and more savory/salty.  The sausage is red like Chinese sausage is, except it is more of a sweet/sour type sausage rather than mostly sweet like Chinese sausage is.  \n\nService was adequate, although they ran out of diet coke that day so I couldn't get my fizzy caffeine fix for the day.
Scale of 1-10 (single visit):\n9 Food\n8 Service\n8 Atmosphere\n7 Value\n\nThe margaritas were okay, and it took a fair amount of time for our server to greet us, but everything else was on the money.  The funny little pinwheel chips are great in the smoky salsa, the guacamole was amazing, and the chipotle sauce that came on the chicken&spinach dish was drool-a-licious.  Didn't have room for dessert because I pounded my food like that little Japanese hot dog eater guy.  Next time then.
OK, now I've had breakfast here too. Thank God I rode my bike up here! I feel like a whale. I ate the strawberry pancakes and bacon. I know, I am a real health nut. I had to try the pancakes though after all I've heard, and they were pretty delicious. But the best thing by far was the freshy fresh squeezed orange juice. Oh my God, I am in love. Seriously I just paid $3.25 for 12 ounces of orange juice, and I would do it again in a minute. I only wish this orange juice cost the same as a gallon of gas so I could afford more of it! If you come here for nothing else come for the free WIFI & OJ.
Went back to this lovely place for dinner when the weather is still nice ... \nAnd it's such a different vibe at nice ... this place is serene during the day but very lively at night with live music ... they have someone singing there and he was entertaining .... food is pretty good as well\n\nBut I would say the selling point of this place is the view you get especially at night, you can see the city light from there. Great place to sit back, relax and enjoy the night ...
Saw the Hey Joe! food truck parked at the Mesa Arts Center food court for the Asian Festival and had to try it out!  I got the Lechon plate ($8.50), which included about 4 pieces of deep fried pork belly with crispy skin, a scoop of rice, and some pickled veggies (Carrots, radish, red bell pepper).  The order took a little time to be made, as there was a backup of orders from some customers wanting a lot of extras (Like 8 cups of soy sauce, or 6 to-go boxes for their plates), so the food wasn't out in quick time like I was expecting for a food truck.  The staff were very friendly though, and it's nice that they offer credit card for you to pay (No minimum order), and will send you your receipt through your e-mail.  \n\nThe lechon was very rich and flavorful.  It had a mix of juicy pork and crispy skin from being deep fried.  Although they give you just a few pieces, it is a pretty heavy tasting dish, and it was nice to add the rice and vegetables as lighter sides to balance out the meat.  Although very tasty, the price was a little high, considering I can get a pound of lechon for the same price at Heavenly Bakeshop in Chandler.\n\nOverall, it's nice to see some more uncommon foods here in the Phoenix area such as Filipino cuisine, and I'd like to visit their food truck again to try some more dishes.
"""Tasty new addition to the Old Town Scottsdale area. Went on their opening day for lunch, then back again for dinner. They're still working out new-place kinks, but nothing serious.\n\nFor lunch I had the spicy brat and sweet peppers. For dinner the chorizo sausage and chutney. You can't go wrong on either the basic or premier sausages, but if you're unsure what to try go for a sweet/spicy combo. Like the spicy brat and a sweet topping, or sweet brat and spicy toping. If you like sauerkraut, it's all homemade (like the sausages) so give it a try. If you don't like sauerkraut, you're a strange person and should probably not go to a bratwurst house. And I feel bad for you. I'm sorry.\n\nWhere was I... oh yes, their belgian fries are great, and I am a fan of the sriracha aoli dipping sauce. Of course, they pretty much had me at \sriracha\"""". \n\nTheir beer list is very well rounded. I'm not a huge fan of belgians and german beer, so was a little worried, but there is plenty of great beer there to drink across the whole spectrum. Chatted up Ben The Beer Baron for a while, and he definitely knows his stuff. Don't be shy about asking him for recommendations."""""""
I've come here a few times in the past, and now that Starbucks has free WiFi, I've found myself coming in on a more consistant basis.  \n\nI like it here because they have plugs at enough tables that I can sit with my laptop and not be restricted to just a few seats in the place.  Hours are great, and they obviously offer a variety of drinks and pasteries to choose from.  Service is great, and all around a good clean Starbucks.
Came in today after work and friendly Matt the bartender was spot-on, which had me re-thinking this place. Yes, they are pricey, but damn it all if their pub atmosphere isn't just about perfect. I've tried their grilled cheese sandwich and bread pudding which were remarkable, and they have great beers on tap, so I know I will probably make this place a more regular stop, as it is directly on my way home from work, and I can forgive the initial oversight in my first review.\n\nA great place to chill from the summer heat!
This is no Morton's.  Don't even compare it.  This is a thousand times better than the Morton's in Scottsdale.  With that being said, I want to commend the staff firstly on truly outstanding service from beginning to end. They were polite, timely with the food and on point.  Our compliments to the chef.  We had the filets, which were cooked to perfection. However, the meat did not have the excellent taste that we expected.  We had mashed potatoes (very tasty) and green beans.  The salads were generous and fresh.  We had flourless chocolate cake which was amazing.  I can't find fault with this meal other than the fact that we didn't find the taste of the filets to be as flavorful  as this type of restaurant should offer.   My compliments to the wait staff who gave us such great service.
"""This is the perfect place to go for a leisurely brunch or lunch with friends.  I've heard some people say \that's where chicks go\"""" ...well, I'd say cheers to that, I guess we have good taste :)  \n\nThis place offers some really great menu items for health conscious people, which I really appreciate.  Sometimes I don't want to go to breakfast because it's just too fattening, but this place makes delicious meals that don't force you to go to the gym right after.\n\nGreat coffees, teas, and breakfast cocktails are a great added offering, plus the baked goods are perfect for a little indulgence. (hey, if you save calories during the meal, you can afford to split a pastry!! ...yes, I'm a horrible dieter.)\n\nEvery dish I've tried here so far has been wonderful, I really don't think you can go wrong with your order.  Make sure to check this place out."""""""
Oregano's has been a favorite restaurant with our family since before we WERE a family (circa 1998). Even though we've never lived close to any of the locations, we've had so many great moments (and honestly, in 13 years, only ONE bad experience) at this local chain. We had our first date on University in Tempe and we had our wedding celebration party (after eloping to Australia) at the Scottsdale location. The front patio at the Mesa restaurant was the choice for my husband's 40th birthday party.\n\n Always great service! Great atmosphere (friendly, fun) and great food.\nOur two boys now love to come with us to the newest location (near our home in Ahwatukee--thank heaven!) on Elliot Rd in Tempe which will surely be our new local hot spot, as it is near my husband's work as well. WE ARE SO EXCITED!\n\nMy favorite items on the menu (although I admit, I'm finally steering away from my usuals so that I can try the rest of their extensive menu):\n\nKick BUTT Garlic Bread (be sure to order it with cheese and a side of marinara)--YUM!\nGuaca Tony (I only recently tried this and am sorry that I've been missing out all these years)\n\nChicken Ceasar Salad (dressing is SO good, and there's never too much of it) \n\nThe Sproccoli Deep Dish or Stuffed Pizza - have a little salad, which comes out quick; then wait another 20 minutes or so for the Chicago-style pie--SO worth the wait! (and so filling, you'll have leftovers for lunch the next day!)
Ohhh do I love gelato. Who doesn't? G-spot totally gets it.\n\nThe service is okay, not rude but not A+. That's the only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars.\n\nThe gelato is wonderful! Just like it should be, smooth, sweet, and decadent. I had the tiramisu, in a medium. It was a perfect serving for me [if you complain about the 'small portions', just remember it's a treat to be savored, not to fill your gut], and I love the little fact sheet hanging on the wall that tells you it's less fat than ice cream and so on.. it really pressures me to relax and not worry about blowing my diet [;\n\nThe store itself is very very clean and issues of 944 are on the little tables inside. Plenty of outdoor seating for the warmer days as well. I really like that the G-Spot is connected to Hava Java, because after gelato I was really craving an italian soda [cliche, I know]. \n\nIf you haven't yet, hit the G-spot.. it's not even hard to find [:
The entire staff here is really nice and know what they are doing.  They have somewhat odd hours, but they are really flexible with rescheduling and don't charge fees for missing an appointment.  They only part that annoys me is that Dr. Scharf tends to talk too much sometimes.  I don't mind shooting the breeze or listen to his interesting conversations with others, but sometimes I am in a hurry and wish he's do a little more cracking and a little less yapping.
Ok here is the deal with Red Devil Pizza.  The key to making pizza with crispy crust is to have ovens that great sufficiently hot.  That is why I like places with brick over pizza's. They don't use Brick Ovens at Red Devil but  I have been told that Red Devil has some really old pizza ovens that are not available any longer or hard to get.  I can't verify that, I don't even remember who told me that, maybe I read it some where.  Don't know if it is true or not. What I do know is that Red Devil is one of my favorite pizza place in the Valley.  Their pizza is consistently good.  Thin-Crisp and delicious.  I have had pasta's and salads there as well. They are fine, nothing to get excited about. But the Pizza at Red Devil is something I will stake my reputation on.  Actually I don't really have a reputation, but if I did I would lay it on the line for Red Devil Pizza. The long and short of it is, I am very passionate about their Pizza.  Period.
Listen.....this ain't your average Mexican food restaurant. No Spanish rice and refried beans here! As the website states, its neuvo Mexican (with a bit of Cuban flare and culinary influence in my opinion). Oh, speaking of website. Theirs is just as enticing as the food. It's like a music video with a menu. It's sexy and food photography is amazing.  Check it out! \n\nI started with guacamole and salsa. Yum! The red Sangria was one of the best I've had in a long time. Not overly sweet with a nice kick! The (vegetarian) chile relleno was amazing! Stuffed with roasted zucchini,  onions and potatoes. The perfectly spicy ancho chilie was nicely contrasted with the sweetness of the veggies inside. \n\nMy only complaint was that I had to ask my server for a fresh order of corn pudding b/c it was over done.  If you're familiar from Southern corn pudding, its not really like that. Theirs is thin and more dense like corn bread. But very delish! \n\nAll the food was great and the atmosphere was rather unexpected for a restaurant in Tempe Marketplace. I was transported to another place. Refreshing. \n\nBon Appetite!
I have been coming to this LA Fitness for five years. Whether that bodes well for me or not I will leave up to your discretion. I have seen better days before my metabolism decided to hibernate.\n\nWhat I will say is that there is something about this location that makes it way more comfortable than any of the other locations I have been to (7th Ave/Greenway, Elliot/Priest, Warner/Dobson, Scottsdale/McDowell). Perhaps it is the lower ceiling. Perhaps it is all the gay men. It could even be the nostalgia from the time I tore my hamstring. Who knows.\n\nHere are the only drawbacks I can see:\n\n1. Don't try to do cardio right after work on a Monday or Tuesday. \n2. You can easily become intoxicated on Saturday or Sunday morning... it seems all the party people feel the need to atone for their sins the night before by sweating it out in the morning\n3. Those personal trainers are suh-leeee-zeee\n4. If you dislike cutoff sleeves on men, this is their mecca. \n\nAmple parking. Cheap monthly fee of $24.99. It doesn't smell. Lots of equipment. \n\nGet off your fat ass and just go.
I stopped over at Lone Star for a quick lunch yesterday. The food was brought out very quickly after I told our server I was pressed for time. The Pork Chop was juicy and very tasty; I could have wolfed down another Pork Chop (it was that good). The gigantic Sweet Potato was delicious when coupled with a little bit of butter and cinnamon. I love their salads, but didn't have a chance to order one since I was in a hurry. The drinks are refilled on a timely basis. Lunch for two was about $22 before tip.
Can we say 'heaven on earth'?  Since I'm basically an over-grown child, Sweeties is the answer to my prayers!  I checked out past reviews before coming here, and I will agree that you should take a walk around before pulling any delicious candy items off of the shelves.  My heart soared as I took a stroll around the aisles and aisles of beautiful sugar-goods throughout the store.  If I am ever having a bad day; trust me, Sweeties is the spot to be!\n\nI tried to remain conservative with what I picked out during this trip but was surprised at the true variety of candy products!  I found Red Super Rope licorice (my favorite treat of childhood), which in the past I was only able to find online.  I also found Buckeye chocolate candies which I though only existed in Ohio and are melt-in-your-mouth delicious.  There were treats from decades ago as well, which I was not familiar with, but I picked up some items that sounded pretty good as well.  \n\nThe only thing that would have made the trip sweeter would have been if the location was a little closer to my house, or at least closer to the 60 freeway...  It's right around downtown Chandler next to a strip mall and when I walked up I saw a couple breaking into their own car (maybe they left the keys in it?), and I'm not so sure about the neighborhood...  \n\nOverall, it was a success; I will be back soon!
I would never have thought from it's quiet exterior that when I opened the door, the place would be bustling!  What have I missed!?\n\nI love this place!  I ordered a burger and fries for only $12.00 ($12.00 is cheap for a good burger in Scottsdale), and it was absolutely the best I have tasted in...as long as I can remember.  The pretzel roll made artwork of a burger!\n\nI love the prices and what I especially love (LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE, LOVE) is that you have the option of a full or half order for almost every entree on the menu!  How sweet is that!?  (And health conscious!)\n\nCan't wait to get back there!
"""Watch your bill.\n\nWe came in for a couple drinks during happy hour. We ordered them as \Vodka/Redbull and Whiskey/Coke\"""". They were served quickly and tasted fine. When the check came we found that our Waitress had decided to up-sell us without asking. When I brought it to her attention, she said, \""""OH Sorry, hehe\""""\n\nUPDATE: I called the manager, Kim, shortly after this review and was pleased with the results of our conversation. Since the Up-sale was really the only issue, giving them 4 stars."""""""
Wife chose this place and we went late Tuesday (9pm) for dinner after I got out of school.  Owner was attentive and very helpful and helpd us order.  he explained dishes and brought usu a few different breads.  Dishes were VERY colorful, tasty, piping hot.  I asked for spicy and WOW..., on that scale, I should have asked for mild.... Yummy food and Great time.\nthe owner's family children were playing (read: screaming and running around jumping on boothes and staring at us over the wall) the whole dinner, which was mildy annoying in a quaint way..:{\nwe'll be back. maybe once school starts?
Locally owned sub shop that also sells bubble tea and coffee drinks!  We came here initially looking for Quiznos but found that Sub Zone is here instead.  The deli meat here and veggies are very fresh, and the owners take pride in using high quality ingredients.  I was hoping to get a Quizno's type sub with premium veggie ingredients such as guacamole and mushrooms, but veggies here are more of the standard type you'd see at Subway.  The bubble tea option is new here, but I know that the tapioca used here is fresh, not frozen.  The owners here are very friendly and want to make you the best meal.  I'll definitely come here again to try more subs.
I had to make the Great Circle trip to DoPho and CenPho, although I always think of it as GoPho (going to Phoenix...it seems like a long journey).\nToday I got to take a baseball bat to the temple twice in one day!\nI had to spend quality time with my accountant and more of the same with my health insurance agent...just one of those mornings.\nI needed to treat myself, although after a visit with my business friends, I somehow felt it needed to be an inexpensive treat.\nMy insurance agent is just north of Lucky Boy and that's where I went for my late lunch. I needed a scotch, and a Lucky Boy burger may not be the next best thing, but it's pretty damn good.\nI had not been here since last fall, but it really never changes (at least not since I came to AZ). \nThey just make a good, simple burger. There aren't any tricks (no butter flavored whatever on the buns). The fries are crunchy outside and fluffy inside. The buns are soft, but hold together well and the meat is charred, but not crusty and overdone.\nAre there better burgers in the Phoenix area?...I'd have to say yes. Are there better drive-thru burgers in Phoenix?...I don't think so. \nLucky boy is terrific...fresh, tasty, inexpensive (my meal was under $5.00), fast and the people at Lucky Boy are just extremely nice folks. Let's all do our  part and make them busier!
Pretty good! They have many vegan options if you ask! Waitstaff is friendly. My friend ordered the chicken marsala, but said there was too much fat on it. I ordered the garlic noodle dish, minus the shrimp. Even the half-order at $5 was too generous a helping, but sooo very good. There were approximately 15 other people at our table, as it was a friend's birthday dinner, and everything looked phenomenal, really. I'd definitely like to go back often if I wasn't so distant from chandler!
We went here last night on our way home.  I love that they are open late as we didn't get there till after 10 pm.  If you go earlier, be prepared for a long line/wait.  The food here is always consistently good.  B/F loves the Chimayo Chicken with their fabulous Green Chili Potato.  Last night he had the roasted corn for the side which was amazing.  I got one of their specials - Swordfish with an fantastic pineapple cilantro salad and my sides were the GCP and zucchini.  Excellent meal all around.  My only complaint is, I wish they would get rid of the tv's or make it in a section that is away from the dining area.
"""Yet another priceline find.  I got a double room for $50/night and surprisingly, was NOT charged the resort fee.  The front staff is friendly and efficient, the grounds are nicely maintained, and the location is great.  My room was neat and clean, which is really all I care about.  The decor is definitely outdated, but not offensively so (i.e., no garish flower prints or tacky Southwest knickknacks).  I was pleasantly surprised by the almost-new cardio machines in the fitness room!  (The fancy modern cardio machines generally let you enter in your weight for a more \honest\"""" calorie burn.  These machines didn't, but I still got a decent workout.)  The fitness room features a few wall-mounted tv's, a separate weight area, his and her changerooms with a shower, and a staff person to answer any questions about the machines/resort/etc.\n\nI like this area and I come to PHX/Scottsdale often enough that I would consider staying here again."""""""
"""When I first heard about Lobby's via Twitter my first reaction was \So Tempe's jumping in on the gourmet burger trend.\"""" I guess I should have known this is not the city for $12 burgs.\n\nLobby's serves up one of the best, most satisfying burgers I've tasted this side of the Rio Salado - and it comes with a soda and fries for just under $10. I don't know what Lobby puts in that meat. It tastes fantastic - especially with the Lobby Sauce - and fills you up. But even better, I'm never that \""""why did I eat the whole thing\"""" stuffed when I finish.\n\nLobby's is conveniently close to my house for those random burger cravings. Did I say convenient. Maybe dangerous is a better word."""""""
Have you ever gotten an orgasm from peanuts?  No?  Well, I just did.\nNumber 27.  Medium hot.  Went with Robert M & Bacon for dinner tonight and we each got a dish to share.  Started with the fried tofu.  Bland.  the sauces were watery.  Also got shrimp rolls.  Yummy.\nIn all, we had a red curry (#26) which was good, but it seemed as if the green beans had been frozen then cooked.  Also, the #34, medium spicy.  Had a peanut taste, a little sweet.  And then: #27.  (angels singing) Now, I don't know the names of any dishes.  I always order by number.  When it came to the table, I drooled all over my white shirt.  And, well, something else in my white panties.  Amazing!\nService was quick and friendly.  I love that it's RIGHT ON McDowell.  Tables face the street, which you don't get very often here in the PHX.\nMy leftovers are in the fridge.  Since I'm single and need the *ahem* effects of #27, I'll be having it before bed.  As a snack.  To get ready for bed.  #27.  Marry me.  I'll be the first person to marry a number.
(I would give them a 5, but they are new and need some time before they rate a 5.)\n\nMy husband is from Greece, well Crete, actually.  We stumbled on this place on the way home one day and thank goodness we did!  We didn't get a chance to eat in the deli (although the owner kept bringing us samples to try), but we did shop in the market.  It is a very new store, so the shelves aren't full yet, they're trying to figure out what the customers want.  We felt the selection was very good--canned goods, dried beans, fresh fruits and vegetables, frozen meats, and of course olives and feta and desserts.  The prices are very reasonable.  My husband says they're better than anywhere he's seen. \n\nWe got a leg of lamb and it was the most tasty lamb I've had in a long time.  I'm a fan of sheep feta, whether French or Bulgarian.  I think we got the Bulgarian this time.  Everything we got (except the Baklava-type desserts, I wasn't so crazy about them, and I love dessert!!)  The owner let us try their hummus, tabouli, and falafal -- all were fantastic!!\n\nThe owner even showed us his catalog and said he would special order anything we wanted!  Super friendly, clean, good menu in the cafe, can't wait to try it!  This is a fantastic jewel of a place on Pinnacle Peak & 19th Ave, just south of Norterra.
I've been here twice so far, both times for dim sum, and both times I've gone home happy, visions of pork buns dancing in my head. \n\nI'm glad that my first trip was with a regular, or I wouldn't have known what to order. In fact, my only complaint is that the servers offer only a breif description, and there is no printout with what is offered on each cart. Other than that it's a fun and inexpensive way for you and your friends to try something new.
Wanna swirl it?\n\nThis place has delicious frozen yogurt.  My daughter told us about it and we went over here one weekend for an after-lunch sweet.  Get your yogurt cup, go to the dispensers, and serve yourself.  You can get a single flavor, or swirl two together.  Then, you can top it off with candies, nuts, or even fruit before checkout.  My one caveat--they charge by weight, so fill your cups with caution.\n\nGet it to go, sit on one of their chairs and eat in, or pull up to one of their iPad stations and have fun with your froyo.  Any way you do it, Swirl It is a winner.
The name of the place is Rocket Burgers, yet somehow I got a sub. And let me tell you it was so dang delish!! It was the New Yorker loaded with Pastrami with homemade cole slaw swiss cheese and rocket burgers own sauce. OOOHHHH dang!! So delish!! I love a good pastrami sammie!  Their fries are delish as well.  But this place has over 300 different types of sodas, and even carries Dublin Dr Pepper, you might get a little over whelm on which soda to choose from but it's interesting to see the different types from all over. I settled on a frosty vanilla root beer and was not disappointed. Can't wait to come back and try out other sandwiches and burgers!
This HD is very good.  They seem to have knowledgeable people.  When I was putting in my irrigation system a while back I got a lot of good info from their plumbing guy.  Apparently he was a master plumber.\n\nOn this trip I needed a overheat sensor for a can light.  The lighting guy had a can he said he couldn't sell because it was missing something, and proceeded to rip the sensor out for me.  No charge.  That's customer service!
Great trail for running as the path is smooth and the incline isn't too ridiculous.  The path is 1.75 miles one-way and is a fun run to change up your normal routine.    The scenery is great with views over the beautiful homes of scottsdale and the other rock formations surrounding the Phoenix area.  There are plenty of other runners on this trail and it is just wide enough to be able to pass other people enjoying the trail.  The bottom of the trail has a bathroom, water, and a shaded pavillion as well.\n\nOverall:\nGood hiking trail with nice views\nGreat trail for running
I've traveled to Phoenix several times for business trips and stayed at the Ritz. True Foods was my go to spot in Phoenix because it was right across the street from the hotel. I love this restaurant for the casual vibe and healthy food. My favorite dishes are the Edamame Dumplings and the Miso Glazed Black Cod. It was often hard to get out of work for lunch, so coming to True Foods at the end of the day was always a treat. \n\nI only wish they had one in San Francisco!
"""After writing my initial review, I was contacted by the manager of Fresh Wasabi (Billy). He asked that I come back in and order the same thing I ordered on my last visit. He explained that he would cover the bill, and that he wanted prove that the first bad experience was not the normal experience a customer would have. I took him up on his offer last night. I went in and ordered to the best of memory, what we had ordered on our last visit. I ordered 2 pieces of nigiri, a california roll, and their \Snow White\"""" Roll. After I ordering I remembered exactly what I disliked on my first visit. Originally the size of the piece of fish on top of the nigiri was quite small. This time, however, if anything, the piece of fish was too big (a good problem to have in my opinion). Next came the california roll. It is a standard california roll, nothing to complain about, very average. The snow white roll is basically a spicy tuna roll topped with a small piece of white tuna and roe with a mustard soy sauce. I didn't care for this roll very much, but it was executed well. I remembered it from the first visit, and I was just not a huge fan of the flavor combination. Finally as an addendum to our order. Billy had us try a new roll. It contained a fried jalepeno and crab in the middle and was topped with siracha and a wasabi mayo. When I read the description, I was thinking it was going to be very spicy. I did not find it extremely spicy though. I found it a little more appealing than the \""""Snow White\"""" roll. It had a similar taste to biting into deconstructed burger (Siracha = Ketchup, wasabi mayo = mayo, rice = bun, crab = meat). Overall, I will probably end up coming back in to the restaurant. I will most likely avoid the specialty rolls as I didn't particularly care for either of them and they are normally $10+ on the menu. However, I would probably sit at the sushi bar and order nigiri and the more basic rolls after explaining to the sushi chef that I prefer big cuts of fish on my nigiri. Billy went over and above to show that my first experience was not the norm and I appreciate the pride he showed in his restaurant. I would come back for lunch and for a staff that takes pleasing the customer seriously."""""""
"""Add me to the Maria fan club. Seriously, I love that chick. Hand to God, if I ever had to fight in a trench, in a war, the first person I would want on my team would be Maria. She's a doll but she might kick your ass. \For sure!\""""\n\nWe started with the spaghetti calzone. Yeah, you heard me. They take spaghetti and they stuff it in a calzone. In. A. Cal. Zone. It reminded me of when I was a kind and we would make spaghetti sandwiches. No, I'm not kidding about that. It was delicious and I have dreams about it. They have those really thin metal forks that only pizza places have and mine kept bending the dough was so nice and thick and good. \n\nThe sauce for the pizza and the calzone is a happy thing. Tangy but sweet, as well. I could eat with we a well bent spoon. The pizza was good but we only got a small due to the calzone. Next time, I want to go with more people and get a bigger one so I can love on the cheese and toppings.\n\nLastly, the sodas come with that really awesome crushed ice that looks like jagged little pellets. To me, that's a clear sign you're in a good pizza joint."""""""
This place is great!  So happy to have a solid grocery store and chaat place in Central Phoenix.  Good chaat, mithai (sweets), and other delights.  Usually fresh jalebis too :).  For Diwali they had really nice milk sweet mithais that tasted homemade to me.  The thalis are great; especially the chicken tikka one.   I haven't tried the pizza, but it sounds good.  The vegetarian thali/meal selection is decent but not quite as good as Little India.  The grocery store is small but they have the necessities: spices, dhals, rice, attas, frozen foods, namkeens, Indian beauty supplies, etc.  The folks who work here are nice and helpful in finding grocery items.  Best part: when I was there today I saw some buffet equipment and when I inquired I was told they are going to open a full restaurant in the back!  Woo hoo can't wait!!!
"""My friends and I discovered the Clarendon this summer after hearing that their amazing pool is open for the public to enjoy. After just one lazy Sunday, we were hooked. The pool is fantastic! You can enjoy the appropriately named \Oasis\"""" relaxing on their lounge chairs and couches, or get there early if you want to commandeer one of the beds.  The folks at the Clarendon didn't miss much: the d\u00e9cor is modern and the atmosphere relaxed. They've usually got a pretty good soundtrack piped in above and an even better one below the surface thanks to the nifty underwater speakers (We've caught the themes to Hawaii Five-O, The Love Boat, and even Jaws). Plus there are free towels, pool toys, beach balls, and a very convenient poolside bar (or friendly waiter on slower weekends). Speaking of the bar, do yourself a favor and order a margarita. Better yet - a pitcher of margaritas. Mmm. The only thing they could improve would be the hot tub - although it can fit 50 people (yes, we've tested it) they keep the temperature set to lukewarm bath.  \n\nNeedless to say, we began to panic as the weather started to turn cooler and we foresaw our pool fun coming to an end. Much to our delight, we found the rooftop lounge opening up for the fall season. Although this is more of a work in progress, the potential is there for an excellent night on (or above) the town - you can't beat the view. You never really know what you're going to get at the C though - We've been there on nights when we were the only patrons and others when we couldn't even get upstairs.  For those of you that previously noted the capacity limitations don't worry! We're told that renovations are planned to raise the railings (and thus increase the capacity). Keep your eye on this place!\n\nOh, and if you've got a good excuse to be downtown, you might as well book a room. On slow weekends, they'll give you a great deal and the staff there is very accommodating. The room we got was totally refurbished, clean, and comfortable."""""""
I'll be honest, the food was so good I ate here twice in one day. Very simple, clean, but elegant pairings with the freshest ingredients around. I had the edamame dumplings and the farmer's market salad for lunch. The dumplings were more like ravioli with a bit of truffle oil - some of the best I've had. I really would have been happy with an entire plate of these for my meal! The salad was fresh and crisp, and an interesting combination of ingredients - golden beets, kale, romaine, manchego cheese, avocado, with a light champagne vinagerette. \n\nLater, I ordered the thai dumplings and steelhead salmon for dinner. The dumplings were good, but not as good as the edamame dumplings from lunch. The salmon was cooked perfectly - good sear on the outside, and moist on the inside - all on top of a bed of beets, greens, and red quinoa. \n\nPrice is a bit of a drawback here, but I suppose you pay for what you get when it comes to the calibur of the ingredients. I don't live in AZ, but a True Food just opened in Denver where I live - can't wait to get back here.
"""Add mine to the list of 'damn, the food is good here' [as long as you order the right thing] and the guacamole is delish. Add also that the service - yeah, you Dario - was bogus. Guac order came with the entrees, side salad for one of the three of us never delivered or acknowledged as missing, and generally a sense that he was doing us a favor coming to work today. Neat. \n\nOn food grounds alone its very fine. I had the langostine quesadilla and it was delish: a nice chunk of lobster on each [and there are four 4\ tortillas/quesadillas], in a sweet sauce that was perfectly countered by goat cheese. I tasted the fish tacos - also seemed perfectly matched: the slight heat of the baja sauce, perfectly cooked fish [lightly battered and not at all heavy or greasy]and cabbage...nice. I didn't try the mole but the report was bland. We all loved the guac and the chips. [Two of us had soda, one an iced tea - bill came to $72 before tip for three of us.]\n\nBe warned, this is not a quiet place. Even two-thirds full at lunch, its loud. I could see bringing friends and drinking margaritas, and having the noise just be part of the enjoyment. Now if only Dario would stay home..."""""""
"""One of the guys down at Cycle Gear in Mesa had recommended this bar to me several weeks ago, he gave me the impression that it was a motorcycle bar of sorts, so I hopped on my bike to check it out last Friday night around 11pm.\n\nFirst timers take note:  This place is to easy to zip past, esp. if you're looking for it westbound off of Thomas.  Print a map or at least know the cross street name, N 68th street.\n\nAnyway, when I finally found the place and pulled into the parking lot, there was not another motorcycle in sight.  So much for it being a motorcycle bar, maybe that's on certain nights.\n\nWhen I stepped inside and looked around, half the (mostly female) contingent of people at the actual bar turned around and stared, I guess a motorcycle riding man is somewhat of a novelty?  I found a seat at the back side of the horseshoe bar, noticed that Guiness was on tap, so I ordered a black and tan for $4.50.  I immediately started chatting with a friendly tatooed local next to me, Megan.  \n\nWe talked about restoring motorcycles & cars, and how she got into working as a female bouncer.  She told me a story of some poor guy who's forehead was actually cracked open against the wall \on accident\"""" while she was trying to haul him out of the bar in a headlock.  That conversation ended within approx 30 seconds of me casually mentioning the fact that I had a girlfriend.   Which was OK because they had \""""The Big Lebowski\"""" playing on a couple of flat screens in close captioning, and I fuckin' love that movie.\n\nInside the TT Roadhouse there is a lot of wood, as is cellulose.  It is pretty small, and reminded me of another tiny bar, the Tiki Ti in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles.  Only with more of a pirate/twin peaks feel.   I also noticed that there were in fact, several old timey pictures of motorcycles on the walls, hooray, I guess that makes it a motorcycle bar after all. \n\nFor my second drink I asked the other bartender (i.e. not \""""The Predator\"""") what he recommended from the tiki style Friday night $3 drink specials.  He was kind of an ass about it, saying \""""I don't recommend any of them....because I'm a guy\"""", or some shit like that.  I let it slide and just ordered a Pabst Blue Ribbon in a can for $2.  \n\nThe bar wasn't ever packed, about 2/3 full when I got there, but more people started rolling in past midnight.  The ratio was easily half male/female. If you were looking for a hookup, there were maybe 2 or 3 \""""doable\"""" girls there, tops.\n\nThe men's room was flooded, the urinal looked like it hadn't been flushed in the past 30 uses, and the toilet was clogged too.  I even tried to unclog it using the plunger there, but no dice.  I hate having to take a piss is some unflushed toilet and have the pisswater spray back at me, fuckin gross.  The only good thing is that they had soap and water and paper towels to wash up with.  \n\nWhen I finished washing up and looked in the mirror I noticed that I had been wearing my reflective Halo band around my neck since I walked in the bar.  (The Halo is this reflective band you put around your helmet so drivers can see you at night.)  Man did I feel like a toolbox.  Is that why everybody was looking at me like that when I walked in?  Maybe they're wondering, \""""Is some kind of trendy new scarf, no wait, wtf is that guy wearing around his neck?!\"""".   Nobody had said anything the previous 20 minutes, including the girl I had been talking to, maybe they were too loaded to care, or just trying to be polite.\n \nWhile saddling up on my bike outside, a girl on the, ah, \""""tipsy\"""" side was pushed over to me by her gay manfriend, whereupon I was solicited for a ride.   She said she really wanted a ride despite the fact that she had never ridden on a motorcycle before.  I tried to explain that:  buzzed driver + drunk 1st time passenger + no passenger helmet = almost certain disaster, but I'm not sure if it really registered.  Her friend announced \""""wait, wait let's get a look at his asssss when he gets on the bike\""""   I happily obliged and took off into the night."""""""
Only had the lunch special (2 slices and a drink).  Had it a few times and it's a great value and a decent slice of pizza.  They don't skimp on the toppings either.\n\nI used to eat at Lucky's in North Peoria all the time and this place really reminds me them.  Thin crispy crust with a nice amount of crunch and chew.  Nothing like the pre-made garbage you get at the chains.  You can tell this dough is made fresh.\n\nDon't expect high end fixtures or fancy toppings, just good basic pizza at a good price.
I like Mexican food and this place did not disappoint! My family and I were in Phoenix for only a few hours and my husband's cousin suggested coming here for dinner. The outside wall art was an added bonus. Best dinner suggestion ever! Although there was not a 'kid's menu' and hardly any food to choose from, we were able to get my daughter a few corn tortillas and chicken to make her own version. Problem solved. Our meals were fantastic and the sangria was the best I'd ever had!
My beloved boyfriend had suggested this place one night for dinner and I love trying new things. The ambiance is dark but lit with many candles and chandeliers to enduce a sense of culinary romance. The mosaic brick-tiled wall accent is a nice touch as well. The staff seemed knowledgeable but a bit robotic for my taste. To start, we ordered a bottle of the El Coto Rioja Crianza 2007. We then moved on to the tableside mixed guacamole which is yummy but probably worth your calories for the whole week! The salsa they give you with the chips was super disappointing. I felt like we were dipping our chips into a bowl of cheap store bought watered down tomato sauce. Our appetizer we shared was the Colorado lamb with the rice and lamb chirizo. It was very impressive in presenation and flavor profile. I was blown away that I felt maybe we shouldn't have gotten an entree and just had more of the lamb. Our entree that we shared was the Chirizo Porchetta (pork shoulder, chorizo, fresh rosemary, cotija, white bean puree, sweet garlic crema w/chirizo gastrique). It was pretty tasty, however, we both agreed that the pork was a bit dry.\n\nTo summarize, atmosphere is a 5, cleanliness 5, food/wine 4, service 3/4 and yes I would recommend this place to others.
Even though I live closer to a different Asian market, I take the time to drive a little further for the great selection and prices at Lee Lee.  They have just about anything you would need to make any Asian or Asian-inspired dish.  And it's not just strictly Asian food.  They have aisles for Indian products, European and British products, and Hispanic products, among others.\n\nThere is so much to find here. A decent produce section caters mostly to those looking for Asian vegetables.  The bakery aisle is stocked with an assortment of trucked-in (not made in-house) breads and a few sweets.  At the back of the store you can find a seafood counter and meat section that has both fresh and frozen meats.  Again, I cannot emphasize enough how reasonable most of the prices are!  On the other side of the store is huge freezer section full of items too numerable to list.  In the center you can find aisles full of kitchen gadgets, pots, pans, steamers, dishes, and even a beer/liquor section.  A small restaurant and snack counter are located near the entrance of the store, but I have yet to try either of them.\n\nThis is just a great overall Asian market.  I can easily spend over an hour just browsing the aisles.  So glad I found this place!
What I like about Windsor is its unpretentious style. At the same time it has a great style, great decor for a small neighborhood restaurant. I like that they have smaller portions (right portions.. don't be afraid you will leave hungry). Patio is nice and interior is connected with Churn- a place where you get your cookies, ice cream and some fun stuff. I really like the bar area. It is large and old fashion in the good sense of the word. what I would like to see at Windsor is seasonal menu. changing 4 times a year. After eating there 10 times you kind of run out of options.
The Vig was great!  We ordered the following-\nApps:\nChips and Guac-- YUM, good chips\nSweet Potato Fries-- good but not great\nSpinach Dip- v. good\n\nVig-azz burger-- it was big and it was good.  \nPasta Special-- delish\n\nCheesecake-- excellent\n\nThe parking was a bit nightmarish but whatever, I am downtown a lot so I am used to it by now.  It's valet ($3) or you have to park across the street on the west side of the Checks Cashed joint. \n\nLots of cocktails-- everyone seemed to enjoy them all.  We were a group of 5 and the booth was perfect.  The setting was chill, just a really good experience.  I am looking forward to my next night out at The Vig!
I got two pieces of chicken, mac and cheese, and refried beans with a Coke for under $7.  The chicken was very good tasting, juicy and cooked just right.  The mac and cheese was delicious.  I got this order to go and they had me sit down at a table and the waitress brought the check and my drink over.  It was very nice and relaxing after the morning I had.  They have R&B playing and ESPN on the flat screen tv, so I had no problem waiting for my food to cook.  The restaurant is very clean and everyone was very polite!!  Next time I go back, I want something with BBQ sauce, it smells wonderful!
MMM! Can you say delicious? You actually won't be saying anything because your mouth will be full of Pad Thai and the Coconut Milk Curry soup! This place was introduced to me by a friend who threw her anniversary party here and it was the best place for service!\n\nI absolutely love the Thai Tea and Thai Coffee they serve. It is a definite on the menu of items to try. \n\nI absolutely love the decor. Very ornate and very clean!
The house beer here... My friend and I dropped in here for our first times and ordered it. The sweet aroma of that brew was hard to pinpoint. I said some sort of berry, he said orange, and our waitress claimed cannabis. From that point on I was sold.\n\nOverall, I like this place. The look and ambience of the Roosevelt with their beer selection and presentation makes for a wholly enjoyable experience. It's definitely worth all the trouble trying to find the place. Depending on how you look at it, the size of this place is either a pro or a con. It's a good thing in that it builds a relaxed and quiet atmosphere, but it might be a negative in the case where the space gets filled easily. The bar is literally a house that they converted which I find cool, but I will admit that some of the rooms give off a claustrophobic feel.\n\nThe Roosevelt definitely is and will be a staple of the burgeoning arts district, so try to go by there before it becomes too well known. Make sure to check out the crazy good berry-citric-weed beer too and keep the secret to yourself.
So far, I can only review the bar for this place, but that's all one needs to be sold on Haus Murphy's. Virtually anything and everything I could think of was stocked in the dense cabinets, and the tap selection was amazing. Amazing, I tell you! Now, I've never had German beer, but my Dunkel Optimiser hit the spot and packed quite a punch. Would drink again, especially since you can get it as a 32. oz. Are you up to that challenge?\n\nOf course, the overall atmosphere also rocks. I've walked by here a million times and seen the live polka and such. Consider this a place a glimpse of a culture you won't see too often around these parts. Can't wait to tell you about the food!
"""My boyfriend and I like to come here now just for the dessert.  He's not into paying to cook his own food so the allure of the meal packages doesn't work on him.  But, dessert we will both do, and the Melting Pot is one of our favorite places to do so.\n\nI love the variety that you get with the dessert fondue: cheesecake, pound cake, brownies, cream puffs, strawberries, bananas, multiple types of marshmallows, and pineapples are all cut up into mini pieces perfect for feeding each other behind the closed curtain.  We always choose the turtle (chocolate and caramel with pecan nuts), and request the dark chocolate instead of the milk chocolate for those extra antioxidants.  \n\nWe recently came to the one on Ray Rd for our Anniversary on New Year's and I was especially pleased with the service.  The waiter not only recommended the correct size we would need for the two of us without trying to upsell us and leave us with way too many leftovers, but he also brought us extra pieces of our favorite \bites\"""" when we had finished to make sure we were happy and the extra chocolate didn't go to waste. \n\nI really appreciated the great service and the great food, and for that I say Thank You Melting Pot!"""""""
Stayed here on a business trip Mon 7/11 thru Thurs 7/14 and my experience was great! I researched other reviews before I decided on staying at this hotel since it appeared to be a party spot on the weekends. I called to make my reservation (instead of on line) and was assured that it would be quiet during the week. During the first night I heard a few people talking next door but not too late, other than that it was nice and peaceful the entire stay. I had a standard room and it was huge, decorated beautifully and I love the decor. Was looking for a different hotel with some character and this one definitely did not disappoint! I liked that every room has a balcony and a nice comfy lounge chair to enjoy outside. The mini bar was fully stocked. Beds were really comfy, and plenty of space for me to do work in the evenings. My only complaint (which was minor) was that I had a view of the empty dirt lot across the street which wasn't very pretty. It seemed like there weren't very many people staying at the hotel and I would have liked a room with courtyard view but by the time I got settled in my room, didn't feel like being moved. The bar and lounge area is comfy and there were lots of business travelers so it was a great environment. Ate dinner at the bar one night while I watched the baseball all star game on one of the flat screen tv's and food was really good. Service was excellent and staff really friendly. Valets were quick and service was excellent. I never had to wait for than 5 minutes for my car. My only regret is that I didn't have time to use the workout center but looked like nice equipment and it overlooked the pool through big glass windows. Location was excellent for me, it's within minutes of the 101 freeway. \n\nOverall great experience and I am planning to come back to this hotel on vacation with my husband. This is my spot to stay for all my business trips to AZ!
"""To start of the new year, we were in Phoenix. My cousin recommended this place and he was able to make reservations via Open Table for the 6 of us. Our reservations were for 7pm, but they were that packed that we didn't get seated until around 7:30. It's a cozy lil place and when we finally did get seated we sat in the \governor's corner.\""""\n\nThey had a lot of drink specials which I would have loved to try, but I was feeling under the weather. I ended up ordering the Cedar Planked Salmon. I made my husband get the special for the night,  ribeye surf and turf (basically shrimp, sausage and scallops on a stick as the surf part). My salmon was a slightly over cooked and I wasn't a fan of the horseradish potatoes, but I ended up trading the potatoes with my husband's potatoes which were so much better. =) He seemed like he enjoyed his meal and he ended up eating the rest of mine too. (That's what husband's are good for ;)) In any case, I loved the atmosphere and the company. We ended up getting two free desserts with the kitchen being backed up and the wait for the table. We ended up with the croissant bread pudding and the warm chocolate torte. Both were delicious, but the warm chocolate torte was my favorite. \n\nOverall, service was good especially for a busy night and food was decent. I would definitely want to come back to try some drink specials and more desserts. =)"""""""
I'm glad that great customer service can still be experienced at a Nordstrom. Sadly, this one is about 800 miles away from where I live.\n\nI expected the Scottsdale Nordstrom to be as or more upity than my neighboorhood Cherry Creek spot, but was plensantly surprised. The customer service was great, and when my helper had to transfer to a another customer that arrived before me, he made sure that I was covered by someone else. Nice.\n\nWhen I go to Nordstrom, I don't expect great prices, but do expect good quality and great customer service. The Scottsdale employees got it right.
So I've been going to this Chino Bandido place off and\non for a number of years. Great concept - Chinese/Mexican\n(Con)fusion without any pretense. At the original location\nby the horsey races they give Chino Bandido virgins the\nwhole flavor sample deal - you almost get a full meal just\ntrying all the different possible fillings. So in this\nChandler location I didn't notice that whole ritual. It\nis more of just figure out what you want and fill out the order\nsheet. \n   The order sheet seems to trip up a lot of folks.\nIt ain't rocket science or quantum finance, folks. Don't\neven look at the sheet. Figure out what you want to eat\nfirst and then look at the sheet (see photo) and figure out \nhow to express that. \n  It's easy. You get 14 items to choose from: Carnitas, Chile\nRelleno, Chinese BBQ Pork, Egg Foo Yung, Gringo Chicken, Hengrenade\nChicken, Jade Red Chicken, Jen Red Pork, Jerk Chicken, Emerald\nChicken, Teriyaki Chicken, Veggie Salad, Pollo Diablo, and Machaca.\nGot all that? Now you can choose to get this as a rice bowl, \ncombination, Quesadilla, or Burrito. \n   For the rice bowl, you just choose one item with steamed rice or\noptional beans as well. You can also add fried rice for 75 cents.\n   For the combo, you can choose two different items (it says 1-20 \nbut I think they meant 14) and circle either BLK for Black or REF for \nrefried beans. Then you also choose what type of fried rice you want. \nJFR for Jerk Fried Rice, CFR for Chicken Fried Rice, PKFR for pork \nfried rice, and PLFR for plain fried rice. This is pretty much the \nfull-on big plate. You can also get the items in either a burrito or \na quesadilla by specifying a Q or B. This way you get a burrito or\nquesadilla in addition to your fried rice and beans. \n   You can also get items as Quesadillas. You can mix more than one\nitem together if you're daring. Same with the burritos. \n   You can also order the rice and beans as a separate side if you \ndidn't get the rice bowl or combo and wanted it anyway. You can get\nit as a pint or quart as well if you want to take some home.\n   Finally, the cookies. You get a free cookie anyway but if one ain't\nenough they have a space for you to order half a dozen or a dozen.\n   Drinks - pretty much self explanatory. I like this place. I don't need\nan endorsement by Guy Fieri to justify my liking this place. This is \nan occasional lunch outing with co-workers when the mood strikes. Lately\nI've just been getting Quesadillas and Burritos and skipping the whole\nrice and beans thing. I don't need to fall asleep in any meetings thank\nyou. :) One thing about this location - even though you don't need \nhigher education to fill out the order form you might still need a \nsextant, compass, telescope, and charts to find the place. The Google\nmap makes it look like it is right on Chandler but it's deep southeast \ninto the mall. Lots of parking but not necessarily right next to the\nplace during the lunch rush.
The NICEST people work there, always cheerful and sweet, even if they have not slept the night before. :)  5 stars for the service.  Minus one (tiny issue) for the strength of the coffee.  But then again, an extra shot is only $.25 so it's not a big deal.  \n\nIf you are trying to avoid caffeine, their Italian/French Soda is yummy too! Love to mix the strawberry and vanilla + cream. Add some whip cream and hmmm...heavenly (so healthy too...LOL)!
"""My man had a wild hair to go here tonight and so we went. We both ordered top sirloin, but his came with a bleu cheese butter sauce on top. Mine came with no toppings, and the waitress didn't offer steak sauce. Hmm. Since I like my steak well done, one would surmise that I would probably want something to dip it in or pour over it, n'est-ce pas? But no. We waited for her to come back, he asked her for steak sauce and she comes back and puts it on HIS side of the table. You know, the side with the steak that already has a topping. Uhduh? \n\nAlso, I ordered my steak well done and it was perfect, albeit DRY as there was no sauce and I almost choked on it. But he ordered his medium, and it came out with no pink. Huh?\n\nAll in all, a good deal for the dinners which were around $16 each. Good calamari app. Nom nom. The wine I chose was delicious - a blend, they're usually better. The garlic mashed potatoes were yummy too. This is the 2nd time we've dined here since moving to Phoenix and I still give it a thumbs up. The first time I enjoyed the \Enlightened Thai Chicken Mango Salad\"""" and highly recommend it if you're into that kind of dish. But if you order steak, be careful to order it less done than you really want it. I probably could've played hockey or maybe football with mine. Good gracious.\n\nNo other snafu's tonight, except that the tables outside were a bit too close and as the large party next to us was being seated, my boyfriend had a bunch of butts in his face. Back that ass up, ladies....actually, WE had to push our table away twice. And later a waiter was trying to carry like a million plates away from a table and of course he dropped them and scared us, giving us a few more grey hairs (thanks a lot). This stuff happens and it's like eh, whatever, who cares. But these details do kind of dampen the ambiance. \n\nReally love the large selection of everything! Iron out the deets, BJ's Brewhouse!"""""""
First it was kosher. Then it was kosher-style. Now it's kosher again (and has been for several years.) The recipes never changed - the politics of this silly town did.\n\nAnd all along, it's been my favorite little Jewish bakery in town. Chompies is nothing in comparison!\n\nThe Raspberry Delight cake has been my favorite cake EVER, consistently, for about 20 years. I've even given it as a birthday cake and anniversary cake to loved ones. Don't let the small size fool you - this thing packs a wallop of flavor!\n\nThe breads are always consistently really good. This morning, the Fantastic Mr. It's Complicated and I were in, and he opted for a marble rye. A gorgeous, perfect, deceptively heavy super crusty rye. YUM!\n\nI avoid the butter cookies as much as I can. Mostly because once I eat one, I won't stop until they're all gone. Yes, I have eaten almost a full pound in one day. Not a pretty sight.\n\nAll the other cookies, cakes, mondelbread, hamentaschen, etc. are top notch, too.\n\nSo nice to have a real old school kosher bakery in the hood!
The first couple of times I went to Nee House I was unimpressed.  We had ordered typical stuff off their American menu, which was okay but nothing to rave about. Then I dined there with a Chinese friend who ordered off their Chinese menu, and my opinion of Nee House did a 180 degree turn.  If you're ready to be a little adventurous, you're in for a taste treat!  I love their steamed fish, which is slathered in a delicate, flavorful broth.  The Kowloon Crab is a garlicky treat, but wear old clothes when you dig into this sticky hands-on goodie or your next stop might have to be the dry cleaners.  Other favorites are the Szechuan Green Beans and Garlic Eggplant.
Good sushi + a good price = winner. It's hard to find a decent place for sushi that doesn't cost an arm and a leg...except at dozo. Here you get the best of both. I really like the amount of specialty rolls they have here and the favor combos. The prices for the rolls are great too with the specialty rolls topping out at like $11-12 for 8 rather large pieces and they don't skimp on the fish in them. A good judge is that a  negihama roll had not chopped yellowtail but slices of fish and plenty of scallion for i think $5.\n\nThe only things keeping this place from a 5 star are that it can take awhile to get the food (even when you are the only people there) and some of the rolls aren't wrapped well so it's hard to pick them up with chopsticks. But These are really outweighed by the quality of the fish and the prices.
So good! Driving around Phoenix on a Saturday night looking for Italian, checking yelp, and we find Aiello's - what a treat!\n\nCozy ambiance, enticing aromas greet you as you walk in the door. Smells the way I want an Italian restaurant to small - warm, slightly tomatoey, garlicky - welcoming :0)\n\nWe were quickly seated though the place was crowded. Warm breads and spicy dipping peppers brought to table with drinks.....mmmmmmm.\n\nService was friendly and knowledgeable - owner Joe stopped by to check in\n- was visible in the dining room throughout our visit - nice wine list - my medium red was smooth and fruity - entrees plentiful and prepared as you order them....this is not The Olive Garden! We were happy with both our choices and hope to return!! \n\nWine, salad and entree for me was $30- excellent value for service and experience!!! Big recommendation for Aiello's !!!!!
How this place has less than four stars is a mystery to me. I have been 5 times and have taken out of towners here 2 out of the 5 and they all left saying it was yummy too. The El Presidential Especiale is a MUST - i order 86 the onions and add machaca/shredded beef. They are a simple yummy combination with their rice and beans. This is just straight up classic mexican food - not for the snobby. So if you want a more classy joint that's less authentic - hit up Z'Tejas cause this place is not for you. The hot salsa in the ketchup bottles is always a sign of a great mexican joint (and it's hot AND tastey - a combination not many get correct). I will say their chips can be a little on the less crunchy, more oily side but they are more than happy to replace that with some that are a little more to your liking. And their margs are delish as well. This place deserves a 4 because of consistency, friendly and accomodating atmosphere and just downright solid take on enchiladas - red sauce is spot on. Thanks Tee Pee for being our go-to for Mexican food in the Valley of the Sun!
This place was packed on a Tuesday night. Granted it was during Spring Training, but I don't think they have a problem filling the joint. It's got a great atmosphere. The bar seemed fun with live music playing and lots of people enjoying themselves. \n\nThe food... If you love enormous portion sizes, then this is your place. I had the petite fillet and couldn't finish it, which I was very sad about because it was one of the best steaks I've ever had. My husband had the bone in fillet, which was terrific as well. For sides we just ordered one because we knew we wouldn't be able to finish more than that. We had the crab gnocchi, which was great, but a little too rich for me -- not the restaurant's fault - bad ordering on our part. We didn't have room for dessert. Oh, one of the reasons we didn't have room for dessert is because we ate too much of the amazing bread basket they bring you. Pretzel bread, olive bread, amazing sourdough rolls - all worth trying. \nThe service was OK. Definitely some room for improvement. Overall though, the experience was good and you can't dock them for the service because the food shines. \nThis place would be great on an expense account.
They are everything and more of what you expect from a local, neighborhood breakfast/lunch cafe.  They don't pretend to be something they're not.  There's no hype, just some odd decor, good seating (mostly booths),  good food and friendly service.    \n\nWe meet our friends here for breakfast almost every weekend.  Is it the best breakfast I've ever had? No, but it's always exactly what we order.  The pancakes are great.  The coffee is good and always flowing.  The eggs always come out perfectly cooked.  The egg salad sandwich is a winner.  Friend typically gets a salad and it looks nice and fresh.  There's nothing that really stands out but stick with the basics and you're good to go.  \n\nWe're never rushed out of our booth even though we stay a little bit longer than we should.  Kelsey knows us all by name and we love being greeted by her smiling face and quirky personality.    \n\nI'm always a fan for a place that is clean and makes me feel at home.
What a wonderful place!  There was nothing on the menu that I wouldn't get along with.  It took me a while to decide because everything sounded fantastic.\n\nI started with one of their fresh squeezed/blended juices (ginger, agave and soda).  It was light, refreshing and REALLY good.  Highly recommend this one.\n\nI finally decided on the tuna sliders which comes with a side of kale salad or roasted sweet potatoes per the menu.  Our server told us that we could get it with 'half and half' sides.  So, of course, I went half kale salad and half sweet potatoes.\n\nThe sliders were good but the size of the tuna in each was not real consistent - the reason for 4 stars vs 5 stars.  Another person in our group also ordered the sliders.  For my two, one of my sliders had a really thin piece of tuna and the other one had about a 1/2 thick chunk.  The other order had different size pieces too - strange.\n\nI usually don't order dessert but was really tempted by the 'stellar' Banana Chocolate Caramel Tart as described by our server.  'Stellar' was the perfect description for this masterpiece.  The chocolate crust contained mesquite flour which I found really unusual as I had never had it before.  We visited the Desert Botanical Garden and learned about the mesquite tree/shrub and the guide told us how they make flour from it.\n\nService was absolutely top notch FANTASTIC!  Our server was super helpful and knew that menu backwards and forwards and knew all the ingredients/spices in everything. \n\nI wish we had this kind of a place in central Illinois!
There's this Chinese math teacher at the school I work at (I know, how cliche right?) and he's been telling me all year that I HAVE to go here, and that it's the most authentic Chinese food around town.  So finally, I did.  I have no idea about authenticity, but I do know it was delicious and cheap.  It was pretty crowded on the day we came in, but we found our own seat and waited a few minutes before menus were brought to us.  There are about a billion choices, all of them priced well under 10 bucks.  This place simply cannot be beat for value.  \n\nAbsolutely clueless about what to order, I stuck with what I knew, and got the Orange Chicken Bowl, an egg roll and a can of soda that only cost 92 cents.  Our food didn't take too long, and my egg roll came out first.  It was so tasty!  It was packed full of good stuff and the sauce to dip it in was quite good.  My Orange Chicken Bowl came out in the shape of a plate.  I thought that was odd, but who really cares.  The orange chicken was really good.  It had a bright flavor and the sauce was just thick enough to cover the chicken properly.  The fried rice was the best fried rice I have ever had.  I still think about it actually.\n\nI would definitely love to come back to this place, especially since it is right by the Light Rail.  Hopefully I will be better prepared to order something a little more adventurous next time.
This lake is a hidden lil gem... well, I'm sure it's well-known to people who have lived in the Phoenix area for a long time but we stumbled across it yesterday while driving around, taking pictures of cacti.  (yeah - i know)\n\nIt's so cute and quaint.  Not a big lake or major water sports destination but, it has a lil restaurant and a marina... and yesterday it was a nice destination and provided some great photos.  \n\nI'll return this summer!. :)\n\nSee ya there!
Being from the North Carolina coast and now living in Glendale, Arizona I find that the food I miss the most is seafood. Clearly living in Arizona limits my ability to find good, fresh seafood-let alone trying to find well prepared seafood. Tonight I found fresh seafood that was prepared just the way I like it-fried with extra sides of tartar sauce, cocktail sauce, coleslaw (mayo not red), and a healthy selection of domestic beer. \n\nTy, the server at the counter, was helpful and very interested in making sure the dining experience was met with great service. While the atmosphere left you feeling like you may end up with a pirate cap (e.g. Long John Silver), the beach music on the radio made me feel like I was home. \n\nThis wonderful little find came to me by pure accident as my wife was giving me directions to Next Place Coffee (see my next review) and mistakenly gave me 59th and Union Hills as cross-streets. Great mistake, babe, because we were treated to a little bit of home. \n\nI'd recommend Oscar's Pier 83 to anyone in the market for a quick, well prepared dinner.
Nice location in heritage park.  Beautiful home turned into nice restaurants.  A brief look at the menu had us pulling up our yelp app for some information on what to get.  Unfortunately the pork belly buns everyone was raving about was not available.\n\nWe chose: Grapefruit and Hamachi, Big-Eye Tuna Tataki, Seabass and Mushroom, and finally the pork belly and rice.  Every dish was succulent.  They were on the small side, and I understand this is how tapas works, so you can share it, but it still left me feeling just a tad hungry.  Still the food was amazing and the flavors simply perfect.
Though I rarely visit this place, I still find it the best place to fix your burger with your choice of condiments. Though the appetizers come in small doses, the onion rings are sweet and the zucchini are bite size. It has a nice open space.You can watch the current college game while waiting in line to place your order or find the best seating that you can watch it from afar. \n\n[Some day, hope to see someone order the Retirement burger.]
Very, very hip, trendy place to hang out.  They have it all here. Great place for families and hipsters alike.  The shopping looks really cool with vintage clothing galore.  The PF Flyers were especially interesting.  Tried the famliy pack of Sliders, Brisket, Sausage, Meatball and Tuna. They also have Egg and Chicken I think.  Also tried the Apple Fritter desert.  Very good.  The night I went was the first night they tried music.  it seemed to go over well and the owner, Steve told me they plan to have more music acts in the coming months. \n\nSince I mentioned Steve, the owner, Let's go ahead and mention the staff.  The second I walked into the place I was greeted by an employee.  Welcomed and given the nickel tour.  The Staff at the bar and the trailer-kitchen (More about that in a min) were very friendly.  \n\nThe creative use of the space was so interesting. Its one of those places that the first time you are there you just sit and look around the space.  Vintage records hang from the wall, An authentic Hamm's Bear beer statue. Original Brick walls and exposed building trusses. \n\nNow to the vintage Airstream travel trailer.  They use it as an outdoor kitchen. You order your food from a picnic table and they make it in the trailer/kitchen.  Very Cleaver.  \n\nFor me, the best part was the vintage cocktails. I have been reading a lot about the trend to recreate old style cocktails that for one reason or another are not made anymore. Drinks like the old-fashion, the Cuba Libre, or Rusty Nail.  I could go on about the authentic soda fountain, the bakery and ice cream if I had more time. I will just say go to the Duce and see for yourself \n\nOne slight bummer is the prices.  Slightly expensive. $8 bucks for 3 sliders.  $10 for a desert that was pretty small.  Cocktails are all $10 and above. They seem to try to offer some inexpensive alternatives $3 for PBR's and Hamm's beer.  That may be a fun novelty but the reason those beers are nearly defunct is because they suck. I guess if you want to save some cash by chocking down some horrible beer, Knock  yourself out.  But if you want to get something decent, you need to be prepared to pay just a little more at the Duce. \n\nAll in all I highly recommend this place. Go check it out for yourself.  I know I am looking forward to my next visit.
Suzie's is a cool place if you set your expectations properly. The food is decent, not overly memorable but definitely good for the price. The service is always mediocre at best ... but consistent. The atmosphere is hole in the wall / old & crusty ... but that gives it character. I'm particularly fond of Friday night's when they have a mariachi band crammed in the corner playing. Don't go out of your way for this place, but if you're in the neighborhood it's worth a stop.
I am gonna go out on a limb and say they could have THE best chicken fajita burrito in the valley, if not this side of Rocky Point!!!  I felt like the chicken had been pulled from the coop out back and flavored from grandmas long lost recipe.  And their tortilla!!!  I know that Carolinas has been winning the tortilla award for the last 20 years, but I think Revo will give them a run for the money in the next go round.  All of this greatness was accompanied by fresh raspberry/strawberry lemonade that was just like the fresh stuff you get at the fair!\nI was not as much of a fan of the shredded beef... but that is fine I don't need anything else but there chicken!  the other negative no cervesa or margaritas!!!
My boyfriend and I wanted to try someplace new. We have drove by Scramble several times so on this particular morning after we took the kids to daycare we stopped in for breakfast. It's nice and clean inside, you walk in to read a big menu and place your order at the counter. They give you a number to put on your table and the waitress brings your food out.  Both of our food was good, will be back to try different items.
"""Awesome concept, love the idea of a health-conscious fast food joint, but as far as \fast\"""" goes I think they could speed up their game for their drive-thru just a bit.  Last few times I ordered food through the drive-thru it took about 10-15 mins for a drink and breakfast sandwich.  Plus, when I got the sandwich it was just a little bit sogalicious. However, today I thought I'd give them another try and sit inside.  Was a little more impressed with their service and food this go-around.  The guys working were cracking me up, very witty and sarcastic--kinda like the personable attitude of a West Coast coffee house; super laid back like hanging in a friend's kitchen.  I ordered their traditional breakfast burrito and it was very D'lish, not soggy but very hearty and filling, eggs were perfectly seasoned and loved the flavor of the salsa.  Definitely willing to try this place again, but from now on I'll probably sit inside or put in a pre-order.  Really wish their hours went a lot later through the evening instead of closing at 4pm. I think they could probably triple their business if opened at night given the location.\n\nUpdate 08/25:  Just gave this place an additional star...I've been more and more impressed w/ DLish because they've definitely sped up their drive-thru game!  I look forward to continuing my dining business with them again and again!  Would rather support local caf\u00e9s over any mega-tron monopolies (*cough* Starbucks).  Also, just recently tried their blackbean and quinoa burger...ummm yeah, very DEEElicious, super ++ !"""""""
I recently revisited Coach House for the Yelp in Bloom after party, so it's time for an update and fresh in my mind... \n\nAnd after reading my original review, my husband kindly informed me that Coach House did indeed remodel several years back.  They added an outdoor bar, some hanging outdoor heaters, and additional patio space.  \n\nFor some reason, the extra outdoor space does nothing to hide the odor of stale cigarettes and sticky beer spills.  Don't get me wrong, I love a dive bar every once-in-awhile, especially when it's super close to my house, but Coach House will never be a regular in my rotation... and will always require a good ten minute shower and shampoo / conditioning rinse of my hair.  They may have remodeled but some things never change... including the dive bar scent at Coach House!
"""Stopped by here for lunch today, just kind of on a whim. I'd never been in the old Marvin's Garden diner, but it didnt seem like much could have changed. Hell, the booths even have signs saying you can't sit there as a single between 11-2, lol.\n\nWhen I walked in the side door, a woman looked at me and held up one finger, so I nodded yes I'm alone. She put a menu down at the counter and had a bowl of celery soup and an egg roll before I got there. Pretty good start. I took a glance at the menu and ordered the cashew nut chicken and it came within 5 minutes. The place definitely seemed to have perfected the \quick lunch\"""" concept. The service was flawless from start to finish, as well. Everything I had, including the usually bland celery soup was delicious. The cashew nut chicken being probably my favorite asian dish I've had in quite some time. It all seemed very light and on the healthy side as well.\n\nI ended up with a bill of $7.33 which for the amount of food, and the quality of food, and the quality of service, I was very pleased with. They are doing a lot of things right here, and I think this will be a very successful restaurant in the Midtown dining scene. I only hope the best for them as it really is great."""""""
"""I had a need for a box truck to move some recently purchased furnishings. I went to this location because it is close, large and has had the same owner for years. I was in a truck in ten minutes.\n\nI delivered the goods and upon return Michael says \keeping it on the card?\"""" I said yes and he said I was good to go.  Only 60 seconds at the return desk.\n\nTotal cost:\n.89 per mile = $10.68\nrental rate = $19.95\nenvironmental fee = $1.00\ntax = $5.16\nsub total = $36.79\nfuel = $5.00\n\ntotal = $41.79"""""""
I haven't been to Coach and Willie's in a few years, and I was delightfully surprised at all of the things I forgot about.\n\nThe decor is way nice for a sports bar. Dark wood, marble topped bar.  It's just so pretty.\n\nA great selection of draught beer and bottles.  They even have Rogue Hazelnut Brown on Tap!! YAY!\n\nAnd, the last time I was here I was still a vegetarian and hooked on the garlic and spinach cheese sticks which are actually wrapped and fried like an egg roll.  We had them as an appetizer and they are as good as I remember.  Also served with two dipping sauces - ranch and a heavy marinara.  I wish they had some imagination inspired sauce, but they definitely did the trick.\n\nAnd then I had the burger.  I ordered the Three Alarm burger with fries.  When the waitress brought it out, I was astounded by the amount of food on the plate.  It was HUMONGOUS.  I barely made a dent in the fresh cut french fries which were yummy, but not crispy enough for my taste.  The burger was so huge I actually had to open it up and eat it with a knife and fork sans bun and accoutrements.  It wasn't even barely spicy, but I didn't mind because it was such a good burger perfectly grilled to order.\n\nI felt horrible for eating so little of what was on my plate.  However, there was no way I was going to put the not-crispy-enough-for-me fries in a styrofoam box to take home.  And I ate what I wanted off the burger, the rest was extraneous.\n\nNext time: I'll ask for a plain burger and 1/4 of the normal amount of fries or some other side.
These guys are open again! Its great to have a shop dedicated to the DH community back in Phoenix.\n\nWent to their grand opening last week. Not only did they have a fleet of demo Konas and Intenses to try out, they paid Gnar Gnar Shuttles to take us up the hill for the day. New bikes to play with AND free shuttles? You can't beat that with a stick, hammer and a mandate from the Supreme Court!\n\nReally glad to have them back in Phoenix!
I have to show my love for Dolce and Caesar, the owner, again. I told him about an event I was having in November called CupcakeCamp. We were just chatting; I wasn't fishing for anything and he readily offered to donate coffee for the event. Now, that shows good business sense to really put yourself out in the community!\n\nI hate seeing how little business he gets in the mornings compared to week nights and weekends. I really wish more people would pull over while going thru the Camelback Corridor. Besides really good coffee, the man knows how to make good breakfast burritos and sandwiches. Cesar is a hardworking, kind and dependable proprietor. I really hope more people stop by and give this place a chance. It's actually opened late too!
Wow, this place has been open for just a month and I am the sixth review.  At first I was disappointed with the service, it was a little slow, but it turns out that we got there right before the next shift started.  Our server was very knowledgeable about wines and helped me make a great choice -- I concur with Natalie the pour was generous.  As we were getting ready to leave Bruno, chef and owner came by to talk to us.  He was very friendly (like his staff) and I can't wait for the next visit when I am in the area again.
I am a fan of big and tasty sandwiches but have had very few really good ones as of late. That is until I tried this place. I was in the area and decided to give the them a try after spotting their sign. When I first walked in I noticed the place was empty (normally a bad sign) but it was a Thursday afternoon so no big. This was my first time eating here so I took a few minutes to see what they had to offer. The sandwiches here come in different sizes from a small 5 inch to a 2 foot extra long, which makes it easy to decide what to order depending how hungry you are.\n\nThe 8 inch sub is easily enough for one really hungry person or two not so hungry people. Seriously it is about the size of a subway foot long and taste way better to! You have three choices when it comes to bread. They are white, wheat, and sourdough. I chose sourdough for my sandwich and it was chewy and seemed to be really fresh. Like most sub shops they also have a selection of pre selected combos (18 to be exact) with toppings like Ham, Turkey, Pastrami, Salami, Capicolla, Roast Beef, and Tuna. The cheese selection includes Provolone, Swiss, Smokey Cheddar & American\n\nWhat makes this place so different from most sandwich joints is the fact that they hand slice your meat when you order it. No more slimy meat that has been sitting in a case for hours and floating in weird juices Yuck! Finally a place that understands that it is OK to take the time to slice meat for each customer because it makes for a better tasting sandwich. One that a customer will want to come back for over and over again\n\nFor me this place set the bar so high most of the other chain places will never be able to compare with the quality of not only the food but the great customer service that I received from this place. It is not often that a place is able to make such a great impression on me (read my other reviews) but I will definitely make sure to give them my business the next time I am in the mood for a sandwich. The only thing that brought their score down was the fact that they had no customer parking and I had to pay to park in the garage. Yes I understand it is Tempe but why not at least offer to validate my parking LOL.
It was my first time at the market, I spent the day there at Kids Korner Hanging out with Gabi decorating Yelp Bags. The kids booth is just as busy as any of the other vendors it was a lot of fun! \n\nI made a few laps and was really happy to see all the fresh produce and food items. I bought organic golden beets, tri-colored carrots, broccoli, butternut squash, meyer lemons, sweet potatoes, romaine and something that I don't even remember what it is ;-) at McClendons. \n\nI tried some amazing vegan tamales....SOLD! I'm not even vegan but they were delicious with corn, spinach and mushrooms. \n\nI had an equally delicious Raw Organic Vegan wrap from Chef Sarah's booth (not me) (see pics) It had Almond Hummus, Tapenade, and a bunch of veggies and greens all wrapped up in a collard green leaf. \n\nI also bought 3 loaves of bread from the Phoenicians IL Terrazzo. \nA Rosemary, A Pecan, Raisin and Currant and Ridiculously tasty Chocolate Cherry Sourdough which didn't even make it through the night! \n\nI topped it all off with a scoop of Love in the form of Basil Lime Sorbet from Sweet Republic. \n\nIt was a great day and I will be back!
Great little deli dine in martket.  I come here for a sandwhich or sub that's truly unique.  Yea you can hit up subway but ewwww!!!!  This place serves up some mouth watering examples of a proscuitto sub or eggplant parm that are STELLAR!!!  If you're a kitchen pro or a mad scientist their choice of ingredients in the market are inspiring for the next set of recipes!  Though the hours are a bit brief whenever you can catch this place open you'll be more than happy that you did.  Always a great suggestion for first timers and I'll definately be back for more!
Each week a different family member gets to pick where to eat after church. My daughter's (6yo) pick this week was Pacific Seafood Buffet, she loves any buffet but this one has left an impression on her for some reason. We have been there a few times before and they always have fresh Asian buffet style food. I like the Sushi... while it is your normal American style rolls, the chef will take special requests if you ask. They also have a few unique items that rotate at different times... and allow you to experiment.\n\nA tip... go for a early dinner or late lunch, esp if you like things like the Crab Legs (Snow), as those things tend to go fast when the place is full (always been full when I go for dinner). And a side note - I hate it when one person takes like 20 legs full plate...and leaves none for anyone else....but oh well.
This place pleasantly surprised me. For years I've looked over at this sandwich joint as I walked into one of my all-time favorite lunch time spots Essence Bakery. I ordered today's sandwich special which was a Cajun Grilled Chicken sandwich on a fresh baguette. The flavor of this sandwich literally blew me away! The combination of the spicy grilled chicken, lettuce, melted cheese, saut\u00e9ed green and red peppers with onion was YUMMMY!!! The portion was a little big for me but I managed to scarf down the excess! It was definitely worth the $6.95. I loved the little mini cookie that all the sandwiches come with, it was more or less a sample because I definitely wanted to buy the larger cookie after that tease. My sister had the Sacks Overture which is basically a spruced up Roast Beef sandwich, she said the beef was good but the Horseradish sauce snuck up on her (too bad she doesn't have spice tolerant palate). The place has indoor and outdoor seating. Inside is a little too dim for me, but hey I didn't come there for great ambiance I came for a great sandwich and my mission was accomplished. See ya soon Sacks!
I have been living in phoenix for the past 11 yrs now and have never been here before. i know, its pathetic.\nI went on wednesday with two business associates for a light and loose business meeting.\nwe had a late lunch, about 1:30, so we were seated immediatelly.\nOur server (whom I forgot his name) was a nice honest guy that joined us on a few laughs during the meal.\nOne person ordered the salmon over mash potatoes, and enjoyed it very much, the other guest and my self had the spicy cashew and chicken. Ive had this meal in Chinese restaurants before, and can say this place beat them all hands down. just enough spice, great flavor! \nwe had a couple (ok a few)  margaritas, and mojitos, as well. the drinks were large and very tasty. i had the pineapple. im not a fan of drinks that arrive at the table with umbrellas and all that, so I didnt need the giant pineapple chunk stuck to the side of the glass.\nThe price was fair, 3 people 3 large drinks each, 3 lunches\ncame to about $125.\nwe had a great experience, would recomend anyone to go.
"""so, since i'm a stingy bastard, i've neglected to buy a new upper body or lower body article of clothing in years. i've been doing a bit of shopping at goodwill but i don't technically consider that \new\"""" clothing. \n\non a recommendation, i stopped by H & M just to browse. even though we live around the corner from fashion square, i cannot stand to go there, mainly because i can't really afford to be spending any money there. i mean...luis vitton shoes? what? (i probably didn't even spell it right). \n\nanyway, i was pleasantly surprised at the store's selection. some trendy stuff, but also some general, classic style clothing. the prices are extremely reasonable for a nice, semi-fitted shirt. not too keen on the jeans...don't particularly care for flair on my jeans. \n\ndidn't wind up buying anything, but when i eventually decide to upgrade my wardrobe after 10 years, i will stop here...before the goodwill."""""""
My husband and I went here on a Saturday for lunch; we were seated immediately and our waitress was very attentive. My husband isn't very experienced with sushi, and I'm not exactly an expert either, so she was great about going over the menu and trying to help my husband use the chopsticks (he managed to break the training ones). \n\nMy favorite was the Tunacado and my husband's favorite was the Las Vegas roll. We ordered the pineapple cream cheese wontons for an appetizer and they were good, but nothing to rave about, so I'm glad we got them for free with a coupon. My husband ordered Sake, but the waitress forgot about it (as did we) until the end of the meal, so she gave it to us on the house. I guess Sake is best when sipped throughout the meal, so that was kind of a waste, but at least it was free.\n\nOverall, it was a fun and satisfying sushi experience.
I like this bar alot. The drinks are cheap for the area, not watery and the shenanigans are HILARIOUS!  Drunk kids making out, hands on asses, under skirts- you name it. Of course you have to come after 11pm. I find the men are generally attractive but are sporting the hideous khaki's and flip flops- please with the damn flip flops!!!  Do you think you are Jimmy Buffett?\nOne thing to remember is there is half of the place without a roof, safe in Scottsdale one might say----Wrong!  The first time I went it rained all over my flip flops!
I have been here only once and it was for my best friends birthday.  I made a reservation but it was unfortunately late in the evening because I made it late.  I expected there to be more people since I was told that the only time they had available was 915pm.  I was ok with this but only because it was for my besty.  We arrived and were quickly seated.  Since it was her first time they went over the whole shpeal about how it works.  We started out with the Wisconsin Trio Cheese Fondue.  I had never thought of bleu cheese in a fondue but boy was this rich and creamy.  We thoroughly enjoyed every last bite.  The only dipping item that I didn't enjoy with it was the uncooked broccoli.  We then moved to the Cesar Salad.  The parmesan encrusted pine nuts were so good we spent quite a bit of time talking about it.  We then got the Land & Sea and a side of the teriyaki-marinated sirloin.  The fun of cooking the food soon became apparent.  She had thought that this would be tedious but quickly warmed to it and enjoyed finding the perfect cook time for the shrimp so that the tail slid right off.  She enjoyed finding different dipping sauces for each of her meats and for the veggies.  The night quickly moved to dessert.  When we were kids we would stay up late and watch horror movies and melt chocolate and peanut butter so The Original was a perfect match for us.  By this time we were fairly full and had forgotten to save room for dessert.  But we ate it anyway.  I love the dippers that are provided.  The strawberries are always fresh and sweet, the bananas were good (based on my friends review, again with the stupid allergies),  The cheesecake was rich and creamy, Rice crispy treats are always good and then add peanut butter and chocolate and heaven is tasted, the graham cracker encrusted and oreo encrusted marshmellows are wonderful and I wish I knew how to make them, the poundcake was divine and the brownies were rich.  Needless to say the dessert was a hit.  The price is high but worth it.  Had to take a star away for the late reservation even though they weren't very busy.  The waitress was ok but the experience at the Scottsdale location with the flambe was an added enjoyment.  It is a nice location.
There's only one reason this place gets 5 stars (besides the awesome guy who is usually working) and that is the California Burrito. The rest of the food is pretty much Filibertos-esque but for 4.50 you can get a huge burrito stuffed with carne asada, pico, cheese, and french fries. Make sure to ask for the jalapeno salsa with it as that pretty much takes it from good to awesome. If I'm in Tempe whether studying or drunk and I want some quick food cheap there's a good chance this is what I'll be hitting up.\n\nActually, I lied. The Cali Burrito would earn this place 4 stars but being open 24/7 and having the burrito still delicious and fresh no matter what time I go gets it that 5th star.\n\nUpdate: Lately the Cali has lost something, maybe it's just I've gotten burnt out on it but it just doesn't seem as amazing as it used to. Either way this place is still solid but I can't really give it the 5 stars anymore.
FINALLY got to try this place, after I heard so many great things about it, and seeing it on the Food Network. First time I came was on a Monday a couple months back & they were closed. (SHAKING FIST AT YOU IN ANGER) But now they are open on Mondays.\nYesterday I went in wanting to try the honey blue cheese but they were out, determined to try something odd, I asked for the bacon ice cream- but they only have it on weekend. :(\nSo I ended up trying a few less-odd options, and you can definitely taste the pure simple yet delicious ingredients & quality in this ice cream. Very natural, full of flavor. I recommend the Strawberry. \nI did have a taste of the bacon brittle which had a very strong bacon flavor, personally, I would not recommend it. But the ice cream and regular brittle was very good.\nCan't wait to go back & try the horchata flavor.
"""After I spent several unsuccessful hours shoe shopping, I entered this Steinmart as a last resort and I quickly discovered it should have been my first stop!\n\nI had scouted DSW, Famous Footware and E&J and whenever I found I shoe I liked, I was not willing to pay what they (the \discounters\"""") were asking. This Steinmart had many of the same shoes I eyed at DSW and E&J but for as much as $20/pair less! \n\nSo, this review is as much a future reminder for me as it is intended to help you, my fellow shoe shoppers.\n\nNOTE TO SELF: Looking for shoes? Go to Steinmart FIRST!!"""""""
I thought Suski Roku was great.  It is way better than any hotel restaurant I've been to (except David Burke's Primehouse, of course).  \n\nI had edamame, a california roll and a shima roll -- shrimp wrapped spicy tuna w/ cilantro and avocado.  They were both fresh and excellent.  The nice part was that I could see the sushi man actually making them about 25 feet away.  Nice!  I did think they needed more creative sushi rolls but was definitely happy with the two that I had.  \n\nThe place looks great.  Nice tables, booths, everything.  A little dark with the lack of lighting but I'm fine with that--I know my dad would have complained about how hard it is to read the menu.  \n\nFor hotel guests, I guess they serve non-Asian food here for breakfast and lunch.
"""U like greasy teens? U like old dudes hanging out with greasy teens? U like out of the way dinky little plaza? U like good Mexican food? Yes, it IS good. \I shall comeback\"""" kind of good. \n\nPlace is dinky and out of the way but seems clean and food comes out reasonably quick and it tastes good. There were 3 of us who went there for lunch and we all were happy with our orders. \n\nGood lil' join to stop by and grab a bite in super non-pretentious environment.\n\nOhh yeah!!! Almost forgot - they open 24/7. That is right beatches EVERY SINGLE DAY ALL DAY LONG!!!! Anyone got munches?"""""""
This bar has been part of the valley gay scene for so long... from what i've heard it's been around here for more than twenty years, another landmark but what impresses most is not solely its longevity in Phoenix but that its been in Old Town Scottsdale all this time away from what people call gay Phoenix in downtown. \n\nMy first introduction to BS West was a long time ago... well long to me... back in 2005. I had been to Charlie's, and at one time there was Crowbar which is now Club Downtown. Also had been to Boom! But never heard of BS West until someone mentioned on facebook group of a gay club hidden behind Acme in Old Town. They described it as the gay club down the alley that it was hidden that anyone could easily miss it. So I went with two friends and based on pure curiousty, walked down the alley next to Acme and saw a door (pre-patio days) with a sign above it that said BS West. It was a Sat. and it wasn't too crowded but we were in awe... it was true there was an actual gay bar near Tempe. And that's how I was introduced to the 2-4-1 drink specials and the BS West chips. \n\nThis video bar of which I think is its only kind in Phoenix and really haven't found any other video bars in other gay havens is such a nifty idea. I mean, haven't you ever been in a club and just didn't want to dance but the song is so good, that you gotta do something? well the video bar concept is awesome in that you can drink and watch the music video and kinda dance along... LOVE IT! You can never beat the drink specials here on Wed. which has always been 2-4-1 and Sat nights too. Both nights are crazy packed... that I'm sure it's against fire code but there's no restrictions... just a mass of gay men, and all kinds too, intermingle some queer peers too and it's just a great environment! Strong drinks too. But what I love apart from the drink specials are the poker chips which you can use as currency in the future. Certain colors mean certain drinks like cocktails, shots and the like. The Dj usually plays a good mix but depends who's there and if there having an off night but if you want a good time, strong drinks, and just a packed atmosphere... check out BS West or BS!
"""the breakfast we had deserved 5 stars! my bananas foster french toast was dreamy. it was so light and tasty, with a little crispy on the edges. even tasted what seemed like a hint of nutmeg? damn it was good!\nmy wife got an omelet and said she was happy with it. \nfor my beverage, i treated myself to a spicy bloody mary. it went down too easily. although i didn't really taste any alcohol, when we got up to leave, i got a little buzz on.\n\nthe place was packed on a saturday around 11am-ish. full of ASU kids and what looked like alumni. the interior is clean and bright but it is a bit congested as if they're attempting to pack as many people in as possible. there's a nice patio with misters which is where we chose to sit. \n\nyou order at the counter and then they do the thing where you put a sort of \marker\"""" thing on your table and then the servers bring out your food. personally, when i see this, i'm skeptical because i see alot of servers just kind of wandering around with plates of food looking for the customers. which is what happened to us. after a 15 minute wait, i went up to the counter and apparently they couldn't find us so we didn't get our breakfast. \n\ni whined a little and the manager (i think) came out, sincerely apologized and comp'd us another bloody mary. our food was out in the next 3 minutes. i appreciated his business practice. \n\ni hope we get to try this place again because alot of their items looked super tasty. hopefully we won't have to wait as long though!"""""""
Great place with interesting menu.  I mean how many places in Phoenix serve Duck sandwiches and Duck Pizza.  The salads were also fabulous and everything was very affordable.  Friendly staff and very cool atmosphere and maybe with a few more places like this we can make Phoenix a little more like San Francisco with eclectic fun hip places to eat. Let's give Phoenix a bit of soul and not the bland urban sprawl (with all its chain restaurants) its known for!   This is definitely worth checking out!  If you like Postino's you'll like this place!
"""I went for AZ Restaurant Week and got the $39 special.  \n\nI went with the Roasted Lobster and Corn Bisque: Tempura Cream Corn, Spicy Apples as my 1st course, the Kobe Flat Iron Steak: Bone Marrow Potatoes, Three Way Onions, Pinot Noir Reduction as the entree' and the Seasonal Berry Parfait: Honey Granola, Frozen Yogurt as dessert. \n\nSadly, overall, my expectations were not met by the food or the ambiance - only by the AWESOME service. \n\nThe complimentary duck fat french fries were definitely above average.  I could not really tell anything about them that screamed \DUCK FAT !!!\"""" but the seasonings on the fries and the sauces were all very tasty.  Not bad for \""""free\"""" food !!!\n\nThe \""""potato sponge bread\"""" or whatever that was they brought to the table was very \""""meh.\""""  Bland almost.  Forgettable.\n\nThe lobster and corn bisque was tasty and deserves a \""""Bravo!\""""  Met my expectations, maybe exceeded it a little bit. \n\nThe Kobe Flat Iron, however, fell flat (pun intended.)  I have prepared a Kobe NY strip (which I purchased at A.J.'s Fine Foods for $39/lb.) at home on my grill that tasted better than the dish I got from Bourbon Steak.   \n\nOne would expect a Kobe steak to \""""wow!\"""" you when you take that first bite and also that last bite, and in this case, it just did not happen.  The steak was not particularly flavorful, and was not particularly tender.  The onions overpowered the dish a bit, leaving me with a strong and unpleasant \""""onion\"""" taste in my mouth for the rest of the night.\n\nMy advice on Kobe steak:  if you want an affordable Kobe experience, hit A.J.'s and grill it yourself at home.\n\nThe Berry Parfait was totally tasty.  Great ending for the meal - super-fresh fruit chunks, everything worked together very well.  I'd pay $8 for that on a menu.\n\nThe place was very loud.  It was only about half full, but the sound reverberates in that place.  Tables are close together so you get to hear your neighbor's conversations, barely, above the overall din.\n\nThe SERVICE WAS SPECTACULAR.  Within 5 minutes of sitting down, I had my order placed, water to drink, and duck fat fries on the table.  They never let me sit there waiting around for water, or to remove a completed dish - they were ALL over it like a good team.  I'd bet 6 or 7 different people served my table.  Service definitely was the best part of the experience.\n\nSo, in summary:  Would I take a date there and spend $150 per person?  NO.  Would I take advantage of another $39 special next year and try something new?  Quite possibly, yes."""""""
I found Eliana's when I was on a quest to find pupusas. I am from So Cal and I really miss the easy access to authentic multicultural cuisines. Currently I am on a new quest. This one is to get my 6yo daughter to try more things beyond her usual chicken. I thought of Eliana's because a cheese pupusa is pretty tame and kid friendly. She flipped for the pupusas (plain cheese-no condiments) and the Ensalada de Fruta (pineapple) and I got to feed my craving. \n\nBrought the hubby here as well and I am pretty sure he had Arroz a la Valencia. Hard to remember because it disappeared so quickly. Eliana's is a bit of a drive from our house, but it is becoming a family favorite nonetheless.\n\nThe service was good and quick. The food was hot, fresh and delicious. I highly recommend the Plantanos Fritos con Crema y Frijoles as either an appetizer or dessert. Too yummy! And yes, the decor is shabby but the prices are low - it all evens out as far as I am concerned. Though try to get a table instead of a booth - the booths are pretty uncomfortable.
My first visit to the Grind was a 7pm dinner on a sunday with my 11 year old son.  We're pretty regular visitors to Delux Burger, but we've been hearing about the Grind for a while and thought we'd try it out for a change.\n\nThere were many people eating and drinking at the bar watching various games on the flat panels, but there was no wait to get a table.  In my experience staff at some of the other trendier restaurants around town tend to be a bit cool toward patrons with kids, but everyone at the Grind was accommodating and friendly to my son.  Our server took time to answer our questions about the burgers and made recommendations for us.  My son ordered a basic burger and I had the Steakhouse BLT Burger.  \n\nThe burgers were HUGE, the meat was very flavorful, both were cooked to perfection, and the presentation was top notch.  We also shared an order of the herbed fries which were a nice compliment to the burger.  Not the best fries I've had, but good enough.\n\nAll in all a very positive first experience at the Grind.  Highly recommended for a great burger in a cool atmosphere.
This is one of the better Residence Inns in the country.\n1.  Overall this hotel is nicely maintained.  Built in 1999, it was remodeled a couple of years ago.\n2.  Beds are medium firm foam.   Very comfortable bedding here.  Big plus.\n3.  Food is a better than most other Residence Inns.   Tonight they had salads, vegetable platter, and wheels of different cheeses, plus brownies.\n4.  Very friendly staff...friendlier than most other hotels.\n\nHighly recommended if you have a family and/or pets.\n\nOverall rating:   4 stars in value compared to the rest in the industry.   5 stars for within the Residence Inn chain of hotels.
I love Fajitas.  Have since I started going there as a kid.  Would I recommend anything other than the fajitas?  No, not really.  Its a bit pricey for me to be going very often, its special occasion priced for my budget.  \nYou get a skillet of piping hot meat and onions.  You get a side dish of pico, cheese and sour cream.  For people who like flour tortillas, this is HEAVEN.  they are homemade, thick, puffy, my mom eats them all by themselves and is more than happy.  I like to supplement with a side of beans and guacamole.  When less pregnant, well, much less pregnant I really like their margaritas too.
"""Olive and Ivy gets four stars for decor, atmosphere, location and overall food. But for me, I wouldn't say Olive and Ivy has the best food in Scottsdale for the price. I been here three times, and tried appetizers, entrees and desserts. \n\nLet's talk about the wine menu, it is expansive with various wines avialable by the bottle or glass. Also O & I does have a specialty drink menu. I think the chopped chicken salad is better than the Meditteranean.. The bread they give you is light and served with a thick pesto sauce, and is very delicious. \n\nThe patio is great. As we get to the close of the fall, spring and winter season, heading into summer, get out on that patio asap. It is on the Scottsdale Waterfront, and they have misters and nice patio decor. Very relaxing, \upscale\"""" feeling place.\n\nAlso, they do have a small market, with food available to go, made-to-order and wine \navailable. I might check that out for lunch one day. I'm always tempted to raid the market before I go home, but I haven't yet.\n\nOne thing that jades my experience evertyime I've been to O & I is the hostesses. They usually have a weird attitude, and it seems like they are doing you a favor by seating you.  Waiters/Waitresses are always great, and I love their style! \n\nThis is a great place to take family or go on a special day."""""""
I'll be honest, I wasn't particularly impressed the first time that I ate here 2+ years ago. Since then, I've gradually come to really enjoy the food here, and we have gotten an explanation as to some previous inconsistencies with the food here at a certain point in the past (management/cooking staff changes were made). I normally order a two taco combo plate (the shredded beef is what I opt for), and they're pretty good. What really makes this place a win for me personally is their queso dip and their salsa. I swear, I could eat just chips and salsa/queso and be happy if I had to. Anyway, if you're in the Anthem area, this is one of the better options if you're looking to get away from the typical chain restaurant dining that plagues that area.
This is a nice Italian joint for the Arrowhead area.  A little upscale and slightly pretentious but that can be overcome with the great happy that they offer.  There are many items offered for a discount from 4-6 Monday thru Friday and well worth it.\n\nLocated in the Citadelle plaza amidt other eateries, salons, and empty store fronts it's a little hard to find with no street exposure.  You would never know that this place looks so amazing inside.  Very nice seating area, a little dark but I think that's the way it's meant to be.  A beautiful enlongated granite bar that is very inviting and will enitce you to pull up a seat.\n\nIf you haven't been here it's definitely worth it to pop your head in here.
"""I have always been interested in native American art, history and culture. The museum is a nice size and can be walked in an afternoon. I bought a membership so that I can go a few more times. I was amazed by the diversity of artists and tribes represented at the museum. In one gallery, there was an exhibit by an Inuit artist. In another gallery, there was an exhibition by a Navajo metal smith and jewelry maker. There is a great blending of the ancient native world with the modern native culture. \n\nI was going to bypass the interactive displays for the children, but found as I walked them that they were meaningful for adults too. \n\nDon't miss the Kachina display or the very sad and moving installation about the native American schools where young people were taken to be \civilized\""""."""""""
Good Italian food just a couple of blocks from my house.  They have comfortable ambiance a little nicer than the other original restaurant.  Other comments about the food are on point.  However, I have gotten soggy pizza and watery salad in take out orders.  Hopefully this is just growing pains.  Consistent quality is the result of good leadership in the kitchen.  I will continue to visit, but for now, my first choice is the original location that is a couple of miles away.
The decor is an odd mix of Arizona ranch and Colorado fishing lodge, with lots of hammered copper, rough-hewn wood shutters, barbwire-etched glass, and antler chandeliers. The cuisine can best be described as Southwestern comfort food with some very gourmet twists. The fondue is a shining example of the kitchen's creativity - a pot of silky-smooth, creamy-rich melted pepperjack cheese is accompanied by rosemary-garlic lamb chops, pistachio bread, and butternut squash for dipping. Other highlights are beef ribs braised in Dr. Pepper, pork shank slow-cooked in beer, and hickory-smoked salmon that tastes like it was grilled on a campfire. Green-chili macaroni and cheese is a house specialty, and deservedly one of the most popular items on the menu, as is the Big-Ass Burger piled high with toppings, but be forewarned - it's served only in the Saloon, which gets very rowdy, especially during happy hour. There's a patio with a fire pit that makes outdoor dining cozy on chilly evenings in the desert. Sadly, this isn't the five-star experience it should be - reservations appear to be meaningless, if the forty-five minute wait we had is any indication, service is abrupt and bordering on rude, and prices are considerably higher than they should be for what you get.
When Sen. Ken Cheuvront opened this restaurant, I was living in Midtown phoenix and it was at a time when a lot of restaurants in the area didn't exist. I was beyond excited of it's creation. \n\nIt's a very trendy urban feel, with a nice patio on Central Avenue. Located at the bottom of Artisan condos, it's not a terribly easy place to see if you're driving by. They feature an incredible selection of wines and cheeses, of which you can purchase and take home as well as nosh in the restaurant. They also feature smaller sized entrees for those who are not looking to get stuffed on greasy messes and feel sick all night.\n\nA particular favorite of mine are the ancho pork empanadas which are fluffy and crispy with a little orange in the pork. They are definitely delicious. Also great is their white pizza featuring sea scallops. \n\nThere is nothing here that is oddly unique, but everything is interesting, and it is a nice spot to hang out with friends and have a nice night out. Especially during a first friday.
i stayed at the aloft tempe this past weekend for the p.f. changs rock n roll marathon/half marathon.  this is basically a poorman's w hotel.  it has a scaled down feel of a w hotel in every sense including the price.  \n\nthe staff is friendly, helpful and young.  i have to believe a majority of their staff goes to asu.  i asked the front desk for a recommendation on breakfast and her response was the starbucks and dennys across the street.  hmmm....thanks but i'll pass on dennys.  i should have asked the bartender as well just to see what she would have said.  \n\nthe rooms are nice and modern but not as flashy as a w hotel.  the rooms offer bliss toiletries, coffee maker, mini fridge (no mini bar) and several magazines.  \n\nthere is a starbucks, yogurtland and in-n-out across the street from this hotel for your dining pleasure if you are too lazy to drive anywhere.  oh, the dennys is just a little bit further away if you are wondering.
OMG... I love this place! I'm not sure how long this place has been here but it's soooo awesome and the kicker is Z pizza is its neighbor and they are connected so you can grab a slice of pizza then go get ice cream or coffee or a latte. Simply fabulous for say a casual day time date the atmosphere is nostalgic and funky... oh and pink! Free wifi and cool tables and couches. Its places like this that are adding flavor to downtown phoenix where I just happen to live... Watch out mill avenue were coming for you in a bigger and better way!
"""I really love this place.\nI wont go any where else for sushi, nothing tastes like it.\n$20 all you can eat sushi, green tea ice cream, miso soup, salad and edamame.\nIt's about 40 miles from my home and I try to go about once a month, if I lived closer, I'd go more often, it's that good.\n\nThe Owner Pancho is always so friendly and nice.\n\nThe only reason I gave 4 stars though, is because sometimes when it's busy the waiters/waitress aren't all that friendly and it takes them a while to get to our table, which is understandable, because I know how it is in the food business.\nBut about a year ago they all used to be really nice.\n\nGo there on your birthday, and they'll dim the lights, play cute \Happy Birthday\"""" music and let you blow out your candle on wasabi:)"""""""
"""Taste: 5 stars.  The food here is delicious.  I have only eaten here once, but I went with a group of four, each of us ordering a separate dish.  We ordered the honey walnut shrimp, baby bok choy, some kind of chow mein (the name of it escapes me now), and a fish dish.  I opted out of the fish dish but everything else was exquisite and came in decent sized portions.  The honey walnut shrimp had decent sized pieces of shrimp that were cooked nicely.  They were a little tough for my preference now that I think back, but in no way did that impede my enjoyment of the dish.  The sauce spread over the shrimp was sweet but not too heavy and the walnuts were toasted to give an amazing counter balance to the texture of the shrimp.  The baby bok choy was made to perfection, and as a lover of garlic, the dish touched close to my heart with bits of friend garlic sprinkled on top, bursting with flavor that complimented the bok choy perfectly once mastication started in my mouth.  The chow mein was definitely something I was not used to.  The noodles were thinner, fried, and the vegetables on it were in a little bit of what looked like a starchy cream sauce.  A little bland to taste at first, I wasn't sure what to think of the dish, but the more I ate it, the more the \blandness\"""" turned into an appreciation for the different and simple components of the dish.  \n\nEveryone at my table was extremely happy and when we gave our compliments to our waiter, he informed us proudly that their chef was straight from Hong Kong.  He even told us a story about how the chef shakes his head in disappointment when people come in, requesting beef and broccoli and other dishes of the like.  Their response to these requests?  \""""There's a Panda Express down the street but if you want real Chinese food, then stay.\""""  \n\nService:  3.5 stars.  I'm kind of conflicted trying to score this.  The staff was very nice, the hostess and waiter were extremely polite and both were attentive and very helpful, but nothing seemed extraordinary.  Nothing really seemed to stand out as either good or bad.  They did their job and they did it well, but other than that, there was little interaction.  The best part about the service was the story our waiter told us at the end of our meal.  I really appreciated the interaction he finally gave us but it was after we had already paid.\n\nEnvironment:  3.5 stars.  The restaurant is very clean and is separated from the rest of the market enough that you feel like you are actually eating at a restaurant.  They did a great job making a restaurant in the corner of a supermarket but with the cooks tucked away in a room where you can't see them and only two people working the floor, I didn't get much from the environment of the place.  Maybe it was also because when we went, the restaurant was dead.  \n\nLee Lee's restaurant is a great place to grab a bite with friends.  I highly recommend going with friends so you can do what I did and split up dishes and taste multiple ones.  I hope that this place picks up in popularity.  The vast population of Caucasians in the greater Phoenix area should add a bit of culture into their lives and give this place a try.  All of the Americanized Asians (such as myself) and all other ethnicities should do the same. \n\nBecause the food was so great and that, quite frankly, is what is most important, I am going to round up for my final star total.  \n4 stars.\n\nOh one more note, they only accept Visa!"""""""
If there was a half star, Centurion would get 4.5 stars.\n\nI was slightly skeptical at first when there was just the chef and waitress in the restaurant.  Considering this was a Saturday night, I thought I didn't get the memo that this was a lunch-oriented place and not the place to be for dinner.  I was so glad to be wrong, for once and only for once.\n\nThey warmly greeted us as we entered.  We were so hungry that we started out with their cheese plate.  It was a nice assortment of manchego, double-creamed brie, and since i mentioned I loved blue, the chef gave us their blue that was not even on the menu.  You get to choose 3 cheeses out of 6-9 choices.  The cheese plate was nicely arranged with fruits (grapes, strawberries) and nuts.  In addition, he added fig jam and Dijon mustard that gave it a nice kick.  Compared to other restaurants in the valley, it was one of the nicer cheese plates and selections.\n\nNext, on to 3 different kinds of risotto (coconut and shrimp, chorizo and manchego, white truffle), which were very rich.  The food just kept coming with our filet mignon, lamb, and halibut (entree for 2).  I know it was a lot of food for the 2 of us but I just had to try it all.  The filet mignon was good but although ordered rare, it was more on the medium rare side for me.  The sauce that was made for the lamb was fantastic; however, I've had a better cut of lamb.\n\nIt had a nice ambiance; however, the benches were very high and we had to move to another table.  Thankfully, the chef was aware of the issue and they are anticipating taking care of it.  The patio was really cute and inviting and will be a perfect place to grab a drink (once they get liquor license) after the weather becomes cool. \n\nThe chef was very personable and we will be back  to try his recommendation of the Espana pizza.  I hope others will try this place to keep it going because it's a wonderful independent restaurant that Phoenix needs!
"""We were seated quickly even on a weekend night. The staff were friendly and attentive and the majority of whom were females wearing somewhat provocative white shirts bearing slogans such as \legalize marinara\"""" and \""""tastes like garlic.\"""" It kind of reminded me of the Italian food version of Hooters. \n\nFood and drinks arrived quickly and were good. Prices are a bit high for pizza and pasta, but the atmosphere made it enjoyable. They have a good selection of menu items which gives you lots of options. For dessert they have a pizza cookie topped with ice cream which is one of my favorites and reason enough to come here."""""""
I've been in a lot of airports and PHX isn't too shabby. With high windows i was able to watch the sunset and planes taking off and landing. There are fairly good food options. I myself opted for California Pizza Kitchen and found the ~$11 personal pizza to be decent. Too bad the employees weren't as enjoyable as my pizza! I've never seen people move in such slow motion. The cheese topping on my pizza was probably drying up each passing moment! \n\nFree Wifi. Woo! That's a big thing if your overlay is at an airport. Other than people watching and eating expensive airport food, i like to browse the internet when i can!
I am sorry Yelp, but Burritos are a food group! Especially for ME!\n\nI just starting working in the area and have been in search for a place for breakfast, lunch and good eats. So I went to my trusty Yelp app, and was not disappointed to find The Original Burrito Co.\n\nI have found my new Favorite Breakfast Burrito of all time! Number 12 Huevos Ala Mexicana: Eggs and some veggies and cheese. It is truly a well put together burrito, hits the spot every time. \n\nDon't forget the salsa! It is one of the top salsa's I have had!\n\nI have ordered a few more items off the menu and I have enjoyed them, but nothing as wonderful as the number 12!
Echo is the neighborhood coffee shop I was waiting for. What I wasn't expecting was for it to become my neighborhood lunch spot as well. I'm stuck on the Cubano. It is all kinds of yummy roast pork and stuff. Since I can't break away from that, my wife tried the Mediterranean Tuna sandwich and it was so good that we split sammiches next time.\n\nKeep up the good work, Echo. You definitely deserve the following you're garnering. Plus, I'm glad to see that building put to some good use. Hopefully some other quality businesses will fill in the open spot(s) and we'll have even more reason to make it a destination. A kickass Mexican market would be awesome. There is definitely both the Hispanic and Gringo crowd to support it in the area.\n\nAs for the lack of free refills... doesn't that imply that if I didn't drink 1 gallon of tea that I got ripped off? What about all of us 1 big beverage drinkers who are satisfied with the price we pay for our 1 drink. Are we supposed to feel stupid for not maximizing our liquid intake? To me, free refills make sense if you're at a sit-down place that is primarily about food and you're going to be there a longish time due to the food service. For a place that is primarily a coffee/beverage spot with some good food, allowing people to sit and drink free drinks all day would be a bad business decision. If you disagree, open up the Free Refills joint next door. Prove me wrong.\n\nPerhaps a compromise is to add a discounted refill to the menu. That will please the regulars who hang out and abuse the T3 and serve those who suck down lots of liquids in a short time.\n\n(a T3/DS3? really? i have my doubts that an entire T3/DS3 is being dedicated to this shop. that's enough bandwidth to serve a good-sized office building and host some websites with good traffic. a simple Cox cable connection is a fraction of the cost and often far faster.)
Solid Pho and spring rolls at the usual low low price. I stopped in yesterday for takeout and got beef pho with meatballs, spring rolls, and a Thai iced tea all for about $11. The Pho came with the usual toppings, all very fresh and plentiful. The spring rolls were big and packed with noodles, shrimp, and beef. My only complaint was that the iced tea was so sweet I'm pretty sure all of my teeth started to rot right there; I couldn't finish it. But I think that's just a personal preference. \n\nNo complaints about the food or price, and the staff was friendly. Clean enough place, I would eat there.
"""I went to this place this morning (Saturday) around 9:30am w/ a few of my friends. This place was really busy, people waiting outside (10+ people) consistently. (Always a good sign to a great food joint). So I put my name in at the door and we waited 25 or so to be seated. No problem. The people were all in good moods and atmosphere outside was really nice. (They had a few cement benches outside for those who wanted to sit--only wish they had misters!) So when they called your name, they wouldn't just say \party of 3\"""" or something they would say \""""Sarah...are you ready to eat!?!\"""" It was kind of funny. We entered this small restaurant and the tables had a nice retro feel to them and it was really bright and sunny. On the walls were decorated w/ Disney art (Snow White being my favorite), the Simpson's and other fun characters. We sat down and were greated rather quickly, but within 2 mins they came back and asked if we were ready...we were like 'whoa!' we haven't even had a chance to review all the options (omlettes, egg sandwiches, french toast, chicken fried steak ,eggs of course, granola/yogurt..the list goes on...). So we made our decisions, and I ended up getting the \""""The Mile High - Ham & Bell pepper with diced onions and cheddar cheese\"""" (subsititute - just egg whites) with wheat toast. My friend I believe got the Wolf Pack (eggs, hashbrowns, toast etc) and then my other friend got the Chilaquiles - a mixture of tortillas, ranchero sauce, chicken, sour cream  & cheddar cheese topped with one egg. All looked mighty delish. \n\nMy omelette was so butter-delish and had all the right textures, and flavors you could want. The peppers added bold flavor without adding too many calories, the ham and cheese added just enough salt it make perfect. The toast was normal wheat toast, so not much 'wow' there. But complemented the omelette very nicely. \n\nI would highly recommend this place, I am definitely going back. Just leave plenty of time to wait. (As stated--this happens at any good breakfast spots on a Sat./Sun morning). But they seem to move people in and out rather quickly. Speaking of which....it appears my group of friends over stayed our welcome. After about an hour of us chatting girls, the waiter got a bit upset I think because he couldn't turn the table. I guess we should of been more courteous to the others outside waiting in the heat...but we just liked the atmosphere and company so much...we faltered. Please forgive us 'Over Easy' and when we come back...we'll try to not talk to much. :o)"""""""
"""Now that I've dined here twice... I'm gonna hold Petite Maison at 4 stars. \n\nMonday night, 7:30 - my reservation got my party of 2 the last table in the place. (Whew. it's so small in there.) The service was fantastic, although it's so odd to go to a full restaurant and be given so much time to have a leisurely meal... especially when they're full. For example, after the hostess sat us and gave us our menus, about 2 minutes later the waiter came by and after doing his introductory speech, said he would give us a few more minutes to become familiar with the menu... lol... I was ready to give my drink order, but okay! We also had to request the bill. I am pretty sure they would have let us linger with our coffee for a full hour if we'd wanted to :O   Really weird not to be rushed out! \n\nOh, onto the food! The most important part! \nMy friend ordered the escargot, which, since i'm very \meh\"""" on escargot, I can't tell you if they were good or not even though I had two of them at my friend's prompting. She also had the trout almondine  - omg fantastic, I'd order it next time. Whatever dressing they had the salad greens and green beans in, was incredible, and I don't even care for green beans, but YUM... I ordered the house salad and the foie gras. The foie gras was very good, certainly the rarest I've ever had it served. I'm not sure how I feel about the accoutrements - the vinegary accent sauce, the pickled grapes, the roasted apples, on top of a (I felt, a little burned) piece of brioche. I've had better combinations with foie gras, to be honest. But it was still good enough that I ate the whole thing. The salad was also good, I really enjoyed the roasted shallot vineagrette, but to be honest it felt like the salad was missing something... not perfectly seasoned, to my tastes, I think it needed a little salt. :( \n\nThe chocolate creme brulee was also my friend's choice (I'd have tried the souffle if it had been up to me!). The creme brulee was good - even great - but I'm a traditionalist, and while delicious, I prefer non-chocolated-up brulees :) PS - Do not attempt to eat the candied orange garnish on top of the creme brulee. LOL \n\nAll in all, despite a few very minor concerns about my meal, I'll be back. The bottom line is, the price is right (It's amazing how cheap we got outta there, really), the service is fantastic, the atmosphere is cute and cozy, and the food is pretty great. Solid 4 stars. Next time, I'm thinking that flat iron steak."""""""
Love the feel, vibe of Johnny Rockets.  Just has something different, like that vintage feel, we ate at the counter and enjoyed the classic music and oldies.  My 9 year old son enjoyed the theme and I am sure some of us older folk could enjoy the nostalgic feel of the place.\nAs for the food, just burger and fries cooked on a flat grill right in front of you.  Just a simple burger and has that just fresh taste to it.  Love the chocolate cokes they offer as well.\nService was above normal as most of the staff was friendly and in good spirits, singing along to the songs and enjoying the atmosphere.  I would say this is an excellent place for kids since I saw so many children here.
"""If I ever have the urge to spend more money on bedding than the current value of my house, this is the place to do it.  I actually learned of The Linen Tree when they were listed as a retailer of Molton Brown bath products on another website.  My first impression was not the best, however.\n\nWhen I could not find a product on their website, I asked via on-line chat which was supposedly \open.\""""  No one answered.  No worries, I emailed instead.  Again, I never received a response.  At that point I decided if they could not respond to a shampoo inquiry, I would never buy my next set of $777 bath towels here either.  And so I purchased the shampoo from Saks.  And for all you haters that now think I can only use the finest shampoo, it was not for me.  It was for my husband.  And any time a man is interested in any product related to hygiene, I recommend you ladies support him...no matter the cost.  The opposite extreme is far more costly.\n\nFast forward 2 weeks and I need drawer sachets as a gift.  So I did the unthinkable and went back to TLT when I struck out elsewhere.  And I am now in love with that store!  Kind of luck my husband.   Didn't care for him at first, but he grew on me.  In a good way, not like a tumor.  Anywho, what I found at TLT was a beautiful selection of all things bed and bath...linens, lovely soaps and bath products, accessories, and my drawer sachets.  There's also a nice selection of china, table linens and pretty decorative items.  As for the staff, they were very polite and helpful.  I'm only knocking a star for the rocky start.\n\nTLT will definitely be on my list for gift items.  Maybe I'll even treat myself occasionally, too!"""""""
Oh how I love Dim Sum!  If you feel the same I would recommend you folks attend Great Wall.   It's hard to find good Dim Sum around the valley, but I believe Great Wall is definitely one of those gem of a place we should appreciate for Dim Sum.  Decor is your typical large Chinese restaurant look - red, gleamy gold and x-mas lights here and there.  Don't forget the fish tank too; no! it's not a decoration, you pick a fish and they cook it!  You know a good Chinese restaurant for Dim Sum when you go and you feel like you're in Chinatown - Enjoy!
"""My friend and I were out and about on the town, and we were looking for a great place to hang out. Someplace fun, not pretentious, definitely not douchy. \n\nWe hopped on Yelp and found SideBar. Both of us live in Scottsdale, and I am the first to admit that I am used to living in my bubble of Old Town.\n\nThe moment you walk into SideBar, you are sent into an era of awesome. You walk up a killer staircase, and you can smell the booze and good times that await you. My first comment to my friend was, \Well, it smells like a bar.\"""" In a good way.\n\nOnce you get to the top of the staircase, you are greeted by a giant light board. It's pretty spiffy.\n\nClearly, they showcase local artists. Always a plus. You can explore the walls and find some interesting work.\n\n Have a nice craft beer selection (bottles), and if you are a fan of different liquors, the bar is well-stocked.\n\nThe crowd is quite eclectic. All walks of life here. The douchy pretentious guy. The DJ who is off work, hammered and wearing a fro. Artsy girls who are cute. You get it all here.\n\nWe sat at the bar, and were able to talk without being drowned out by horrible music. The stools were unique. Everything seems Ikea-esque, but who cares....it's a fun place to hang out.\n\nThere are plenty of couches.\n\nDrinks are cheap. Beer was $5 and they didn't charge for the diet coke we ordered. Although....it came in a red party cup. Almost knocked it down a star for not putting it in a collins glass. I asked one of the barbacks for a glass, and he happily obliged.\n\nFor the record, this is my first venture to the \""""west\"""" side of town. I want to come back!"""""""
I typically do not favor subs at all or crave them to say the least. I do not know how jimmy johns stays in business for example. The only thing decent there in my opinion is their bread which is not even phenomenal. Ned's Subs are up there with subway in my book.  Their Chicken sandwich tasted exceptionally fresh(my best word to describe the taste). I like Fresh things so works out perfect for me!\nWe had stopped here randomly because we had thought the name was funny as we were driving through the parking lot looking for harbor freight.  Next time i am around this area i will again make my stop to try a totally different sub and then onto some fro-yo!\n\n:)
This is authentic Mexican Food.  I've been in Phoenix since 1963 and think most of the great Mexican restaurants are long gone. But, the beef tacos at Armando's are the best in town, in my humble opinion.  They are wonderful homemade shredded Angus beef served sizzling hot, so hot they sometime melt the plate.  They are dressed with copious amounts of shredded yellow and white cheese and shredded lettuce.  The salsas served at the side bar are homemade and delicious with a nice kick. The red is awesome!  Even the beans are the perfect texture and consistency, well refried but firm and not watery or cooked to mush.\n\nThey serve a wide variety of Mexican favorites, including tasty fish tacos, adovada, carnitas, and even menudo (Sunday's).  The cheese enchiladas are worth writing home about with a fresh red sauce.  Mouth watering!  The combination plates I've tried have all been great and come laden with high quality food. They have a daily $5 special combo that is always pleasing.  But, on days when the beef taco combo is the $5 special, I feel like I won the lottery.\n\nAll the food seems made onsite with care.  Its also fast and cheap!  Armandos is open 24 hours and always seems to have steady traffic, but ive never seen it crowded or had to wait long for my meal.  \n\nThe decor is fifties Dairy Queen type chairs and tables with some booths, and tired, but kept very clean.  Armando's may not be pretty but it's about the food. Often you'll catch a whiff of bleach which seem kind of reassuring in what could be considered a bit of a dive.  But ignore the surrounding and scarf down a beef taco or three, and you'll know what I mean.
"""I have gone here a couple of times for a pregame to events at US Airways Center.  This time was no exception. \n\nI would describe the place as a upscale sports bar.  The service was great, I always had something to drink and the food has always been tasty.\n\nI had the Buffalo chicken wrap with French fries. I would definitely order this again! It was absolutely delicious!!  I also had a spicy bloody mary which was standard, as well as some mimosas.  The mimosas were delicious and came with a mini bottle of champagne in its own little \ice bucket\"""".  Which was just one part of an ice shaker with the mini bottle nestled inside, but it was genius :)\n\nThe happy hour looked nice but was not valid during event nights, which was disappointing.  I will definitely visit again :)"""""""
I happen to really like this place for breakfeast. I have been going to this location  and the other location for years and always happy with my meal. I used to get the Bubbas Benny which is biscuits and gravy with eggs and potatoes. But now they make it with turkey sausage so I dont get it anymore. Now I get the eggs benidict. Its good and the hollandaise sauce doesnt have a lot of lemon in it. Im not a fan of lots of lemon in my hollandaise. The waffles and french toast here are good as well. This place has burgers, salads, and sandwiches to. Prices are good. $5-10. I dont think they have anything over $10 on the menu.
I hesitate to write a true review for this place as I have only been there for the grand opening.  I'm not sure if the free food buffet they had was a true sample of their menu or not.  I was impressed by the variety of food they had available, most notably the Teriyaki beef which is among the best I have ever tasted.  Growing up in Hawaii this is no small feat... I used to live off of the stuff.  They also had some interesting drinks available at the bar, including a sparkling sake beer (that is the only way I can think to describe it) that was quite addicting.
Stopped in Kitchen Switchin'  to see what it was all about.  What a great idea - a specialty consignment shop just for kitchen stuff.  Love it!\n\nThe staff in the store were friendly and welcoming.  They have a ton of kitchen items - just about everything you can think of, even a collection of cookbooks.   The are a consignment shop so you can bring in your unwanted kitchen items and maybe even pick up a thing or two that you don't have.  Their prices are right too.  Some consignment shops I've been to have such high prices you start to wonder why you'd buy their previously owned items.  Not this place - they have good quality items and the prices are fair.  \n\nIf you have a kitchen gadget addiction or are just looking for a thing or two stop by and check it out.
"""Had a meeting at Scratch yesterday and I'm in love. I can't wait to go back and try more of their menu items! And especially their desserts...the case full of enticing treats was almost more than I could stand! :)\n\nThe whole place was just adorable. I loved the \girly-girl\"""" meets \""""Retro punk rock\"""" vibe. Who knew something so cute and trendy existed between Subway and Fry's!\n\nThe iced mocha I had was great, but their selection of teas and coffees was huge. And their menu looked fabulous. I wasn't too hungry, so I tried the crepes, which were delicious. The food the two gals I was with looked amazing though. \n\nDefinitely a \""""must go back to\""""!"""""""
What a wonderful building inside and out, a little difficult for some handicaps but manageable.\n\nWe had season tickets here as well as several other venues around town.  Most of the productions were pretty good and enjoyable. Some of the shows particularly one person shows the sound was not too good and hard to hear all that was going on. We did give up our tickets for a couple of reasons, one being the seats are just too close together, another was the folks sitting in front of us and to the right would never shut up and the guy behind me would fall asleep about fifteen minutes in and start snarking and snorting. Why do these folks waste the money and enjoyment of others acting like this? But the building remains a gem.
Tiny tacos. Delicious, delicious tiny tacos. That's all you need to know! \n\nWe were starved for food, and Mexican sounded amazing. A quick Yearch (Yelp search, eh? Eh?) brought this place up...right down the street! Sold!\n\nOur server was super friendly and knowledgable about the menu, if not a *little* absent. It's a good thing we weren't in a rush. We passed the time by watching the Denver Tebows implode so all was well. \n\nI opted for the 2 taco meal, where you chose from a list of about 15 types of street tacos and rice and beans. I love that you get the option of corn or flour tortillas and black or refried beans. I got a mixed veggie taco and a Pappas con Queso taco. Both were delicious and the black beans were super tasty as well. The regular salsa was pretty standard (but good) and the tomatilla salsa was smoky perfection. (Chips and salsa don't come automatically--but are free if you ask!)\n\nAll in all, I'm SO glad I know about Cien Agaves! It wil become a staple!
You drive up and toss the keys to the valet while experiencing the heady mouth-watering aroma of cooking meat.\n\nThen as you walk up the trail to the front door your nose is assaulted with the other kind of meat: alive and pooping in a pen. Dang, that  bull had the biggest antlers I've ever seen - oh, like I know what  you call those pointy things. Upon entering you're offered a choice: stairs or slide. The 11 kids in our party uniformly opted for the slide. Over and over and over again. So did most of the moms. The 2 dads and one boyfriend all stuck with the stairs.\n\nThe family style pork ribs were great. And can I have two of those delish Margies, rocks with salt, plskthx? Nummers.\n\nThe establishment itself was gracious to the point of absurdity. We had a 5.30pm reservation for a party of 22. Due to bad traffic, getting lost, missing turns, and just general bad planning, half of us were 45 minutes late. On Valentine's Day, no less! And we were the early ones! The other half of us arrived another hour later. Half of those in our party were girls between the ages of 6 and 14 and no one batted an eye. (And yes, now you all know how pitiful my life is that I spent Valentine's Day with a giant group of kids.)\n\nThe band was excellent. The dancing was fun to watch but I'd never participate due to my 17 left feet. The only thing I'd change were the gray mealy beans.\n\nGreat place to greet then eat your meat.
"""It's actually \Winkles Field at Packard Stadium at Brock Ballpark\"""".  I guess it's hard to choose between big-money donors and important historical figures. If I give them some money, will they name the batter's box after me?\n\nI really like coming to ballgames here.  It's a very pretty park, simple amenities, and ASU is solid on the baseball fundamentals, something you don't get in a lot of big league games.  (What's it worth to you to be able to see the rightfielder back up first base on a throw from the left side of the diamond? Priceless...) And best of all, there's plenty of elbow room, something that Cubs fans can't claim as they cram into Ho Ho Kam park a few miles away every spring. Fewer than 4000 seats.\n\nThe seats are old-school, which translates to \""""really uncomfortable\"""", which means you better bring a good cushion if you want to actually stay nine innings.\n\nMy favorite detail: the sign in front telling patrons that \""""No Pitchforks\"""" are allowed in the park."""""""
Today our boss took our department out for lunch at l&l. There are many great looking items on the menu I had a hard time choosing. There was however one that stuck out from a triple d episode. I ordered the loco moco and it was darn good. It's a bed of rice with a ground beef patty on top with 2 over easy eggs and gravy above that. On first bite you pop the egg open over the meat and rice and just get this layered goodness. It was a great lunch. I totally want to go back to try their other items but at least this one was great.
I'm a fan!  Acacia Cafe has won my Sunday morning breakfast-eating heart.  I love the the fresh fluffy omelets...light and tasty with fresh crisp veggies and light, nutty, buttered-to-perfection toast that is lined with sunflower and pumpkin seeds...mmmm mmmm.   I'm not sure if the packaged jelly's on the table are their own but they sure taste like it, not too sweet like most commercial types. I've also had their sandwiches & salads and you cannot go wrong with those either.  This place is a must visit if you want a yummy, fresh meal at a decent price.  The service can be a bit flaky, but I'm willing to overlook as long as the food keeps coming out hot, fresh and yummy.  Beware, if you sit inside you may smell like breakfast all day...might  be okay if you like that sort of thing.  :)
I first came here as a part of a class trip. We all enjoyed ourselves and feasted on the new and different cuisne that is Thai food. It was here that I first met and fell inlove with Pad Thai. \n\nIt was so wonderfully prepared and delicious. I decided I needed to come back someday for more. And when that day finally came, I needed the navagator feature on my cell phone to get there! This place is really hard to find! so keep your eyes peeled and know that's in the depths of a strip mall. \n\nThe pad thai was just as good as I remembered it. However, they did serve me bad shrimp. It even smelled bad! I didn't want to eat it. But I took it home to be polite. The deserts are good as well. The coconut ice cream topped with peanuts is surprising to say the least! \n\nI say, go! but take a map! Or a navagator if you have it. And be ready to be doted on, but don't expect any free refils on your soda! (boo!) and have a nice time with some nice people eating great authentic food. It was truely a great experience! :)
Per other reviewers,,this place is difficult to find if just visiting,,not difficult in that it's in an off the wall location or intricate to get to but signage is minimal and its not surrounded by much. If you park in the back and come in through the door that says customers entrance be prepaired to think you walked in through the kitchen becasue you kind of, did.  The host kind of pointed us to our table as others mentioned,,we walked past once and had to ask where he wanted us again,,not a great start,,,BUT,,and its a good but,,the food was amazing. The amount of tastes in this place was like a culinary Crayola box. We stumbled in on 1/2 price wine night which is Sunday-Monday-Tuesday,,,yeeehah!   Nice moderate list to begin with gets downright cheap at 1/2 price, Altos Malbec and Shegesio zin nice. Wait staff took a bit to get to us but was great throughout. Starters were asavado tacos, brie, turkey relleno,,all were very good. I had the blackened pork tenerloins with apple chile sauce,,amazing,,sweet with a hint of heat but overall amazing.  Others had cheese steak, mixed fish grill, Rokerij steak and enchiladas,,all very good. The inside really is a mostly bar with great food so be prepared for some rowdy locals but this place is killer on teh food side and you can go for a 4 star meal in jeans which is what I'm always looking for,,,just a great spot that I will return to in Phoenix any day!
I'm a shameless carnivore.  I like it even better when my meat filled sandwich is dripping with melty, gooey cheese.  A little explicit, yeah, but it's the truth.\n\nI've never been to a Charley's other than the one in Christown/Spectrum (call it what you want) but it is so much fun eating my yummy food and watching all the ghetto people and their spawn mill in and out of the sad mall.\n\nThe food here is great.  I always get the Bacon 3Cheesesteak, and it is the best.  You can't ask for more salty goodness than this.  The steak stuff is always thin and juicy with plenty of salt.  The bread this stuff comes on is kind of weird and crusty, but the insides make it worth it.  Do yourself a favor and make it a combo so you can get a drink and a big cup full of fresh and hot fries.\n\nI know there quite a few of these around the valley, so if Spectrum scares you, check out one of the other places and get what I order.  Good stuff.
"""Note to self: fancy place, not the greatest restaurant to take your 14 mo old on a whim and  you and your hubby are wearing casual wear.  With that said, even though we looked out of place, we still had a great time and the service was excellent!\n\nWe never get our money's worth in these type of churrasco restaurants because neither my husband nor I can pack it in.  However, the meats were delicious and their appetizer/salad spread was yummy, too!!  I love hearts of palm and mushrooms so this was right up my alley but they also had \normal\"""" stuff too like potato salads and regular salads and the like.\n\nGreat place for a date, especially if you want to impress.  You can go in there in casual wear, too, as we did, but it is more of an upscale type establishment.\n\nEnjoy!"""""""
"""This pizza is definitely better than your regular takeout or delivery (domino's, pizza-hut, the works). I ordered the: \n\n- artichoke, tomato & basil pizza: really fresh, huge artichoke pieces and nice overall flavor. Does not taste that well when its reheated because you need to eat the veggies fresh, but definitely awesome right off the oven. \n\n- sausage, peperoni and cheese pizza: super meaty, super flavorful and just as awesome when you reheated 2 days later. the pieces of mozzarella are whole (large thick slices) and fresh, not the shredded crap that you get elsewhere. full of pieces of sausage and peperoni, FRIGGING GOOD. \n\n- the antipasto (fresh mozzarella, salami, olives, peppers, fresh basil and bread): the kalamata olives were really nice, the basil leaves were fresh and the peppers were cooked and had a garlicky taste. the huge slabs of mozzarella were fresh and went well when you added some extra virgin olive oil to it. \n\n- canolis: BEST CANOLIS EVER. Super creamy, super crunchy, this dessert made me giggle with happiness. \n\n- tiramisu: it was tasty (not the best, but definitely good). the cake part was moist and the cream was good but it lacked the liquor taste to it at the end. \n\nOverall, good food and a great alternative to regular pizza. The pizzas here are never greasy, your hands (or the cardboard) never end up \oily-shiny\"""" and it actually feels like its good for you. weird."""""""
What is there to say about Saddle Ranch that hasn't been said before? Nothing.\n\nThis is a solid place to grab a few drinks, but the menu doesn't always get a fair shake. \n\nThe food is quite good here. I've never been let down. The chicken tortilla soup, the wings, the onion rings, the rubs, the wraps....everything is fantastic.\n\nAlso, look for the GM and strike up a conversation with the guy. He's a pretty cool dude. I remember a few times he would come over and bring us a gigantic martini glass full of cotton candy on the house. A nice gesture for bring regulars.\n\nService has always been good here, the food has always been good. The drink menu is creative and I LOVE the beer selection.\n\nOn a side note, I refuse to ride the mechanical bull. You can though.
"""I love love love Which Wich. We enjoy sandwiches here often when we go to Westgate and so happy that it continues to do well. The staff is fun and friendly. The process of ordering your sandwich is unique and interesting. The sandwiches though...oh my. They are so yum. The bread is fresh, chewy on the inside, crunchy on the outside. The deli meats are cut when you order the sandwiches and the condiments are just perfect! Whether you get it cold or toasted, you can't go wrong at Which Wich. And try the \house\"""" chips. They are seasoned perfectly! :)"""""""
Sometimes you've got to satisfy your spam musubi cravings, luckily for me there's an Ono's close to my work and I'm able to get me a spam musubi fix. MMMMmmmm for spam musubi, spam and sticky rice with teriyaki sauce wrapped in a seaweed roll... yum yum! And with my spam musubi i usually get the curry chicken katsu... with a scoop of rice and two scoops of macaroni salad... it makes for a good plate lunch altho it's a tad pricey, wish it was slightly cheaper. But we're aways from the islands and plus this Californian chain is not really from Hawaii but it's still good stuff! Totally recommend if you're craving spam musubi and some katsu, it satisfies and spam is just yum!
"""Someone told me about this place and their all you can eat spaghetti. They also mentioned that they have great meatballs...so I had to check it out myself. \nThe first thing that bothered me was the noise level...it's like all the conversations going on in this place remained within the walls. However, the staff was very friendly and the service was good. \nI had the Artichoke, Shrimp & Crab Dip which was good, but I wish it had more chucks of crab. I obviously tried their spaghetti with meatballs which I thought was good, but not  the best I've had. The sauce was a bit to watery for me and the meatballs just didn't have that \wow\"""" factor, but it was good (just not the best). I had also ordered a customize Calzone and that was without a doubt fabulous! The size and flavor were definitely in the \""""wow\"""" factor. This helped to push the rating to a 4 star plus the service."""""""
"""Went here with a girlfriend of mine and it was great! Compared to other sushi place I go to often this place was kind of expensive. Apparently there is happy hour ALL DAY which is SCHWEET! \n\nI ordered the calamari and it was 'ok'. I'm a huge fan of squid and I was dissapointed that this calamari was cooked a little too long which made it kind of chewy. Edamame is delicious!\n\nI had my first sashimi here (tuna) and it was like an ORGASM in my mouth. It was absolutely delicious and totally worth the outrageous price. We also split a couple of different rolls that were HUGE, each one of them were delicious although a little too 'American\-ized for my tastes :) \n\nI would definatley come back here for drinks or as a date night if you go early. It's a very good place, I only give it 4 stars because it's in DouchebagLand aka Scottsdale."""""""
Yes, I am the duke of BS west (at the time of writing).\nNo, I do not currently live in Scottsdale (or Arizona for that matter).\nYes, I think this place is a solid 4-stars!\n\nLet me explain what's amazing about this place in reference to the bars in San Francisco: \n\n1. 2 for 1 drinks Wednesday and Saturdays ALL NIGHT. Yea, shut the loose hole! This is an amazing deal! Our happy hour specials are 2-4-1 until 8 or 9, if we're lucky! \n\n2. You know all the boys will either be here or only 2 other places on any given night. I actually think it sucks wet pussy to have to navigate 10-20 bars just to find fresh meat. (not that I ever do... but it's the principle of the thing).\n\n3. Service is actually amazing! Drinks come to you! The bar tenders make 'em strong (especially the gal towards the smoking patio). \n\n4. 2 smoking patios?! NOICE. Many bars in SF require you to go outside!.. it just becomes a pain.\n\n5. They accept card. In the event you didn't know this, many places in SF don't.... \n\nYou may be a local and hate this place for what it is, but for someone who spends extended amount of time in the area every so often, I find it a great place to be near fagily (fag family).
Spent 5 days in the Phoenix area and somehow we ended up eating at Oregano's twice. I was impressed both times. Service was quick and pleasant. \n\nFirst trip I had the Zany Ziti with meatballs. I was not sure what I was getting into then it come to the table. It could have fed a small army. Served in a Bread Bowl jam packed with broken up Meat Balls mixed in with the Ziti and covered with Cheese. What more can I say the HEAVEN! I was only able to eat about a third of it. Made for a great lunch option the following day.\n\nThe second trip I was in a group of 11 people. We sat out side on the deck and enjoyed a combination of appetizers, pizza's, and finished it off with a Pizza Chocolate Chip Cookie - WOW!!!!
Another excellent Fogo de Chao experience, every bit as good as meals enjoyed in the the Austin and Chicago outposts.  I will say, though, that the Scottsdale edition might be the nicest looking restaurant of the Fogos I've seen.\n\nAs usual, the Picanha (the signature cut) was outstanding.  However, what really caught my attention this time was the Fraldinha, or lower sirloin.  I do not recall this being so good in previous visits, but it was juicy, tender and intensely flavorful.  Of the two fillet mignon offered, the standard (non bacon wrapped) was the best.  Perfectly medium rare, with a beautifully buttery texture.  Sadly, the bacon wrapped version was too overdone.  Although sometimes it's nice to break up the beef parade with some chicken, I am always disappointed.  The lamb and pork ribs, however, are good alternatives.\n\nThe salad bar is fresh and abundant, but don't fill up on too many items here.  What's always impressive to me is the huge wheel of authentic Parmesan Reggiano and it's hard not to carve off a few chunks of rich, salty cheese.  \n\nSide dishes are typical: mashed potatoes (which are light and airy), fried polenta squares and caramelized bananas.  The latter are particularly nice to give your taste buds a break from the meat onslaught, with the sweetness playing a nice counterpoint to rich and salty beef.\n\nAs usual, I will need at least 6 months to recover from this experience.  But, I'll be back.  Just not sure what city it'll be in.
Wow, this was one of the best dinners I have had in a long time. I definitely have my favorite spots but it is rare that I have an entree that knocks my socks off. For me, this was the gnocchi dish with the shitake dijon cream sauce. My husband was surprised that I ordered this, since I don't like mushrooms, and luckily for me, the extent of the mushrooms were some medium ones in the sauce. The gnocchi were very tender and the sauce was rich and creamy. I felt like I was eating a delicious mac & cheese with some soft foccaccia bread. OMG. We also ordered the porteguese style mussels that were a fave of my husband's. They were just okay to me but overall, were decent. We also ordered the chorizo and manchego risotto that I really liked. We each had a glass of wine. Our server was kind enough to let me sample the prosecco before I ordered it. Good thing I did because I didn't like it. The server asked what kind of wine I liked and then brought me a taste of their white blend which I enjoyed. Overall, before tip, our bill was $50. Very reasonable for three plates and two glasses of wine. \n\nThis place is extremely small inside with 4-6 small table inside and 3-4 tables on their patio. There were two servers and on a busy Fri night, service was slow. But they were very nice and apologetic, so I gave them a break. I noticed the kitchen staff worked extremely efficiently which is a plus for such a small space. I was very impressed. I cannot WAIT to come back here as there were several plates that looked amazing.
Hard to beat the price and selection in performance bicycle. Although the store is not that large, it has pretty much anything you *need*.  If you are looking for blue and white camo pattern bar tape, you will have to buy online, otherwise, just head to performance bike.  Great place to go for any questions, to take a bike on a test ride or just check out the shiny new bikes.  The employees all seem very knowledgable and super friendly.
"""i eat a lot of sushi and teppan. this is one of, if not the best sushi/teppanyaki joint in phx.\n\nthe sushi is meaty and delicious and well-priced. not fishy tasting at all (\fishy\"""" means \""""not fresh\""""). the only negative is their selection is lacking a bit.\n\nthe teppanyaki may be the best of any places i have been to. soup and salad come with the meal. the soup is not miso soup and i dont really care for it. the salad on the other hand . . . best citrus-ginger dressing of any japanese restaurant. the filet is seriously like butter. only thing is, there is no filet + scallops combo -- you have to get the ny strip to get the combo. i suppose you can ask but i didnt. the only other negative is that they do not make the fried rice at your table, they just bring you a bowl of it from the kitchen. come on, thats part of the draw of teppan!\n\nalso, their lunch is amazing! for less than $4, you get a box lunch with entree/meat, salad, rice and orange slices. best deal in scottsdale. wish i still worked across the street."""""""
Nice upscale restaurant. It is on the small side so you should probably make reservations on typical busy night..fri, sat etc. They are very attentive here though and service is very good. \n\nIts not your normal restaurant or portion size when it comes to the food. The plates are small and they recommend 5 dishes to share between two people. (yes it is also expensive). The menu is also not that large either and they do not have the typical ingredients you might not be used too so it is def an experience you should try just once.\n\nEverything was very good, ambiance was nice and romantic and the wine selection is phenomenal.\n\np.s try the dessert  wine sampler!
This is probably the best sushi you can find in the Valley.  The owner is from Japan and I believe they import their fish from Japan.  My husband and I went in, not expecting much from the food, but we were pleasantly surprised.  The pork spare ribs were delectable with a slightly crunchy sweet crust.  We didn't try much else except the fish because it was so darn fresh!\n\nYou need to get here early on weekends because there are not too many tables.  Parking can be tough in the strip mall with the dim sum place next door.  I would give this place four stars but it is pricey for the portions.
Great staff! FAB food! LOVE that you can ala carte the tacos and add or take away from what you need. Beans..yep. Beans .. Nope. Margaritas .. Icy.. top shelf .. Premium.. strong! Who's driving again??? Love the way that the flat shell is brought instead of greasy, carb laden chips all taken from some plastic bag and greased down and tossed before you with some jarred salsa. I love this place. It brings class to the cocina. I always get the Mezcal chicken tacos. Eat one. Bring the rest home for the next day. Splurge on the beans and flat shell and salsa. Tres bien!
Roasted chicken salad with gorgonzola, grapes, candied walnuts, and celery served over mixed greens and drizzled with a lovely balsamic vinaigrette.    I ate it all, along with a healthy serving of bread and warm olives.  And by the way, those warm olives are not a serving of just a few.  It's a pot of them bathed in olive oil.  Probably the best deal on the menu at a mere 450 pennies, if you like olives.\n\nYes, I'm a fan of Marcella's and hope to make it back to her kitchen soon.
"""Sarah Jessica Parker.  Stephon Marbury.  Venus Williams.  What do these things have in common?  \n\nThey are all selling their fashion lines exclusively through Steve & Barry's.  Oh yea - and they are GOOD! \n\nThe Starbury line has shoes that look like sweet Nikes but cost $15.  My girlfriend is an athletic shoe snob that has fallen in love with these shoes.  Not only does it cheaply feed her \I must have a different pair of shoes to match every outfit\"""" fetish, but she has also found them to be just as if not more comfortable that brands where she's paid 4-10 times as much. And it doesn't stop there.  There are Starbury polo shirts that specifically match particular shoes.  And ya know how much?  $5.  On our last trip there were 2 shoes and 4 shirts purchased for the price she would have normally bought 1 pair of shoes.  She was in heaven.\n\nThe Venus line isn't out yet - but she recently signed to sell exclusively with them.  That alone was enough to get a friend of mine interested to check the store out.\n\nI'm totally Bitten by the Bitten bug.  SJP's clothing line is totally unexpected in that it's cute, it's fun, it's fashionable and it's cheap.  I mean it.  With no sale going at all you're looking at  prices at or less than Target.  Denim skirts- $12.  Cute white button down shirts $9.  It was kinda insane. I kept looking for the candid camera to catch our shock.  Even the accessories were cute. \n\nBut I have to say, as awesome as these individual things are, the whole center of the store is a giant divider filled with cubbies of t-shirts.  From your favorite college sports teams to oh-my-god-they-did-not-just-say-that funny t-shirts.  On our first trip there we OD'd a bit here and got about 8-10 shirts.  But at 2 for $15, it's so hard to say no.\n\nThis is not a mall where you would expect for this to be located.   They are doing some kind of massive re-development over there which should help - but let's just say that this is no Scottsdale mall.  But I've gotta say, it's the only one in Arizona - and it's worth the drive.\n\nUPDATE: Channel 3's Good Morning AZ did a remote show from this mall today.  They did a quickie on Steve & Barry.  The female newscaster was in a serious state of shock and awe with the clothing.  And I learned that nothing in the store is ever over $20.  Good to know..."""""""
I love this restaurant!  The hummus with pine nuts and with chicken (or without) is to die for!  I love hummus, and this is so good!  I have also eaten their schwarma pits (fried garbonzo beans in a pita) which is equally delicious.  Yum!  I have also had a small lunch pizza with spinach, pesto, goat cheese, and tomatos. Yum! All in all this place has great food, and In have always had great service, and delicious food. It is very fun and consistent.  I will always go back!
I went here recently with a medium sized group for a bachelor party dinner.  We arrived right at 6 pm for our reservations and were seated immediately.  We were given the rundown on how everything works, and then were unleashed.  \n\nMy first stop was the salad.  I came in with a plan, go easy on the salad part to leave room for the good stuff (meat) and get some salad fixin's to at least make it seem like it is a somewhat balanced meal.  Overall, I have to say I was pretty disappointed with the salad bar.  The only things that I were really impressed with was the fresh cheeses (fresh mozzarella balls especially).  I guess the pesto salad dressing was nice but most of it was just average for me.  \n\nFinished the salad plate, and flipped the red/green card to go.  (Note:  I'm not sure how efficient this system was, there were times when I was green and the gaucho's passed me by, and times where I was red when they asked how I liked my cut).   All of the sudden it was a whirlwind of skewer toting gaucho's, asking if you'd like some of their meat (hmm...that sounds more like a description for a bachelorette party?).  I tried countless different cuts of meats, top sirloin, filet, chicken leg, lamb, etc.  My least favorites were the lamb (did not like the flavor, I usually really like lamb) and garlic meat (can't remember the cut offhand) which was a little overpowering with the garlic (and I like garlic).  The best were the filet mignon and the rib eye.  The other meats I had were also very good.  We were also served some cheesy bread rolls and a trio of sides, garlic mashed potatoes, fried polenta and fried plaintains.  I did not try the plantains, but the garlic mashed were uninspired at best (and opposite of the meat had little to no garlic flavor) but the polenta was fantastic.  I had at least three of those suckers.  \n\nService was mostly good.  One problem with the meat service is that you get hit with 5-7 different meats in rapid succession, then you don't see another server for a bit.  Kind of feast of famine...  Also, we had one person order an after dinner coffee that wasn't deliver and an error on the check.  I additionally thought that the layout of the restaurant wasn't great, when it was crowded when we left it was pretty hard making it through all the tables when they were full and you had tons of employees running around.\n\nI liked it.  I would definitely go back to a brazilian style steakhouse again, though if I went to Fogo, I might go for lunch (starting Oct 1) and save about $20 bucks.
If you're looking to eat a fancy schmancy finger licking good burger, then you should hit Zinburger.\n\nI had a veggie burger, with one of the yummiest bloody marys in town...baconized goodness in a tall glass of awesomeness, no lies.\n\n My friend had the Tukey burger and LOVED it. Now, that is saying a lot since she doesn't enjoy eating any kind of meat. We both shared some sweet potato fries, that just hit the spot. \n\nOn another occasion I had the Zucchini Fries and THE Zinburger and a Bananas Foster shake...it shook my world, oh yeah. \n\nEnough said...\n\nCheck it out.
I was visiting Phoenix, Az and a friend of mine suggested this place to go for dinner. This place isn't exactly cheap, but the food is pretty good. As all the other previous yelpers have yelped about, there is a special $20 deal for a bottle of wine and 4 bruschetta choice topping. The 4 toppings we had was the brie & apple w/ fig spread (our most favorite! Easy to make at home too in case you are low on money but feel like being fancy, lol), smoked salmon w/ pesto (pretty tasty), salami w/ pesto (nothing really worth writing about) & the warm artichoke spread (was actually good, but would probably want to try another option if I ever come back here again). \nWell this place also serves soups and sandwiches. The sandwiches are a pretty good big size and are very tasty. The bread they make your sandwiches with are just amazing. I had the turkey sandwich and it was great! My fiance and I also tried some dessert wine (I really love dessert wines only) and we loved the Moscato the best. But $7 for one small glass is not really a good deal. I could easily buy a Moscato bottle of wine for $16 at Bev & Mo that has at least 4 servings of wine. But obviously when you're at the restaurant you pay for the convenience and service.\nWell as other yelpers have said previously, the service is quiet attentive. My water glass was refilled several times throughout our meal. \nAlso the bathrooms are pretty large and interesting. The decor inside the restaurant has that posh, homey and relaxed w/ low lighting, type of vibe. Also the parking lot is pretty small and so you will have to drive up to do the valet. We tipped the guy who brought us back our car, as I guess that is probably the norm. \nBut overall, I thought this place had good food, but the price was a little pricey for me (come on' sandwiches and appetizers with 2 glasses of wine for 2 people costing nearly $50? I am pretty sure I could go somewhere else for the same food but cheaper... yes I know some of you may argue that the food won't be as tasty, but I still think it's a little nuts to be paying so much for 2 people for this low fuss food).
Forgive me Dr. Fitzgerald, my cardiologist, as I have sinned. This was a capitol offense as it was a premeditated artery clogging session after our visit today. A crime of passion. \n\nWhile working my way through college as an FTT conductor (long since eliminated) on the El trains around Chicago, I ate a lot of ethnic and soul food. I was 18 years old working summers on the worst shifts possible at all hours of the night, which carried me to some interesting neighborhoods to say the least. In other words, chicken and waffles was not new to me.\n\nWhich brings me to my crime today. After receiving an A+ checkup from the good doctor, I made a beeline over to Lo-Lo's. Like I mentioned I have eaten chicken and waffles before, but for the most part eliminated this from the diet. I had also dined here before but it had been a while. In order to facilitate a fresh review, I made my doctors appointment to coincide with a Lo-Lo's lunch.\n\nI am happy to report that nothing has changed. Great fried chicken, I had a number six, leg, thigh and waffle with a side of greens to ease the guilt. Unlike many places around the country, specifically in the south that serve sweet tea, Lo-Lo's also has unsweetened which is to my liking. The chicken was served hot, the waffle cooked to perfection. Greens were cooked perfectly, a mix of mustard and collard I do believe. Add some red rooster Louisiana hot sauce, some Trappey's, a little syrup, butter and lord a mighty, my soul was healed.\n\nService was with a smile, refills offered before asking, and a team effort. Top notch. \n\nSoul food, indeed. The Yelp-fession helps as well.
We had a nice lunch at Herb Box today, and would definitely like to go back and check out dessert - the pies looked really good.  We had a BLT w/pancetta and a fried egg on brioche - very good!  There was what I think was a chipotle mayo on it to make it a little spicy.  Another dish we had was pulled pork served over soft, creamy scrambled eggs w/a green salsa, crispy tortilla strips and served w/flour tortillas.  I can't remember the name, but this is one of the best breakfast dishes I've had in a while.  It was spiced very nicely, I am going to try to replicate that one at home.  To boost the cholesterol, I added had a side of bacon which looked kinda small, but the bacon was quite good.  \n\nI should mention the drinks.  I order Arnold Palmers all the time, and theirs is up near the top - more tea than lemonade, and whatever tea they used was brewed very well.  The strawberry lassi, which is basically is a smoothie w/yogurt, strawberries and cardamom, wasn't really that great for me, it seemed too icy (ever after they remade it) with not enough strawberry flavor.  Maybe just not my thing, I don't know.  \n\nOur server had a really laid back attitude, but she was fairly on top of it.  Overall, I enjoyed Herb Box very much and would recommend it.
this place is tucked away in the middle of a neighborhood and really surprises you. it doesn't look like much from the outside, but step inside and you're transported into a cozy little space with charming comfort food.\n\ni didn't actually sit down, i ordered take out because i didn't feel like getting all dressed up and would rather enjoy my fried chicken and mac and cheese in the comfort of my own home. the servers were friendly and brought my order up right away, 3 boxes tied together with a string. sure, it looks awesome, but the second i hit a speed bump a box fell over and fried chicken fell all over my car seat. yes, i still ate them.\n\ngot home, dug in, and damn, that was the best, crispiest, and juciest fried chicken i've ever had. same goes for the mac and cheese, with bread crumbs, crispy prosciutto, and lobster. lobster in mac and cheese?!?! i know it sounds insane but it was actually quite unexpectedly good. the white cheddar waffles that came with the fried chicken were soggy by the time i got home, which soooooo sucked because really that's what i was looking forward to most, and i couldn't even eat them they were that soggy and gross. but that's my own damn fault for ordering waffles to go.\n\ni'll be back to actually sit down and enjoy a meal here. very cozy. love it.
"""My boyfriend has been talking about this place since I've known him and today when we were weeding in the yard something smelled like green curry (I know this sounds weird, but this is how my brain works, don't ask) and that was it, I had the bug, I needed Thai food. The lady who greeted us was very nice, and was the same person who served us and cashed us out for that matter. Decor was fairly standard for a Thai food place, including the compulsory fish tank right in the middle of the room. My boyfriend had his absolute favorite Pad See Ew. Which he enjoyed as always. I had the Green Curry with chicken. We both opted for the 1 star spiciness, I think the server laughed at that, but c'mon, I'm Finnish and French-Canadian here lady, my palate is not made for Thai spice! It was the perfect amount of spicy for me, and that good, creamy, warm green curry flavor. The vegetables were perfectly cooked so they still had that crunch. Maybe it was because I wasn't paying, or maybe it's because I've been desensitized by East Coast prices but I thought that $24+tip for the amount of food that we got was perfectly reasonable. I think it's a solid place. \n\nSidenote: I see that most people have responded \No\"""" for delivery, however on their website, for this location it says \""""Call and ask about free delivery\"""" so I don't know if it's new, or just lesser known."""""""
I went to one of the soft-opening events for Arrogant Butcher and thoroughly enjoyed the food. The service was a bit hit-and-miss, but that can be forgiven, considering the restaurant hadn't opened to the public and was still ironing out the bugs.\n\nOur party of four shared the mussels and rock shrimp for appetizers. While the shrimp were good (a bit over-fried for my taste, but the r\u00e9moulade was quite tasty), the mussels were outstanding. The broth was exceptionally flavorful, and the shellfish was cooked perfectly. My only gripe is with the pomme frites included in the bowl -- were they left out, I wouldn't miss them one iota. \n\nFor dinner, our table ordered the salmon, the crab-stuffed chicken and the fish & chips, while I dined on the bone-in rib eye. The dry-aged steak was cooked to perfection and served with a delightfully flavorful jus, though there was a large portion of fat and gristle in the steak. The fish portion of my wife's dish was wonderful, while the chips were nothing more than the fries included with the mussels. The cod was cooked to perfection, and was battered in a spicy beer batter that perfectly complimented the very dilly from-scratch tartar sauce. My dining companions raved about the other dishes.\n\nFor dessert, we shared the peanut butter cup, which is composed of a warm peanut butter mousse topped with chocolate gelato. It was decadent and quickly devoured by the four of us.\n\nMy biggest gripe comes not about the food, but about the service at the bar, where some in my party waited more than 10 minutes prior to being seated for requests as simple as a martini or a draft beer. I also would have liked to see a larger scotch and whiskey selection, but Fox Concepts does score points for having a quite large selection of Arizona beers, both on tap and in bottles. \n\nI will absolutely return.
"""Egg whites and oatmeal and brizza oh my!\nI've been hearing about Scramble for months now and I finally made it in for a breakfast meeting today.  I loved it...\n\nThe oatmeal was not only the biggest bowl of oatmeal I've ever seen, it was served piping hot with pecans, raisins, and milk / brown sugar on the side.  I also had a side of egg whites done just right.  (I was trying to be healthy since I recently realized I gained some LBS in the last few months).  However, I did have a few bites of my dining companion's brizza - it was also delicious!  The coffee did the job too... I left with a nice caffeine buzz and a full tummy too... the perfect way to start my day!\n\nI love the clean, urban feel to this place... the staff was super friendly and the bathrooms were clean.  I wish I lived closer to Scramble as it would definitely be a regular in my rotation.  Even though it's a bit of a drive for me, I will be back... especially to check out their upcoming \breakfast for dinner\"""" charity events on Wednesday nights.  (Stay tuned for info on the Yelp events calendar).\n\nYou've got a new fan in me, Scramble... see you again soon!"""""""
I've got to give mad props to any business that really checks up on it's Yelp reviews!  While I gave Wildflower a positive four star review, I did point out a few things about the location and restaurant that I did not like.  Wildflower's founder, Louis, contacted me to tell me that he agrees with my assessment of the parking situation outside the restaurant, and to show me where customers could find nutritional information and ways to order their meals to fit their dietary needs.\n\nWhile stopping in for a soup and half sandwich order for lunch, I decided to try a baked good on this visit.  It was just a chocolate chip cookie, nothing crazy, but I've got to say it was a very tasty cookie.  Perhaps a scone or muffin will be in order next time I drive by.
Found it by strolling through Old Town, liked the look/feel from the outside and peeked in and like it even more.  Mah/pop joint for 22 years the last 19 by same two partner's.  Very friendly bartender and server/owner greeted us immediately, as sat ourselves in this small quaint lil joint, most accompanied by locals, but did have the usual tourist of which we are.  Full bar, menu of usual bar/grill fare, but we dug it.  A club sammy and the special today, the pulled pork sammy.  Both solid, not too anything including grease or sauce so that was nice.  Great steak cut fries and potato salad to match.  Bottomless soda and iced tea.  Great place regularly checking back if we wanted anything, if it was to our liking and offering to top off our drinks.  We understand the desert is bomb, but didn't have any room for it.  \n\nCheck it out!
When it came down to picking a lunch spot I saw El Yaqui and wanted to give it a shot... It's in this really cool open air shopping complex walk to the back and you will find El Yaqui. Walked in and the staff was really friendly they seemed to have a lot of regulars going in and out... I ordered the # 1 (3 tacos and beans and rice 1st taco Lengua   was really good 2nd taco Carne Asada was super good 3rd taco Pastor was good). Out of the three I would get the Carne Asada again really good salsa as well so this is a must stop for any fan of real deal street tacos.
Once again I will be different from the crowd here, and no, I do not work at this restaurant. I purchased a coupon for about 40% off, without checking the reviews first. After I bought it, ($4 for $25 off) I checked the reviews and almost said forget it. Glad I didnt and went anyway. Four of us went and we voted and all gave 4 stars. We got the sampler appetiser, and Won Ton soup which was enough for the 4 of us. Excellent soup. My wife and son got curry and my other son got the rice noodle soup. I got the chicken basil. #5 in the spice catagory. Loved it. We all loved everything. The restaurant atmosphere was good, and did not notice anything dirty, but then we were there at night. My only complaint would be that the soda's tasted funny. I had a Dr Pepper, and it tasted like something else. But I would diffenately come back here again.
Quaint pizza joint in historic downtown Phoenix. My family tells me this area has really picked up since I left in 2001, and now with the new lightrail, I believe them. Cibo has a lovely patio (perfect for spring/summer, but even w/ the heat lamps it would have been too cold), a cute tiny bar (not much room for waiting), and great thin crust pizza. I like the light feeling of the pizza, but I think it could be more flavorful. Still, for Phx, this place is pretty great. I recommend trying a couple pizzas and sharing. Also the pear salad is fantastic! I think I enjoyed it even more than the pizzas.
I'm amazed to find a place like this in AZ!! I was ranting and raving about it for days because it really surprised me how good it could be. \n\nWhen I went there, I got so excited I ordered AALLL of my favorites. Got the green onion pancake (delish), egg and chive dumplings (yummy!), potstickers (pretty good), freshly made dumplings (so good). \n\nThe staff there was really friendly and sweet. Real Chinese people making the dumplings right in the front so you know it's fresh! it's not the cleanest place and the menu might be confusing if you haven't had this type of food before but this would be a good place to try something new! :D
"""I do love this place. And not just because one of the hottest waitresses I've ever seen in my life works there. (I still haven't mustered the courage to say much more than \Please\"""" and \""""thank you\"""" to her, for the record). \n\nI can't think of a Chinese place that serves tastier hot and sour soup. I love the free salad with peanut sauce dressing that comes as soon as you sit down. I love the flat $7 price for almost every single entree no matter how elaborate it may be. Granted, this is yet another cafeteria-style restaurant with seating for 8 million people, which I normally detest and mark points off for. But if the food is good enough to compensate, I'm willing to overlook it."""""""
"""I've only been here once but it was love at first bite (and sip).\n\nA cute wine bar reportedly set in an old Post Office- hence POSTino, but is not apparent with the trendy decor and lively yet intimate atmosphere perfect for a date or group of friends. \n\nThe Happy Hour on Tuesday really is a steal. I came on a double date, each couple ordering a bottle of wine and bruschetta (arguably pronounced brush-ket-ah) totaling a mere $20 a pair!\n\nThe wine selection is fairly eclectic. The BF and I rather arbitrarily picked the Carro Red Blend from Spain, a \Postino Exclusive\"""". When it came to the taste test the waitress did not assume the man would decide and let me taste for satisfaction (yes- I felt empowered). Fantastico! Perfect mix of smooth with a kick that's not too bitey or intense. \n\nThe bruschetta came in generous portions of 4x4, 4 slices of 4 different selections, the perfect amount of food to complement half a bottle of wine. Each was amazing but the gold medal goes to the White Bean and Chopped Tomato. The savory, sweet and tangy flavors will make your tastebuds dance for joy. \n\nTIP: avoid the crowd by arriving before 6:30 or after 8:30. Our 7:00 arrival left us waiting 40 min for a table but my 4 stars says it was well worth it!"""""""
This is probably the best bar you can go to in the area, it is a nice higher end place for a drink (I cant stand BWW).  The appetizers are good, food is good, service is top notch but I never think of this place for dinner.  First off, you will wait and more than an hour at peak times and I would rather just go to Pei Wei.  Chicks love this place though so if you are single I recommend eating here everyday, ha ha.
Steve's - where whole foods rain? \n\nThe front cover of Steve's menu speaks towards the owners views, policies and procedures regarding the use of chemicals on/in their foods. Simply put, there are no chemical preservatives used on any food items they sell. Now to some this may be of no concern, but to others this mentality is priceless. I had a chicken salad and draft beer....I know I know, salad and beer are not exactly a normal combo...but then again I'm not exactly your normal dude either. Never the less, it was fantastically chemical free. I sat at the bar, my usual m.o., and the service was friggin stellar; hats off the barkeep. \n\nAll and all I had a great experience. I give 4-stars for customer service and lack of chemicals.\n\nGo to Steve's.
My friends and I used our groupons today for Stellar Adventures' ATV tour, and we had a blast!  It was the first time riding for all four of us (plus another family of three), so before we actually went off on the trail, we all met up at the staging area to sign waivers, get instructions etc.\n\nAfter all that smorgasborg, we helmeted up and hopped on our ATVs.  We all started off slow to get a feel of our rides, but before long, we came across our first challenge of taking a dip from the paved road onto the trail.  Everyone passed the test, albeit slowly, and we were off to a stellar adventure (two hours of riding time).\n\nAfter a few stop and gos, a few of us felt more comfortable than others, and so our tour guide told us to go in front of everyone so that we could zoomzoom while the others could go at a slower pace.\n\nI could tell our tour guide had gone on this trail many times, because he always stopped for everyone to catch up when the paths forked off (or he'd tell everyone to take the left trails), and he knew all of the areas where people had trouble.  He let us (the speed racers) dink around while we waited for everyone else, and helped guide the way for everyone across icky areas (not too many).  He seemed to really like his job (I would too), but he also definitely wanted it to be a fun experience for everyone else, which I thought he provided.\n\nIf you feel adventurous and don't mind a little (okay, a lot) of dust on your pants, shoes, jackets, and teeth, take a stab at Stellar Adventures' ATV tour.  It's a little costly at $165/person (our groupon took it down to $75/person), but it was incredibly fun, and I would do it again.  Just don't run into the mountain or flip your ATV over, like one of my friends did!
The Desert Botanical Gardens are beautiful. I'm just amazed by all of the different types of cati that are on display here. It's a great way to get some exercise and enjoy the beautiful desert plants. They are blooming right now and the gardens look amazing. \n\nWe came to see the Chihuly exhibit yesterday (with some free passes, woo hoo!) just before sunset. You have to see this during the day and at night. Some pieces look better during the day and others look better at night. I would suggest going to see this exhibit during the week. It was pretty busy on a Tuesday night, so I can't imagine how busy they are on the weekend. \n\nIf you're into desert plants, Boyce Thompson Arboretum is another great place to check out near Globe. \n\nSome of the trails close at sunset, so get here before the sun goes down to check them out. And the butterfly exhibit closes at 5pm. Also they are now open until 9pm.
Lunched here Monday.  Had read all of the reviews, so expectations were high.  And they lived up to them..\n\nAbout the place.  Family run, mother/daughter combo.  The son handles the web site and Twitter posts (check Twitter for daily specials).  They were very nice.  The mom kept bringing me food I didn't even order, just because I told her I would eventually try it.\n\nThe food:  I ordered a 3 item combo.  I was really only hungry enough for a 2 item, but for the sake of all of you, got the 3 so I could taste one more dish.  The chicken adabo was very simple and good.  Won't overwhelm you with flavor.  It is prepared using chicken wings, and they were hot and tender.  The spicy orange beef was very good.  Daily special I believe.  Very flavorful, with a hint of orange and red peppers.  Also tried the beef mechado, which I am told is one of their better burritos.  The potatoes that accompanied this surprised me.  I expected them to be a bit mushy, but they were perfectly crisp.  I chose mexican rice to go with it, but I believe they have garlic and white rice as alternatives.\n\nThey also gave me some of the cassava cake.  I am not a huge fan of coconut, but I tried and enjoyed it.  Also, they brought out a small sampling of their most popular item, the pork egg rolls.  They were almost like deep fried taquitos with a very unique flavor.  Served with sweet and sour, it is a MUST have!  They supposedly have to make 3,000 PER DAY!\n\nGo try it out.  No soda fountain, so you can get canned soda and drinks.  Eat in (cute decor) or take it to go.  Not great for large groups, but 2 or 3 would be OK..
I love hole in the wall finds. I can't take credit for this find as my boyfriend took me here one afternoon for lunch. But, I think he knows that I'm a sucker for outdoor dining. Plus, it was gorgeously sunny outside. We both ordered some grub... I think I had a chicken burrito on my first visit. \n\nThis place is cash only, which is a huge pain in the butt these days. They do have an ATM in house, but it charges you a couple bucks to take out your cash.
Holy Chambord Margarita! Where have you been all my life???\n\nMy first time, we did happy hour. Service was slow, but the food and drink made up for it. We ordered three appetizers and two rounds of the delish chambord margaritas. I am not usually one for frozen drinks, but this was wonderful - like frozen raspberry lemonade with a great kick!\n\nMy second time, I went with a big group of kids and adults for lunch. Everything we ordered was perfect and delish and the service was great.\n\nThe third time, I went just for the chambord margerita on a friday night with my husband around 10pm. It was standing room only - packed - all the pre-clubbers were getting their drink on. \n\nI have been another handful of times just for the Chambord Margerita. The food is great, but the prices are a bit high for what you get. I will still frequent.
"""Two or three times a year, when my dad comes to town, we have to go eat a chicken fried steak at the Ranch House.  We heard about this place from our old roommate who is a chef, and my dad couldn't wait to go try it.  Typically a healthy eater, my dad loves to splurge on something artery-clogging from time to time.  I'm just glad I get to go along for the ride.  The first time we went, my dad noticed a not-so-svelte man sitting at a table in front of the window.  My dad looked toward him and said \Ooohh.  This is gonna be GOOD!\""""  He was right.\n\nThe chicken fried steak is tender and juicy, the eggs have always been perfectly fine and the gravy is so thick and creamy I can feel it taking years off my life.  Pancakes are an easy kid-pleaser, so everyone comes out full and content.  \n\nI'm glad I get to go here once or twice a year and that's enough for me."""""""
"""In the commercial chain driven world that the Phoenix valley seems to be, it is always a welcome surprise to find a local family owned joint that fully lives up to the \diner\"""" moniker.  \n\nThe atmosphere here was pretty good and the food was great.  They seem to specialize in \""""American comfort food\"""" and have a huge menu that made it tough to decided.  And better still, we had a little impromptu conversation with the owner who also recommended some other great locally owned places.  \n\nWe'll definitely be back."""""""
Thai food is one of my favorite types of cuisines. I have been going to Thai Rama for over 5 years now, and they are always consistent! this place is a little, hole in the wall type. (those are usually the best)\nWhenever I am having a thai fix I usually order the same items. Sometimes different... But not always. \nOK..\n1. Thai tea... the best in the valley! \n2. Pad thai with chicken... level 5 - 5 is usually med spice but to some ppl its very spicy... you can always lower the number to a 1 or 2 and it'll still be just as good.\n3. Yellow pork or chicken coconut curry with potatoes, onions, carrots, & pineapple.... level 5 again.... my fave\n4. There's one more beef dish that is absolutely delish! But, I forgot the name. Basically all it is, is thick rice noodles and thinly sliced beef stir fried.. Kind of like a chow fun but better!\n\nOh and I would also like to add that they have a very friendly waitstaff and pretty good service.\n\nIf you like Thai, check this place out!!!
This was the second stop on our (VinVillage-Phoenix) little wine jaunt through Cave Creek this weekend. The $5/glass happy hour special was a steal. Or if you prefer, get a bottle to share, which several of us did. They have an amazing selection, all handpicked (and probably verified) by the owners. Nancy wasn't there, though I have talked with her before, and she is great - but Bryan kept things moving along for us. Nice interior decor, with some sofa areas and western-themed barstools, and also a quiet patio. Easy to miss if you don't know it's in Stagecoach Village off Cave Creek Road. The only thing keeping them from 5 stars is that they do not serve food - though they will order it from a sub shop across the way (but that doesn't really complement the wine, now does it?).
This has become a standard meet up location for me after a long day at work. I love the atmosphere and the music is always spot on. Weekday evenings it has just the right mood - not over crowded ever - so you are able to carry on a conversation without issue. Parking can be a slight issue competing with Pei Wei and Starbucks but  you forget all that when you walk up those SideBar stairs. Great place to catch up and relax after a long day at work.
Came here with a friend for the first time a few months ago, but it must have been around the time that service sucked because I was disgusted with our server and vowed to never return. \n\nWe decided to try it again today for lunch, and boy was this time better! I feel like the owner realized that his waitresses were shitty so he found replacements. He also made it a point to stop in and greet everyone at the restaurant which I thought was really nice.\n\nWe sat at the bar and service was fantastic. If our server wasn't around, another waitress would even ask if we were doing okay.\n\nAs for the food - I have officially given up on RA and moved here because this place was just great! We had the lunch boxes that come with miso soup, cucumber salad, wokked veggies, rice, and your choice of a main dish (regular meat plates or a choice of a specialty roll). We went with the Las Vegas rolls. You get all of that food for $15 and walk out of there feeling full.
I can't believe I've never reviewed this place before. I've been here countless times before, and watched the place get upgraded and remodeled several years ago.\n\nI can't remember the first time I came here, but it was some time ago after I moved out here. The convention center has an older part thats smaller, and a new addition that's huge!  Plenty of events are held here all year round, from sporting events like the NBA all star game, to the auto show, they had an NRA convention a couple years ago with a zillion people, along with other regular yearly events like the auto show and several others.\n\nThe place is large, and has 3 levels (a basement area, main level and upper level) with a crosswalk to get to the other side which is pretty darn cool. It's huge, spacious, and modern looking with its updates.  Escalators, stairs, etc.  The place is sparsely decorated with Arizona stuff that makes it really cool looking. They also have a cool light feature outside that illuminates the walkway with different colors at night and is really pretty to look at as well.\n\nThe cool thing about it is too is that its easily accessible via light rail, and you don't have to spend $$ on parking...and let me tell you, the parking here isn't cheap! $12 for the garage, $10 in lots around, and its not any cheaper the farther away you get.  I don't know why anyone would want to park down here, since the light rail is $3.50 round trip, so save yourself a few bucks and take the rail. You'll thank me later!\n\nThere's also food and dining in here as well, with a variety of different style resturants, but again, its outrageously expensive!  They have a starbucks here too, which is their regular prices, but is like an extra $5 a person to eat here, so dine elsewhere before you come in here.  (minus the coffee since Starbucks is the only reasonably priced place in here.)  Plus, the convention center is a hop, skip and a jump from about a zillion other cool dining places that your better off eating at anyways, so do that instead.\n\nAside from that, this place is pretty huge, and its worth checking out. Plenty of clean pretty bathrooms and tons to do in and outside of the center with variety of different sized spaces to hold any kind of event, large or small.
"""I'm a member of the zoo, so I have the opportunity to visit quite frequently.  I do recommend zoo membership to anyone with children or anyone who wants to lose some weight (walking around the zoo is a lot more interesting than walking around the block).  \n\nSince I have lived all over the country, I have had the opportunity to visit a lot of zoos:  The San Diego Zoo, The Oakland Zoo, The San Francisco Zoo, The Bronx Zoo, The Tampa Zoo, The Fort Worth Zoo, The Brookfield Zoo, The Lincoln Park Zoo and a few more I am sure I am missing.  Of all the zoos I have visited, I would say The Phoenix Zoo is in the top three, with The Tampa Zoo or The Oakland Zoo (at Knowland Park) being my favorite to date.\n\nHighlights of the Phoenix Zoo?  \n\nEveryone must see the Orangutan habitat, which is really quite nice.  I love watching the baby Orangutan swing and play; my daughter could watch him all day long.  \n\nThe Monkey Village is also a riot.  There are 16 monkeys and only two of them are males.  It is a female dominated society!  Sometimes they even banish the males to the front of the enclosure.  Watch out for falling pee, though.  Those girls like to mark their territory!  Keep your hands off the ropes, for sure!\n\nThe Komodo Dragons are also neat, as you don't often see those at zoos.\n\nThe pedal boats are a fun addition to a day at the zoo ($8 for 20 minutes for members).  \n\nThe one thing I don't like about the zoo is that you are sort of nickle-and-dimed for things.  For example, just for the kids to touch the Sting Rays, members pay $2 and visitors pay $3.  Also, you have to pay $4 per person to feed the giraffes and children under 12 MUST be accompanied by a paying adult.  At The Tampa Zoo, to feed the giraffes you just need a quarter or two to buy the feed.  And you can stay with the giraffes as long as you want!  At The Phoenix Zoo, you have a limited time \turn\"""" to feed the giraffes.  You only get a handful of feed, as well.  It is very disappointing to giraffe lovers like me!\n\nOverall, I enjoy the layout and feel of this zoo.  My daughter especially loves the play areas, like the treehouse and the pirate ship.  \n\nIt is nice that they open an hour early for members, especially in the hot Summer months.  \n\nThat said, you won't find me at the zoo at 6 a.m.!  I am still in bed!\n\nP.S. Don't miss the Galapagos Tortoise.  At feeding time, you are sure to see a rogue hare dart in and out of his enclosure as he slowly makes his way to his food.  The Tortoise and The Hare make a great photo opp!"""""""
We live closer in (Phoenix) so rarely have cause to head north for breakfast.  We found this place on Yelp and decided to try it.  In the genre of traditional diners, this is a gem.  The food is simple, well prepared and cheap, and the service is great (super friendly staff).  One of the people in my group ordered the pork chop breakfast.  It was somewhere around $8 and enough food to fill two hungry people.  If this place is in your flight path and you like old time greasy spoon breakfast joints check out Tiny's (and avoid the lines in Central Phoenix)
Nice ambiance for a sports bar.  Not too loud during lunch hour.  They also offer wifi, so you can get your work done during lunch.   I ordered the Ruben Sandwich and it was excellent!   One of the top 3 I've ever had!  Rye was toasted just right, corn beef was flavorful and tender (not tuff like some places) and not too much dressing to overwhelm flavor, but just to enhance.   Service was great!  Host sat me near a location with an outlet for my laptop.   She was very cheerful and kind.  Server was very attentive and helpful.  Food was quick.  It wasn't very busy when I went in there.  But would definitely head back there if in area.  For a sports bar/restaurant,  a real winner.
Haven't been here in quite awhile, but this is a pretty great place to have a bite to eat.  It would get 5 stars from me, but unfortunately I went on game day and the volume on the game was so loud it was a bit off-putting.  I know it's a bar and football season so it's not unexpected .  If you are in the mod to watch the game it's a very good place to go.  The real standout thing are the beer bread sandwiches.  They are more of a wrap than a sandwich, but very good either way.  At our table we had the mushroom one, chicken one, and the italian beef one all of us gave them high marks.  They also come with some pretty awesome fries.  How do you make a fry better?  Dip it in beer batter!  \n\nTry:\n- anything with beer bread\n- ice cream cake
Kitchen 56 is a nice neighborhood restaurant and they continue to improve.  We went once when it was Vatra and would not have returned had it stayed the same.  The free parking across 56th Street is a nice addition.   As is the new menu.  \n\nWe've gone for dinner with the kids in the late Spring, 2011- I had the burger and it was big and delicious.  My daughters giggled with delight when they saw their kid's spaghetti plate- three separate small bowls on a long, narrow platter.  One bowl had noodles, one had the 'sauce on the side' and the other a fruit salad.  Great price at $6.  My husband opted for the Ahi dinner- that was the bummer choice of the evening.  The ahi tuna steak lacked the flavor and texture I expect at $21 a plate.  It was cooked rare, so that wasn't the issue- just cut and quality of the fish.  The wine selection is ok, but the waiter didn't really know the nuances  between the wine by the glass, yet.  \n\nThe patio is lovely and nice to see neighbors we know.  Since it is a neighborhood restaurant, it would be nice to be welcomed by the owners or management from time to time.  UPDATE:  I returned for lunch with a girlfriend in May, 2011.  The owner spent quite a bit of time chatting with us and explaining menu choices, their remodel, etc.  She was trained by their general manager and is the day manager.  Nice touch!
One of the bigger Asian/International food markets in the city, Super L Ranch Market is a great destination for getting hard-to-find Asian produce, meats and poultry (ever try looking for black chicken in your local supemarket?), and frozen and packaged goods. It also has a great bakery -- it's where I get my chiffon cake fix. And if you want a fast Hong Kong style meal, there's Hong Kong Express, a small eatery at the corner of the supermarket. Since it is in the Chinese Cultural Center, you can plan an entire afternoon there: grocery shopping at the Ranch Market, a meal in one of the restaurants in the complex, shopping for Chinese decorative items and clothing in the stores there, and even consulting a practitioner of Chinese traditional pulse diagnosis at the herbal store (see my review of Healthy Chinese Herbs Co.) if you're into alternative therapies for ailments.
Was pleasantly surprised after choosing to eat here solely because we were exhausted after a 7 hour drive.  The brussel sprouts au gratin were phenomenal and the grilled pork chop was done perfectly.  The service is efficient and not obtrusive.  Not sure what the normal crowd here is since we only spent a night in Scottsdale, but seemed like it was a popular destination for girls trying to replicate their own versions of a southwest SATC night out. Definitely recommend going here if you ever find yourself in Scottsdale.
Lots of character, with oldies playing over head...\n\n-Ordered Bristo Classic Pizza\n-Stuffed Mushrooms\n\nService was quick n food came out fairly quick.\nThe stuffed mushrooms were amazing, bursting with flavor and oozing (yes, I said oozing) with cheese.\nThe Pizza was well balanced and the toppings were extremely fresh.  The crust was fine, but nothing super.  Yes, it was better than CPK pizza, but still not the best that I've had (in OC or Phx).  But perhaps that was the down fall.\nComparing to other greats ... puts this place at a disadvantage. But if I'm used to only CPK, then I'd be very impressed.\n\nDon't get me wrong, this place has lots going for it and the overall experience was fun and super laid back yet with service that was awesome.  But compared to other pizza places eaten less than 24 hrs ago ... I'd say it isn't worth the long drive if you're coming from South of the 60.
"""I love little Mexican Restuarants like these. Seems to be family owned, and very clean! The food is awesome, large portions, and authentic. The menu has a decent variety; it's more of a \to-go\"""" establishment as it is very small. The food rocks, nonetheless and prices are perfecto.\nWe don't have very many restuarants like this in Surprise, so this is my little gem. They close pretty early, so if you're craving a late night Mexican dinner, hang on til lunchtime the following day. Thumbs up =)"""""""
I've been wanting to go here for a while! I'm just never in Glendale so I finally made the drive out there to try this place for lunch. Service was great! While waiting for my food, the cook even brought me a sample of Beet Soup that he just made to test it. I had the Kielbasa and cheese pierogis and it was great comfort food. The kielbasa was juicy and the pierogis has a great flavor to them. I even used the leftover kielbasa in my scrambled eggs the next day. :)
"""I have been to Merc Bar numerous times since this is one of my friends favorite places to grab drinks. Me and the girls decided to come here on a Saturday night recently to celebrate her b-day and it was super packed by 9:30PM. This place is definitely a little gem and the ambiance very surprising when you walk in. I love that most of the time it's just dark enough and there's usually a good mix of music playing; I also love that there is always an eclectic mix of people here ranging from people on first dates, b-day parties, to \that guy\"""" trying to look cool at the bar.  After living in Vegas for 7+years I can say that this is actually a real lounge. I've found that many places in AZ claim to be lounges but when you walk in it's a full on club with super loud music and people dancing every where and little to no seating. At Mer Bar there's plenty of seating and the music is just loud enough to create that lounge like setting but you can actually hold a convo. \n\nBe advised that the drinks are not cheap! A specialty cocktail or martini goes for minimum $12 a pop so be prepared. Their food selection isn't that large so the only thing I've tried was their cheese and cracker platter which was perfect to snack on. Service is pretty hit or miss, on our last visit there was only 1 lady working the entire place, she said the other person called in but we had no complaints since we were having an awesome time chatting. All in all a good spot to start or end the night!"""""""
So I met a friend there for dinner last night and the joint was jumpin'!  i was absolutely floored by the tomato soup...OMG, it was just delicious!  I also had the sesame tuna for my main course...it was only OK, cooked too much for my taste.  It's a cute place and the staff is really well trained so that was really a nice treat.  I don't know if I will make this a regular since it's so far away but it has potential.  NOW, if they had a good happy hour, it might become a stop.  Just sayin'
"""This is a solid 3.5 for me, but I'll round it up to a 4 since our server was awesome. \n\nMy friend invited me to an art showcase that was hosted here, and I was little wary of a \hipster\"""" event being held at a sports bar, but I bought in. We got there and from the outside, C&W doesn't look like much of a sports bar. They have a really nice patio area that was decked out for the event. It was a little warm upon arrival so after making our initial rounds, we sat inside for a bite and a drink. \n\nMe and Jon S. were a little indecisive, so after asking our server, we ordered the Italian Nachos, Chicken Fingers, a D-Bomb and Tropical Vacation. I had had the italian nachos at another restaurant and was pretty unimpressed, so I was hoping that these didn't suck. The nachos were bomb. I can't say that everything was \""""farm fresh\"""", but it had the right amount of everything on it (cheese, sauce, olives, beef) and hit the spot. The chicken fingers were also good. Not greasy, just good ol' fashioned chicken fingers. And we both enjoyed our drinks, all for a total of about $20. \n\nNow the event we went to was pretty cool, and C&W was a good venue for it. I'm not sure if I'd ever frequent the place on my own since I'm not huge into sports, but if I was in the area and needed a place to go, I'd definitely stop by."""""""
The boyfriend and I stopped in Metro on a Sunday morning while wandering Old Town in search of brunch.  I had been wanting to stop in here for some time... Wish I had made it in sooner! We sat indoors after deciding it was too warm on the patio (I might've been a lil hungover) and they were very nice about relocating us.  \nOn to the food... I ended up ordering the chicken salad on croissant. Yummm! The golden raisins and sliced apples made this sandwich delectable.  It also seemed there was some kind of marmalade on the sandwich.  The boyfriend had the salmon and ate every morsel on his plate, but admitted to jealousy that mine was better.  Service was really good, food was very good.   I'm hoping to get back and try their happy hour and late night menus some time soon!
Love this local bookstore!  Seriously one of my favorite places to go to in the valley.  Doesn't hurt that it's in a great spot connected to a Wildflower Co and close to a Trader Joe's, but the store itself is so cozy.  I love to walk around this place for hours and go through everything.  It's rare that I don't find something I want even if it's just a 10 minute quick browse.  The only reason I'm not giving this place 5 stars is because they don't have a computer book section.  Oh well, I'd probably be there all the time if they did.
"""This store has such a variety of imports all cramped in a store not much bigger than my bedroom at home. They don't have a back room, so what you see is what you get. \n\nI haven't ever really bought a vast amount of items here, but it is still fun to look around. They have a wide assortment of ponchos (I love the ones with the llamas on them), cute purses/bags, jewelry and knick -knacks. The prices are pretty affordable, too. \n\nAnd don't forget to get your free bracelet when you go there...\one per customer, per lifetime\"""". I think I have five."""""""
Not sure about the new parking situation at Biltmore Fashion Park, but the additions of Lulu Lemon, Apple Store, and True Food Kitchen are a draw for me... and I happen to really like the Macy's at Biltmore too.  Oh, and the under pass that was built for pedestrians to go the the Esplanade is a plus.  However, the best part about this place is that Minnie can go shopping with me!\n\nAnywhere that Minnie is welcome is a huge plus in my book!
"""If your out cougar hunting and coming up empty, go to The Vig. Its like a scene out of National Geographics. I've definently had my fair share of kills here, but thats not why I go. Just like Georgeanne says below, I live extremely close. Roughly 30 seconds closer then her and my walking stride might be longer so I'd say about 7 minutes walking and 6 power walking. I am a MASSIVE fan of getting drunk and not having to drive home. Whether its cabbing it, hitch hiking, or walking, I will not get a DUI. The food here is slightly above great and below \drop your pant and put yourself in it' amazing. The beer selection is good, not great, but they rotate drafts quite often which is nice. The staff is extremely friendly and courteous. I think I've hit on the hot manager nearly everytime I've been in and still cant remember her name. The patio is the shit! Its larger then the inside part and it has botchiball. Drinking+botchiball=funny Kodak moments!"""""""
Sky Harbor International is a unique airport in that the rental car companies are located off premises in a separate building. However, I found that not to be a problem. Sky Harbor provides shuttle buses to the rental car building. The shuttle bus area is well marked and they even have people helping you get on the shuttle buses. Finding Avis Rent A Car was a breeze.\n\nThe Avis counter is well designed and well laid out. If you're a regular Avis customer then you can locate your name on the board and then proceed on downstairs to your rental car. This was my first time with Avis so I had to check in at the counter.\n\nThe counter people were helpful and friendly. As is common in this industry they do all they can to sell you upgrades and extra insurance. However, I always bring along a copy of my auto insurance and I hold my ground about the upgrades.\n\nAfter check in you proceed downstairs to your rental car. If you have luggage you are advised to use the elevator. After seeing a woman and her luggage thrashed on an escalator in Frankfurt airport I can understand this policy.\n\nIn the downstairs area Avis has a coded system to help you locate your rental car. My key was in the car door. A very nice young lady helped me set up my GPS system and gave me directions to my Phoenix destination. Avis has a great web site and a frequent flyer type of program. Fell in love with my rental car and drove away feeling good about Avis Rent A Car.
Ok, so I discussed it with my dad, and decided to give this place four stars ( I was going to give it five stars, but he convinced me that it wasn't 'special' enough to get five stars and then I decided that I would need to go again before making that decision. \n\nAnyway, I met my dad here for lunch yesterday at around 11:30 and the place had some customers, but wasn't crazy busy. We sat outside, and that was very nice. We decided to split the caesar salad with chicken and the chicken sandwich with the goat cheese and fig jam. The caesar was really good, the dressing tasted excellent and was tossed perfectly, and the chicken was also very flavorful, but the whole thing still had a light quality to it. It was tasty. The sandwich was also very good. I could taste each ingredient, which I like, the bread was good, crispy but soft at the same time, and the combo of flavors was really great. Also, the service was excellent, my water was never empty. \n\nSo I would most definitely come back here. I just think I need to try dinner here and some more complex dishes than what I got before I can give it five stars, but honestly, as far as sandwich places go, I liked this very much, better than pane bianco.
Started my meal with the Stetson chopped salad. Absolutely brilliant, wish I would have thought of it myself. A memorable presentation and a must order. Next came the duck con fit relleno. A valiant effort but the mallard was too overpowered by the pepper and batter. For the main course I selected the exotic mushroom pan fry.  Beautiful variety of mushrooms, swimming in a savory gravy that mimics the loveliest Yankee roast that you've ever had. A meatless Friday would never be easier.\n\n A fun, eclectic, Scottsdale eatery.
"""What Can I say about Crepe Bar?  Well, I know one thing, I'm a huge fan of Chef Jeff Krauss and Crepe Bar's former incarnation, \Truckin Good Food\"""" and have high hopes for the success of his newest venture.\n\nThe space is chill and if the experience at the friends and family pre-opening this weekend is any indication of the quality of the food and service, i'm betting they will be hugely successful.\n\nMy first bites included a buckwheat blini with candied almond mousse and strawberry basil, refreshing, light and tasty.  A yogurt parfait with lemon cream, dressed berries, spelt & pistachio fragments and my choice for \""""favorite of the day\"""" a \""""breakfast burrito\"""" in the form of a smoked chili cr\u00eape with bacon egg & jack topped with avocado salsa. \n\nAll were worthy of note and I'll be back with a full write-up and pictures in the next few days after i've had an opportunity to have full portions of the menu items."""""""
My wife and I were looking for a change of pace for lunch on a Saturday and since there aren't many good sandwich places in the west valley we decided Heidi's sounded good.\n\nWhen we placed our orders they made the sandwiches right in front of us, Italian on a sub roll for my wife and a Reuben on marble rye for myself.  Wow, that bread was fantastic, you can tell that it's freshly made.  It's soft and moist, I loved it.  You get a choice of several types, but we stuck with the defaults.  The sandwiches were also generously piled with the ingredients, I had corned beef on sauerkraut.  The meat had great flavor and the sides were also quite wonderful.  You get your choice of potato salad, cole slaw, or chips.  I had the slaw and wife had the potato salad.  Both tasted better than store bought, but I think the sandwiches were the stars.\n\nThe store was roomy and open, it was fine for a deli.  The sandwiches were in the $6-$7 range.  There were soups and wraps as well.  We'll definitely be trying there again, as it's much better than Quizno's, Blimpies, and definitely Subway.
Okay, I know this is not the best or most authentic sushi around. That said, it's a fun neighborhood place to go on a Friday or Saturday night, have a few drinks, and enjoy guilty-pleasure sushi. \n\nThe waitstaff was friendly and prompt, although the hostess was a bit awkward. I found it kinda odd that they check IDs at the door and give you a wristband, but it sort of reminds me of a waterpark, which is exciting I guess. \n\nThe happy hour specials are definitely the biggest reason to come here, but we got a little carried away since everything was discounted. It adds up fast if you aren't careful (read: after a few cocktails, whooo!)! I live nearby, so I'll probably be back soon.
"""I honestly have no idea what I ate.  Nothing on the menu was familiar to me and when I tried to order certain things, I was told no.  I got pork something and pork something else in a combo plate.  It was damn good though.\n\nWe had tried some samples of things and I wanted the pork sample and then I saw some beef and pineapple thing on the menu that I really wanted.  I think I was told \no\"""" and that I had to order off the giant board on the side.  That didn't really make any sense to me since the menu above the food said it was their regular menu.  In any event, then I said that I wanted the pork thing that was on the menu (because it was the only pork thing on the side menu) assuming it was the thing I had sampled.  The girl then repeated the pork thing and then gave me two different kinds of pork things.  If this is all confusing to you, how do you think I felt standing there.\n\nAs I said, in then end, I was quite happy with my food.  Very flavorful and the price and quantity were great.  I will be back, without a doubt."""""""
This place is a bit rough around the edges, but worth the adventure.  They have really good fried food, especially the shrimp.  The prices are decent and they have a bunch of different sauces.  My suggestion is to mix the Louisiana hot sauce with the ranch.  Employ that for all of your dipping delights.  If you are health-conscious or looking for a nice place to eat, then this might not be the place for you.  If you down for greasy goodness in a low-key setting, then this is where you should dine.
"""Ok this was my 2nd time here and I think it worth a fair review. First of all Nimbus is a Tucson area brewery.  They have the brewery and a tasting room/restaurant like the one there in Tucson too. \n\nThat being said when I first came in my my Cats shirt the waitress said \go cats' and I felt like I was at Nimbus in Tucson:-). My wife is a Sun Devil so she wasn't so impressed.\n\nWe had a GROUPON for 2 salads, 2 beers, and 1 pizza. Great deal for 15 bucks. We decided on Mac n cheese pizza, rye IPA, old monkey shine,and garden salads.  What can I say? The beer was great!!! And the salads were surprising good. The man n cheese pizza stole the show though. It was amazing. Yes bacon man n cheese on a pizza! \n\nDuring our first trip here they were playing Monday night trivia and we watched the Packers and Seahawks and the end of game call!  Fun time. \n\nWe went here the next week after at the end of the UofA game. Too bad they did not play the game here. Some drama with PAC 12 and DirectTV.  Anyways Yelp unlocked us a pizza and beer for 10 bucks so I brought my friend here for the Mac n Cheese pizza and IPA. Great and my friend loved it too. \n\nAll in all Nimbus is a great place. It's a little tucked away but very low key and friendly and plain old good beer and good pizza. Lots of TVs around and a huge patio. I will for sure be back here!"""""""
Anyone who knows me well knows that I hate grocery shopping. Hate it. Recently I was introduced to Trader Joe's and this past weekend, I took my husband there for the first time. While I can't say I have fallen in love with grocery shopping, I have found that I can at least go to TJ's when need be.\n\nThe layout of the store is fabulous. It's just a big enough store to give you variety and some choices, but not big enough to overwhelm you, especially if you are not a seasoned grocery store veteran. The staff is very friendly and always willing to help you find something, and the check out clerks are chatty without being annoying. I really can't compare TJ's prices to those you would find at a regular big box grocery store, but according to my husband who does all of our grocery shopping and knows which stores are the best for certain items, he says that TJ's prices are comparable if not lower than other grocery stores.\n\nI like the pre-packaged salads, sandwiches, and wraps, which are perfect to take to work for lunch. In fact, I had a TJ's chicken caesar wrap for lunch today and it was delicious! Do make sure to check the dates before purchasing to ensure that if you aren't going to eat it that day that it will last for a few more days. The organic pesto pizza that can be found in the frozen section is also very good and just the right size for two people. I was a little disappointed in the Red Delicious apples that I bought (nicely priced at 49 cents each)...they didn't have the crunch to them that I appreciate, but I'm not sure if it was the quality of their selection or that I just did a crappy job of picking two apples.\n\nThis TJ's does seem to be quite popular especially given it's location in the same shopping center as Changing Hands and Wildflower, so if you go on a Saturday, I would suggest going early. We arrived at 11 am and it was quite busy and the parking lot was almost full.
150th Yelp Review!! WOOT WOOT!!! \n\nIt's a Sunday afternoon date, which was nice because the weekend was action packed for me, so a lunch date was just right. He picked the place, I do like that when the man picks the place and he even scores big points with me because it wasn't a chain restaurant, not that he would know that I'm on this only eating at local places & Yelp about it mission this year lol. \n\nI didn't ask him where we were headed but was pleasantly surprised because we were at the Cofco Chinese Cultural Center, never been and have always wanted to go check out, was kinda disappointed in how small it was. Walked around and checked out a few things still wasn't sure of the reason we were here, then we walked into Szechwan Palace and I thought gosh this is cute little place.\n\nFrom the time we walked in I got the feeling he was a regular their and wondered how many of his dates he brought here LOL The ladies were happy to see him and were talking with him, I of course had no clue what was being said cuz they all were talking in Chinese.  \n\nGot to our table, had a very hard time trying to figure out what I wanted to try, I found lots of dishes that I wanted, he order chicken fried rice, I would up ordering mongolian beef extra spicy. Order came out and it smelled delish, and being a crazy obsessed yelper that I am I picked up my phone, turned the plate around to the best view and started to take pictures of the dish, date looked at me funny but didn't ask, guess his other dates don't take pics of their food LOL I could see the coating of the red chili oil on the beef and onions, the beef was tender and onions and peppers were perfect, only thing it was missing the heat of the spice. But I finished the entire dish, it was that good!  Next time I want to try beef with jalapeno, I bet that dish packs some heat!\n\n I look forward to coming back and trying out more of their menu, glad to have finally made it over to the cultural center! Food was delish, date went well, and it was a good day. Also when I checked in on Yelp, was offered a free desert with any entree, I'm saving that for another time!
Had a great time on Friday night.  As my friend and I walked in she said it feels like a great place.  It had a warm and friendly atmosphere.  I don't remember the name of our waitress but she was great. We ordered beer first and I asked the waitress to surprise me with one she likes. That started off the fun.  She chose a very good one first, and an equally good one for the second and last.  My friend and I both had the fish and chips because we thought that would be a good choice for a British pub.  The dinners were very good.  The fish was battered just right, the. Ole slaw was perfect, and the french fries were not overdone. So the first time there was better than I expected and we will come back again and again.
I ordered mild, but the food still had quite a kick.\n\nWith that being said, I enjoyed the food.  A rather large group of us went in at lunch time and were seated quickly and served just as fast.\n\nMost of us ate from their weekday lunch special (about $8 per plate).  The lunch special comes with soup and an egg roll.\n\nThe ambiance is nice.  Like a few other reviewers have suggested, you can't really guess what you're getting into from the strip mall appearance outside.\n\nOur waiter was nice and attentive.  He walked the fine line between participating in our group conversation and being creepy really well.\n\nThere are a few Thai places in this area, and Tottie's is one of the better.
I am always a big fan of a place in Phoenix that is a BYOB. There aren't many around. I'm not a fan of the typical mark up on wines. Corkage is $10. I am not usually one for ordering soup, especially in 110 degree weather. I had the tortilla soup. I was very impressed. At $6 this is a real bargain. It was packed full of veggies and chicken, more like a stew than a soup. Our entrees last night were the Filet Mignon and the pork tenderloin. The Filet was cooked perfectly to order. The accompanying potatoes were tasty with a hint of citrus I believe. The pork was equally as good. The goat cheese on top was a nice addition. I have been here before and had less stellar meals. Surprisingly their specialty, the lamb shank, was not very impressive. It was not nearly as tender as it should have been. A shank should have the meat nearly falling off the bone. Ironically I have never had a dessert here so i can not comment on that.
"""Vincent's was packed!  Everyone was craving pizza too!  The line moved so fast and with smiles. \n\nWe really enjoyed the cheese pizza!  The crust was great and the cheese was stringyriffic!\n\nThey have \barley pops\"""" on tap. They have Cannolis & Tiramisu for dessert! The menu looks awesome!  We will definitely be back to try the other great looking items!\n\nOur only negative, which is totally personal preference,  they have Pepsi products. The kids didn't mind, but I'm particular about my soda."""""""
I am going to start this off by saying that my past experience with Pho has been less than satisfying.  I didnt really think I would like the stuff on the third try, but I am one of those kinds of people that is too stubborn to dislike food and I have to keep trying it.  You know - just in case the places I ate at before were terrible.\n\nToday, that mentality served me well.\n\nI had avoided the previous tenants of this particular location like the plague, due to their reputation for poor customer service, etc.\n\nNew company, new attitude.  The wait staff was very attentive and polite.  There was light classical music playing.  The restaurant was very clean.\n\nI had the Pho Tai Bo Vien with Jasmine Hot Tea.\n\nThe tea was hot - but not so hot that I couldnt begin drinking it right away.\n\nThe Pho was delicious.  Not to greasy.  Very flavorful.  The sprouts and basil that were served with it were fresh and crisp.\n\nAll in all, for 11 bucks, this was a good meal.  There are many other items on the menu that I would like to try, and the manager informed me that the menus is being expanded.  I will update this review in a few weeks.
Consistant yummy deep fried goodness every time. This place for me is for the days my stress levels are super high. I like Petes for take out at this location. Not so much to eat at but for take out. They are making a new Pete's next door to the current location on Van Buren. So I'm hoping they level the current location & have some actual parking. That would just rock. This place is so busy at meal times it's hard to find a spot that the dirve thru doesn't block you in. Not that this would be a bad place to be stuck per say but... you'd have to roll me out if you left me there too long The burgers, fish, shrimp & sauce are all good. Now stop reading & get to eating your deep fried goodness.
This place has great bread. Really fresh and chewy. The food is served fast and the price seems to be pretty good as well. The only 2 things that keep it from a 5 star is that the subs seem to lack originality, and they don't deliver late-night at this location. It reminds me a bit of Silvermine Subs and is maybe even a little better as far as taste.  The lettuce wrap subs are very original to this place. Although I would never eat one, my girlfriend was a fan.
The children's museum is fun but it seems like every time I go it gets more and more expensive. They charge for every person over the age of 1, and it's currently 11 dollars a person. They do have a super cool 3 story climber but most adults agree it makes us all a little nervous to venture up there but the kids don't seem to mind at all. They have a car wash, an art room where you can paint a castle, a grocery store with carts and check out stands, a pizzeria, a race car ramp, and much more... But my favorite my thing of all is the noodle forest! It's an area of hundreds of pool noodles hung from the ceiling that you walk through, it's so much fun. :) The kids seem to want to go back over and over again even though it's pretty much the same thing and doesn't usually change much. But hey, if they are happy I am happy.
so we wanted Chinese, and decided to eat at the restaurant. What awesome service. We started with the potstickers ($4.95). They were lightly pan fried. Perfectly chewy with a nice crisp on them. Wifey went with her go to dish, the amaaaaazing Singapore rice noodles with BBQ pork and Shrimp (8.95)  This dish is EASILY enough to feed three people. (yes, she brought most of it home) I went with the salt and pepper pork chops. If I could marry chinese food, this would be my bitch. Holy cow. Awesome thin cut pork chops breaded, salted and served with jalapenos and chives. I don't ever ever ever eat fried foods, but these were seriously one of the best chinese pork dishes ever. Overall, great great great. Super stoked that this place is right around the corner.
"""I've been to the Tempe Improv many times, maybe more than I should fess up to, lol. It's always a great time! Purchase your tickets on-line & arrive at least 1 to 1 1/2 hours before your show time. It's first come first serve so you don't want to end up in the back. You need to be prepared to sit in close proximity to others, in other words, if you're a \respect the bubble\"""" type of person, you might want to rethink your choice. If you're with a large group you all need to purchase your tickets together so that you're seated together, or call the box office to see what they can do. The menu has been simplified, there's not much to choose from, but the food is decent & counts towards your 2 item requirement. If you're easily offended you can check out their Sideshow Cafe (I think that's what it's called) were the comedy is appropriate for all ages. Every time I go there's at least one person with a bitter beer face & I just assume they are generally unhappy people, because the show is good! This is a place for people watching & good comedy. As an added bonus, the staff is always very nice."""""""
"""Its getting to be that time of year when you LOVE living in the Valley...because you can dine outside and enjoy the fabulous weather! Well, even though it was still a bit warm, me and my fiance and friend had dinner outside at NORTH on Saturday and had a good experience. First of all, I love the coolness of the inside restaurant...the chairs are white and the tables are set perfectly with big wine glasses. The look just exhudes a classy experience, without being to froo-froo. \nWe dined on appetizers of Roasted Artichokes and Zucca Chips...which were so good! Its easy to inhale an entire bowl of those chips, with extra salt!. For dinner, I chose to be daring and try the dish called \Not Your Traditional Chicken Lasagna\"""". It definitely was not typical at all. It was almost like a soup, but really tasty. They place a large egg noodle on the bottom of the bowl and then stack roasted chicken, mushrooms, onions, tomatoes, on top, then another eggnoodle and then big thin shaved pieces of parmesean and surround it in a broth. Its so good. Hard to explain it past that, but its yummy. We had to have wine with dinner, can't remember the name, but it was a Zin.\nI will say this...the special that night was a fish dish and I am glad we didnt dine inside. I would have been sick, because the kitchen is open and the smell just permeated the inside area. Choose to sit outside anyway and enjoy the great fall weather if you are in Glendale!"""""""
"""Some might walk into Freddy's and think.. \Hey this is like Culvers..\""""   Sure, they both sell burgers and custard, but I tell ya what..  Freddy's burgers are far tastier and the custard is out of this world.  How's that for an 80s commercial?\n\nI got a bacon cheeseburger with fries.  I had no idea their fries were shoestring, but I loved them even more.  You can get carried away with fries and end up stuffing yourself.  These work just right.  I added some of their special seasoning on top and went to town. \n\nOnly bad thing was when I have a good burger, I can usually inhale the thing in about a minute.. the burger was gone in about 90 seconds.  Sorry! it was good!!   My girlfriend leaned over and said to me after I ate it.. \""""really??\""""  I know..  Sue me. It was good.\n\nIf I had to compare it to anything, id say Smashburger.  Which I also love.  \n\nFor dessert I had a great medley of custard, caramel, chocolate and pecans.. MMmmm.. super good."""""""
"""This little place does a great job pumping out fresh Chinese food. It won't really blow you through the wall into the Avis rental office next door, but it's above average. Thus far we've tried several of the chicken and veggie dishes--they are all very good. The Garlic chicken and Mongolian chicken are favorites. Pei Wok makes everything fresh to order. There are a few clean, small tables you could sit at to eat (I think two two-tops and one four-top), but I always get it to go.\n\nThere are smaller lunch combos for a very cheap prices--cheaper even than going to Panda Express which is relative garbage. For dinner, you can get a \Large\"""" which is just white rice and entree, or you can get the \""""Combo\"""" which is fried rice, entree, egg roll, and cream cheese wontons. Look, maybe a better semantic strategy was in order, but they do what they can.\n\nThe guys running the joint are also very nice and friendly. They always banter with me about my tattoos, the weather, or anything else that comes up."""""""
Been here twice now and i have to say this i a pretty good burger but the smashfries are the true star. The first time I went i got a made to order burger adding lettuce, tomato, grilled onion, cheddar, smash sauce, pickle and bacon on a 1/3 pound burger and traditional bun. This was a good juicy burger with the bacon being pretty tasty. It was also pretty filling for it's size.\n\nThe next time i got the arizona burger which is a 1/3 pound burger, peper jack cheese(?), chipotle mayo, guacamole, lettuce, onion, jalepeno, and some spicy bun the type escapes me. The flavors worked well together and i was impressed that while a spicy flavor came through so did each individual element. Even with the jalepenos there wasn't a really fire or burn to overpower the burger but a nice heat. It was a good specialty burger but i would prefer grilled onions on it.\n\nThe thing that will keep me coming back however is that smashfries which are great and the rosemary and garlic taste is just a perfect balance. No ketchup needed here the flavors are enough themselves. I have had the fries at 5 Guys, Delux, Joe's farm grill and these may be my favorite.\n\nAlso a nice touch with the close location to ASU is that they do except sun dollars. For a price that falls between McDonalds and more gourmet burger places this is a winner for flavor and value. With other choices like Chuckbox, 5 Guys, Whataburger, and 4 Peaks in the area this still is the best.
My parents are in from out of town and after we trekked our way up and back Pinnacle Peak, we decided to reward ourselves with burgers.  Having taken them to Indulge Burger the last time they were here, Cold Beer and Cheeseburgers had something to live up to.  \n\nThey definitely came through for us.  We had the grilled asparagus appetizer along with the soft pretzel (what?  We just got done hiking and you can eat anything after you work out, FYI)  and both were VERY good.  The asparagus was cooked perfectly and well seasoned.  The pretzel was soft, hot and salted well, but not too much.  \n\nI had the Juicy Lucy burger, which was medium rare just like I requested.  Melty cheese in the middle with a side of tots (they even offer tot-chos, the decadant tater tot/nachos which was one thing we actually didnt try), it was amazing.  My mom had a veggie burger which had great flavor, and the sweet tots which are sweet potato tots, which I had never had and were quite good.  My dad's burger was also cooked to his liking, with lots of luscious onion rings on the side.  \n\nThey have a selection of hot dogs also, and a build your own macaroni and cheese option also.  YUM.  There was also something about homemade chips with buffalo sauce and blue cheese that I'll try after my next mountain.  \n\nStaff was friendly and prompt.  Great bottled beer selection including my favorite: Bell's Two Hearted Ale and of course, Sierra Nevada.
Okay, wow! I'm not sure what happened up there... :0/  I WILL agree that the location isn't spectacular...and the decor is a little outdated, but all in all, we had a good experience. ALL of the employees were nice and accommodating. There was no big, scary security guard (I went on a Tuesday night...and YES, there was league play), and the food lady was quick about bringing our food out to us. Starting right when we walked in, the guy working the counter was quick to tell us about the different specials going, and even set up a bowling ramp, provided lighter kid's bowling balls, AND put up the bumpers for my 5 year-old without me having to ask. The place is pretty big, with AT LEAST 34 lanes (we were 33 and there was at least one more to our right), the snack bar, an adult bar, and an arcade with pool tables. Definitely worth checking out if you want to have a fun day/night out with your friends or family.\n\n\nP.s. GREAT SPECIALS EVERYDAY!! (some better than others)
CON: (1) Small but your little one can probably spend a couple of hours here (2) No place to have lunch but there is a vending machine area.\n\nPRO: Our 17 mo old LOVED it.  Great place to roam and set her free.  We still followed her around though.  The play area to the right is specifically meant for 4 (or 5?) and younger but there were definitely older kids there.  I guess it wasn't too big of a deal b'c the place wasn't packed but I can imagine what a zoo it would be when it is busy.  THese places always make me feel icky 'cuz all I think of is how germ-y everything is but they do have hand sanitizers.  Not enough but they were around.\n\nWish we had something like this in the far west valley ... definitely something to take the little one to so she can exert some energy!
Went for take out tonight with tha family. Wanted to try Vincents ever since I found out that they make a Sicilian pie. Grew up on them back in NY and have had very few that compared, that is until tonight. Ordered the Sicilian Special and we were very happy. Very close to the memories of long ago. The sausage calzone was also excellent, loaded with sausage and ricotta. We tried the Garlic Knots , but they were just average.\n\nVincents uses Grande Cheese widely considered the best available. They are obviously concerned about quality and it shows in their finished product. We will be back.
Love the food! We design and put together our own bowls so I guess we wouldn't be able to blame the staff if the food was bad, just ourselves, but no complaints here. Customer service is great, reasonable prices, excellent deals on domestic beers and if you get their loyalty card, you get even better deals. It's usually pretty slow when we go, but maybe because its during the week. I hope they stick around because its one of our new favs!
I am so grateful that Giant Coffee is finally open. While I live just upstairs from two other local coffee shops, I'll gladly walk out of my way to go to Giant from now on. \n\nCoffee: I usually order a latte and it is always excellent, smooth and sweet and doesn't require any modification. \n\nFood: I've had an english muffin with jam, and I've tasted one of the pain du chocolat pastries they offer as well. Both superb.\n\nPrice: yeah... well, a little pricey, but in my opinion, worth the extra pennies. From the coffees (Four Barrel Coffee), to the organic milk from Strauss Creamery, and the pastries and breads from Tammy Coe and MJ (I think that's where I remember them telling me these were from)...totally worth it.\n\nSpace/Environment: LOVE the giant (pardon the pun) open front, the various options for seating, the free wi-fi, the music selection, and the fact that Matt and Erenia (the owners) regularly pop in and talk to their customers. \n\nThe not-so-great things (there are only two): The hours aren't great - YET. Tues/Sun 7AM to 3PM. But they say they'll be open 7am to 7pm starting 6/15. Nice! They only take cash right now. Hopefully they'll get with the program and start accepting debit/credit soon. I rarely carry cash with me and it sucks to have to stop at the ATM just so that I can go get a cup of coffee. Still, for Giant, I'll do it.
I work in this office building and I'm so glad because I probably wouldn't have discovered RF otherwise! We've been here for a few work dinners since we moved in, and everything is so good! The service is always great, and I'm never disappointed with what I get. My favorite appetizer is the kettle of green chile pork, which I could probably just finish off by myself. I've tried the roasted chicken and buttermilk-fried chicken on two occasions, and both are great. One is obviously better for you, but the fried chicken is a guilty pleasure I have no shame in ordering. They also have a great happy hour which is great to enjoy on the patio, but it fills up quickly, as they open at 4pm. I can't wait to get back here soon!
I've driven by this spot so many times on the 17 and finally decided to look it up on yelp.  Based on the mostly rave reviews my boyfriend and I decided to give it a shot.\n\nFirst off I was really excited about the mac n cheese since so many people said it was amazing.  I was severely disappointed and agree with another reviewer who said it tasted like velveeta.  I'm convinced that's exactly what it was.  The beans tasted like watered down canned baked beans.  Okay, now that the bad is out of the way let me tell you about the good.\n\nWe ordered the Q rolls as recommended and we weren't disappointed.  Both sauces were tasty.  We couldn't decide on what to get so we went with hog heaven to try a bit of everything.  We chose the St. Louis ribs, the beef ribs, brisket, and pulled pork.  Our sides were mac n cheese, beans, and roasted corn.  We had to ask for cornbread.\n\nThe cornbread was good, on the caky side but still good.  The roasted corn was very good, I recommend it.  The brisket and pulled pork were definitely up to par.  I grew up on both.  They weren't quite my dad's, but still worthy of recommendation.  Both ribs were fall off the bone.  I hadn't has St. Louis ribs before and I wont get them again.  They were on the spicy side, which I personally don't prefer.  The beef ribs were very tasty and I would order them again.\n\nAfter waiting for some boxes we started to look around at the other tables.  The baked potatoes look awesome, stuffed to the hilt of goodness.  They also had vegetables.  No mac n cheese or beans in sight.  We'll definitely follow suit next time.\n\nAll in all we were pleased with the experience.  The main food was done right and the restaurant and atmosphere was great.  The service was definitely to our liking.  The 10% off from yelp was also a bonus :)\n\nWe are both huge fans of honey bears and their sauce, although as of late the ribs haven't been fall off the bone.  We are considering buying honey bears' sauce and getting Bobby Q's beef ribs to go without the sauce.
Scottsdale has some pretty standard restaurants I could find back in CA: Mastro's, Morton's, Ruth's Chris, Wildfish, etc.  Bandera was a safe choice for dinner and I was pleasantly surprised to find that they had a slightly different menu than the one I go to in Corona del Mar.\n\nWe started off with the grilled artichokes with a garlic aoli sauce, deviled eggs, and, of course, the infamous cornbread.  The grilled artichokes were standard fare, simply grilled and seasoned but tasty nonetheless.  The deviled eggs were ok, there were parts of the yolk that hadn't cooked fully through and were slightly congealed.  Also, the filling was a bit too acidic for my tastes.  The cornbread, however, was perfection.  A heaping, crumbly carb filled with corn, queso, and jalepeno.  Yum.  I almost finished the whole pan, that's how yummalicious it was.  If you go here, you must, must, must order the cornbread.  \n\nFor dinner, I had the grilled loup de mer with a side of tabbouleh and mac n cheese.  The loup de mer was grilled perfectly, was very tasty. The tabbouleh was good, not too lemony and the parsley was in perfect balance.  The mac n cheese is my absolute fave here at Bandera.  The shells are perfectly al dente, the cheese isn't too cheesy, and they top it off with panko bread crumbs.  Ahhh, a dish after my heart.  This is a must have, IMO.  My friend had the ribs and they were super yummy, but I'm not really a ribs kinda gal.  If you dig ribs though, they were falling off the bone, no knife needed. \n\nAll in all, it was a pretty good dining experience.  Next time I'm in Scottsdale though, I'll try something a little more adventurous.
Phoenix continues to flex its muscle as a haven for Pizza.  This long time favorite provides a great comfortable, unpretentious atmosphere...surprising since it is in the middle of a Tempe industrial park.  The thin crust tastes like it has a dash of honey, the sauce is a great complement.  And that spaghetti calzone...let's just say that I wouldn't be surprised if other smart pizza joints don't start making it.\n\nLike everything else, there is more than one way to enjoy pizza. This isn't your typical wood fired Neapolitan, coal fired New York, or Chicago deep dish.  It is somewhat unique, it is very memorable, and it is should have a comfortable home within your pizza shortlist.
"""I feel obligated to give this place four stars simply for competing against the Starbucks within the same shopping center.  Don't ever give up, Gold Bar!  \n\nThat being said, the prices and the not-great seating situation keep Gold Bar from earning a solid five stars in my book.  I know they have to make money somehow, but $3.00 for a \short\"""" latte?  Substitute soy milk and add tax, and I'm up to almost $4 for a pretty basic beverage.  The flavor and overall quality are definitely there; it just seems a bit over-priced.\n\nFor those wanting to stay and sip/chat/kill time, there are a couple of tiny tables in the front area, a small back room with limited seating, and some plastic chairs outside on the sidewalk overlooking the parking lot.\n\nBottom line: get your beverage to go, and be sure to use a Gold Bar punch card -- buy 9 drinks and get your next one (your choice) for $1."""""""
I Love Filly-B's! The food is great! It is cheap! Open 24 hours! you can't ask for more! The food is be horrible to my heath! I am surprised i have not gotten violently sick from eating there!  But i am willing to take that risk when i eat at Filibertos! If you get hungry and night and nothing else is open Fillys is the place to go! I feel like crap every time i eat there but it is 100% worth it!
I am a big fan of Cheba Hut- but I will preface this with the only sub I ever get is the AZ Homegrowwn chicken salad. Yes the decor is 100% stoner and they have red Kool-Aid in a dispenser. The restaurant itself is tiny which is a drawback and there seems to be a lack of decent AC in the place. The staff is super friendly (but that may be due to other substances besides the sandwiches).  The line at lunch snakes out the door so be prepared to wait or try to come during off hours. Otherwise enjoy the toasted sandwiches amde with a little extra TLC.
I like Mustang. I don't dislike Mustang, but it's nothing special. It's smallish but convenient on 90th St. by the hospital. It's a great place for study and offers a nice environment. I always go here when I don't want to get stuck on Scottsdale Rd. traffic to get to Civic Center. But like Erin said, don't blow off the library for the Barnes & Noble. Sure, Barnes & Noble has coffee, but your local library is supported by YOUR tax dollars, take advantage of all it has to offer!
Had breakfast here this morning. Great menu, the tomato/feta/egg sandwich was tasty and the bread was excellent. Major points for recognizing that subpar bread can break a sandwich - nothing's more dismaying than getting a sandwich that could have been good but is ruined by terrible bread! Decaf was OK, a bit watery. Yes, yes, there are those of you who will TSK-TSK and tell me that's what I get for drinking decaf, but in the year 2011, believe it or not, strongly flavorful decaf can be had. Shocking, I know, but true.\n\nThe downsides: a small seating area, and way too many tables in that area. Making my way to a table felt like hiking in a slot canyon. And it is noisy. I'd really wanted a relaxing, slow paced breakfast but this isn't the place for that.\n\nI'll be back, probably to pick up a loaf of bread or get take out. The decaf.... nope, won't be having that again.
This is a great new addition to the Arcadia neighborhood; a nice little spot that's just a plain bar without all of the douchebaggery of the Vig, but doesn't exude the melancholy sadness of professional alcoholism like Darwin's or its predecessor, The Great Escape. Between the whiskey flights and constantly rotating taps, there's always something interesting to try, or you could always stick with the The Codger: a shot of Old Grand-Dad and a can of Old Style for five bucks.
"""suuuuuper cheap good eats. they'd stay open late for our fellowship group on Friday nights. So nice! i enjoy the visual stimulation from the food pictures on the walls (helpful if you're not familiar with what \sunshine pork\"""" looks like... ), as well as the fact that they \""""would not add MSG.\"""" The typos typical of Asian menus are quite endearing here. The staff here is also SUPER nice. \n\nThe House special fried rice is reallllly good... and actually, i haven't met a dish here that i didn't like. Granted, it's not THE BEST food i've ever had, but it's good, and did i mention how cheap it is? I think almost everything is under $6. It's fun because the menu also offers a bit of a variety of different asian cuisines. \n\ni recommend the beef stew curry. mostly because it comes in its own little mini wok, which is SO FREAKIN CUTE! oh yeah, it tastes good too."""""""
WOW. DELISH!  I will absolutely be coming back here.  For their food, not for their service though.  The busser was horrible and we had to ask for things numerous times, but the food is worth it.  I had the garlic chicken, medium to very spicy, and it was unbelievably tasty!  I'm still full right now but if you put a plate of it in front of me, I would eat it all.\n\nWent for lunch, got there at 12pm and got a table right away.  Lunch prices are great - about $6-7 for the whole meal which includes soup & spring roll (both tasty).\n\nI will certainly be back, but maybe try for a less busy time (not peak lunch hours) in hopes of getting better service.
Good place.  Knowledgeable staff.  Only complaint is they didn't have all the issues from the Wed. new comic day on Friday.  I keep reading about still having stuff on the shelf...but I wasn't able to get about 4 issues from the weeks releases.  That disappointed me a little.  The subscription plan as described to me...not the worst I've heard about in the area thus far...but not the best I've experienced (Acme Comics in Normal, IL had a better program and is becoming the watermark for how I judge a subscription program).  Good place, definitely worth a visit.
"""Pool party sweeeet...great concept!\n\nI was here on a Saturday, maybe it wasn't \THE\"""" night because it was pretty empty. But I hear this place is great during the day and certain nights...guess I missed which nights. Love the pool concept and the drinks were inexpensive. I could see myself dancing the night away here...unfortunately nobody was dancing which I thought was odd...maybe thats a AZ thing. The music was great! \n\nCan't wait to go back on the right night...or day!!!"""""""
"""OK...I've gotta give it up for G&S.  I finally tried it after I had heard from a few reliable sources that it was the place.  They were sure right.  But before you plan your Saturday night around the place I've gotta be clear that the atmosphere isnt going to blow you away when you walk in the door.  It sits in a strip mall between a pool supply store and a Blockbuster and there isnt any of that fancy new Zen asian stuff going on.  Well...at least not well done.  There are a few tacky fountains and some circa 1985 booths and chairs...but that's not what you're going to be going there for anyway.\n\nSo we sit down and and inquire about a Happy Hour.  I guess that they dont do that anymore.  OK.  So our first 5 minutes made us think that maybe we should have done Flo's instead despite the fact that we wanted to finally give this place a try.\n\nSo I ordered the Chef Special Noodles as well as the citrus chicken thinking that we've gotta go for the specialties if were going to give this place a one time shot.  Two minutes later our waitress tells me that they are out of the noodles so I am already doubting the recommendation.  So I ordered the beef noodles (chow fun) and sat back and waited.\n\n5 minutes later the food comes out.  That was when I figured out why I had heard such magnificent things about George and Sons.  Wow!  The food was amazing!  The portions were wonderful and despite the fact that it tasted so fantastic I still have leftovers for tomorrow (or maybe when I am done with this review tonight!).  Just wonderful!\n\nIt was so fresh and so unique in flavor.  You could tell that their \citrus sauce\"""" was the real deal.  It was created there by a cooking genius.  The chow fun was fantastic and although the service was simple...it was wonderful.  No attitude, no ego and very little trendy atmosphere.  Just awesome food in a low key environment.  I will be back!  Oh yeah....I will be back!"""""""
My coworkers go to Los Taquitos for the women, I go to Los Taquitos for the tacos. Specifically, the hard shell tacos. They are literally the best hard shell tacos I have ever had in my entire life. Carne asada, chicken, fish, it doesn't matter, they're all delicious and incredibly flavorful.\n\nThere is nothing glamorous at all about this place. Strip mall location, plastic tables and silverware, whole nine yards.  That said, the food really is fantastic and the price is right. I usually get out of there at lunch somewhere between $6-$8 and I aint mad at that.\n\nJust do yourself a favor and don't go during the week their episode airs on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives on the Food Network as the line is out the door.
One thing I miss as an East Coast transplant is a good fish fry.  Went there today with Jacqui and Dave.  Service was quick and friendly, but not overly so.\nThe fish fry was perfect!  Not too much batter on the fish and it was perfectly crisp.  If you've ever had fried fish with so much batter that it doesn't all get cooked and you're left with soggy batter then you know what I'm talking about.\nRegular steak fries.  Great atmosphere.\nOH and they do comedy on Mondays.  I'll be performing Monday November 9th :}
"""Pardon my french, but Native New Yorker might just have the best goddamned F'ing wings in the valley\n\nThere, I said it.  As a former Chicagoan (and long time soldier in the \Chicago pizza is the best and NY pizza shouldn't even be called pizza\"""" war) (and longtime hater of the Mets, Yankees, and Giants), you don't know how much it PAINS me to say something positive about anything NY, but have to admit, NNY's wings have achieved perfection.  Not too big, not too small, a nice crisp to them with just the right amount of sauce . . . the hot wings were just hot enough to get a sweat going without override the taste . . . the Pineapple Teriyaki, the Oriental Garlic, and BBQ Hot wings were very good too . . .  \n\nDamn you, Native New Yorker!\n\nThe servers have been great, Tony especially.  My $2 Coronas came at the right pace (yep, $2 Corona all day every day), he went out of his way to ask how each item was, and he gave me some great recommendations.  One was I asked how their Beef On Kummelweck sandwich was (it's marked as an NNY signature item), and he was indifferent to it.  He said he hadn't heard much good or bad about it one way or the other.  He then went say the Torpedo and the Steak Bacon Cheese are his favorites, and that he gets great feedback on them\n\nOk, he'd been great up to that point, so I gave the Steak Bacon Cheese a try, and it was very good.  I'd order that again but would ask for sauteed onions/mushrooms/peppers on it.  Add some giardenia, and that would be money in the bank\n\nThe atmosphere in the bar area is great, nice and dark, lots of brick, with tons of big flatscreens, and Tony was a vocal ambassador of the place.  He was great, and does service to the phrase \""""Trust your waiter\"""". \n\nMy only complaint so far is based on their take out catering.  Our office brought in the Penne Pasta.  It was Penne noodles, a reeeeeeally watery tomato \""""sauce\"""", barely there meat and barely there bits of dead green peppers and onions, with a congealed cheese topping.  To top it off, the whole thing was under baked, not a hint that it had ever been in an oven\n\nThere was still a ton of the pasta left over the next day . . . (I was at work, it was still free, I was hungry, what's a brotha supposed to do?) . . . and it was slightly better the next day because it'd gone from watery to gloopy after a good nuking.  Disappointing, yes, but I'm not going to judge them too hard based on catering trays  \n\nAnyways, I have a feeling that after a handful more visits, I'm going to have to bump NNY to 5 stars"""""""
"""I had known about the Farm, but in all my years living in the valley (I'm a Phoenix native, so there's a lot of years there ;), I had yet to go.  We had a \Mommy Day\"""" planned (two out of the three are/were pregnant and the day consisted of breakfast, mani/pedis, and finished up with a baby shower.) which started out at MGC.  \n\nThe second pregnant pal suggested we go to MGC for breakfast and everyone readily agreed.  When we arrived, our orders were taken swiftly.  I must say that they are very accommodating at MGC.  I had asked if I could order hard boiled eggs instead of scrambled/fried for my breakfast and they were more than happy to oblige my breakfast revision.  \n\nMy only quibble is the fact that we were not aware that you had to pay for the self-serve beverages.  After trying/disliking the lemonade, I went back for ice tea.  Thankfully, I was only charged for one.  \n\nCan not wait to go back once MGC opens back up this fall!"""""""
Dragon Palace has been my family's go-to Chinese food place since before I was born, so it will always have a special place in my heart. I think I had my birthday dinner here for at least 10 birthdays in a row. Nothing changes in Dragon Palace-- the menu, the decor, the workers all seem stuck in a time warp in the strip mall's corner. But that's what makes it awesome! I will always remember the teal walls and the red booths. \n\nOk, enough reminiscing. Food- you should get the hot bean curd. It's listed in the vegetarian section, which is a total lie because it involves a lot of pork. But man it is tasty, and spicy! Tofu magic! The mushu vegetable wraps with plum sauce are also delicious and a waiter will come to your table and make them for you, which is fun to watch. Also, the free tea is awesome! It just adds to the whole experience. \n\nDefinitely a long time Phoenix establishment, don't be fooled by the boring outside, go check it out!
creative, interesting restaurant, though not perfect. seating in small rooms creates intimate feeling. service can be a bit distracted, but overall very friendly and competent. i ordered the 6 course tasting menu with wines paired. here is a rundown of dishes:\n\ncharcuterie and cheese: not bad. nice/rich duck rillette. paired well with gruet brut rose.\n\nsalad: okay. blue cheese dressing in excess. fuji apples not tart enough to enliven flavors. dominated by the cheese. saucy/overdressed. paired well with ballentine chenin blanc.\n\nnoodles with morels and stinging nettles: delicious. flavor dominated by morels, but nettles provide subtle spice. paired with gundlach bundschu pinot noir. an odd pairing, but actually worked.\n\nhalibut with tomato sauce, snap peas and cauliflour puree: fantastic on every level. a home run. bad pairing, though -- some Arizona red rhone blend.\n\npulled pork: good flavors but a bit chewy. richness of dish nicely paired with sextant paso robles zinfandel. wine not good solo but good paired with pork.\n\ncarrot cake: great presentation. too much frosting, though, and not enough cake. frosting dominates flavors, leaving you with an overly sweet impression. paired adequately with king estate oregon vin glace of pinot gris.\n\nambitious restaurant worth a visit on many levels.\n\nenjoy.
I must begin by confessing... I am a Ross-junkie. It's a zen-like experience for me to wander the Ross aisles finding amazing deals on everything ranging from handbags to housewares to clothing to blank journals.  I have frequented almost every Ross in the greater Phoenix area and was THRILLED when they built one in my very own neighborhood.  (My husband was a little nervous for our bank account.)\n\nThis particular Ross has exceeded my Ross store expectations on more than one occasion.  It's WAY cleaner and well kept than any other. The staff is warm and friendly. There always appears to be an attentive manager present and I almost always witness employees cleaning and organizing sections while I shop (unheard of at other locations).  \n\nAs another yelper pointed out, the check-out staff take special care of any fragile items I purchase and when I've purchased more than my little hands can carry -- this happens often -- they have usually summoned carry out help before I even have to ask.\n\nMy Ross store -- a Sunnyslope treasure :)
"""Thank you to Check Please Arizona! \n\nI saw Daily Dose on Check Please and just had to give it a try. Wow...the bust kept secret in Downtown Scottsdale for sure. \n\nWe arrived for lunch and actually got one of the last tables available. We were greeted warmly and our server took our drink order quickly. The menu is amazing! If there is not something on there that makes you quiver, then you must not be alive. My dining partner (out on our every Thursday lunch date) ordered the Grilled Chicken Cobb sandwich. She had pause as it's served on a Pretzel Bun. Oh girl please....hit the treadmill more in the morning! She was \blown away\"""" loved, loved. loved her sandwich! I had the Turkey Burger. My felling is, if a restaurant is brave enough to put a Turkey Burger on their menu, they must know how to make it! They typically range from hockey pucks to bland indiscernible mystery substance. Not at the Daily Dose!!! Wow, Yumm, YAY!!!! is what my mouth was saying while devouring this burger! Such a great combination of flavors and yes, it's served on a pretzel bun as well...! The Combo Fries are the best. A combination of traditional russet potato fries and sweet potato fries. Such a great compliment to our sandwiches. \n\nI can HIGHLY recommend The Daily Dose Old Town Bar and Grill. It's good service, GREAT food and very reasonably priced. So when you are near Scottsdale for Breakfast, Lunch, or Dinner, you owe it to yourself to head, no RUN to Daily Dose."""""""
Do all the cool kids hang out here? Yea they do! \n\nOnce again Carolina's has won my heart with her fantastic tortilla's, once you have one you will be disappointed with any other! Both locations I have visited offer stellar tortillas! Thanks for being consistent! \n\nI had my usual Machaca (shredded beef with onions, chilies & spices) Burrito with Papas (potatoes) :P You gotta try one the beef is tender and juicy but not sloppy wet. It is seasoned to perfection with just a mild heat. The potatoes just add another dimension of deliciousness!\n\nMy friend had the chicken burrito I tried it but did care for it. The chicken is a mix of white and dark meat and it was on the dry side. She put a ton of hot sauce on it. Also she said she thought it may be better mixed with beans and cheese. \n\nI will see you soon Carolina!
This is by far the best quality Mongolian joint I have visited in the greater phoenix area. It was clean with fresh ingredients and meat cut just right for preparation. It was about 9 dollars a heads with a drink which is fair for what you get in quality. They have handy wax paper to mash stuff in your bowl for those who really want a ton, and it seemed to come in handy for the people who wanted a LOT of food. The cook was fast and professional and the service was good, with a smile. I did not get sick eating here +1 star, there was no left out mess or ran down seating area +1 star, the soup was good, selection was wide, and soda machines worked properly +1 star, and last but not least - the oil / sauce combos were the best around by far with a nice guide to help you season your meal to perfection. I would have given it five stars but that's pretty impossible for buffet style joints. Check this place out for their cheap weekly lunch specials it doesn't disappoint.
Just do yourself a favor and go here and get the sliders, they are fantastic!!  I think the soft and chewy roll is what makes them so damn addictive!!  I have actually never tried anything else on the menu because all I know is that when I go here all I want is sliders!!  The decor of this place is really cool as well.  All stuff Chicago sports.  Although I'm not a fan of Chicago I understand this place.  If a place like this existed in Phoenix that had all things Boston I would love it!  I really don't have much more to say though about the place since I have only tried one thing but I will say this.  The staff is friendly and if the the Cubs ever win the World Series, it's free sliders!!
Moved from Miami to Scottsdale recently. Every salon in the area I've checked out has quoted me for mani/pedi $80 +. In Miami everywhere you turn there is a nail location, although mainly they speak there native tongue and barely converse with you. I found Elite nails to be pretty impressive for a first timer. The women at the counter greeted me with a smile, took my name, thanked me for being early, asked  me to pick my color. By the time, I finished choosing my color my tech was ready for me. I was again greeted with a smile by Tiffany- a 20 something yr old that did a phenomenal job on my nails! Cuticles were cut perfect, although the calus rock scrape could have been a little longer I have to say I was definitely satisfied. She spent an hour and a half on both my hands and feet and we conversed like we had been friends for years. Did I mention, I was given my own set of nail clippers and tools from a sanitized closed packet?... No nail fungus, used tools that are not kept clean and/or sanitized properly. I'll be seeing them again soon.
Their bread is awesome!! Its made fresh every night! You can actually drive by around 9pm and see them making the bread. They have different breads daily but have some daily. Unfortunately their hours are pretty short so definitely get in there. You can taste several of their breads everyday so the more you go in, you can taste test before buying the whole loaf. And when you buy 8 you get one free. Great deal! You can check out their website for all of the breads they have in detail daily.\n\nhttp://www.breadsmith.com/locations/mesamenu.pdf
I hate to admit this, but I liked PF Chang's.  Before you go and lose all respect for me, keep in mind, this is coming from a vegetarian's perspective, whose choices at most chain restaurants are a salad with iceberg lettuce drenched in dressing with more calories than super sized fries at Mickey D's, and a minestrone soup that may or may not be made with beef broth.  PF Chang's at least, 1. recognizes vegetarians by offering a decent variety of veggie dishes, 2. labels them well, and most importantly, 3. tastes good. \n\nWe were able to sample the majority of the veggie menu.  The chow fun was the weakest dish on the table--your standard noodles--but the lettuce wraps, coconut curry, and stir fried eggplant were all delicious.  They also offer brown rice, which is a huge plus.  My only gripes were that the seating was cramped, and there was a bit of a wait for a table.  Other than that, the prices are affordable, and the service was prompt and helpful.   \n\nI'm all for the mom-and-pop businesses, but for what it is--a chain serving Americanized Chinese food--as a last resort, and as a vegetarian, or just someone who's conscious of their diet, you sure could do a hell of a lot worse.
1 Dollar hot dogs and 1 dollar soda and beer?! \n\nYippee!\n\nWe went to watch the sharks game and yes i love the sharks because i am from San Jose.  Duh!  I am slightly disappointed I did not try any food the buffalo wraps apparently didn't have much buffalo sauce and tasted like little dribbles of the red hot sauce so I in no way wanted to eat a nasty wrap that lacked the kick it desperately needed.  How many times do you here that about buffalo wings? Not many.  The dollar hot dogs didn't look the best but you can tell why they are or were a dollar.  \n\nIf I could bring my own food and desserts and drinks Id be in my own kind of heaven.  But then again you can go to a restaurant out side of the arena get completely full and slightly tipsy so you can really enjoy the game! That's be a Stellar time!\nWhy pay more for mediocre food when you have restaurants outside of the entrance?
If you are from the Midwest...then this place is a little piece of home. The food is great and the service is impeccable. I have a Culver's in my hometown of Marquette, Michigan but can honestly say that I have never ever been there, due to the fact they came to town after I moved to AZ...but all my friends back home swear by it and as soon as this place opened up, my buddy here from Chicago swore by it up and down, he said that he was really happy that one opened up so close to him because he normally drives to the one location in Mesa at least once a month to get his fix so with all this raving I had to go try it out. \n\nI got the Mushroom n Swiss single with cheddar cheese fries and a strawberry smoothie...REAL CHEESE...OMG REAL CHEESE...amazing. To say the least the burger was good, the cheese chili fires are a heart attack in a tray and the smoothie was outstanding. \nI will say this about Culver's even though I enjoyed it thoroughly if you are on a diet this is not the place for you, almost everything on their menu has upwards of 600 calories or more...in fact I saw some things like their 4 piece fried chicken has over 2000 calories. So not a great place for dieters...it doesn't help either that they sell pints and quarts of their ice cream to go....by the way which is also delicious. \n\nWhat I felt was nice about this location is that you can sit inside and they open up the front of the store with these huge bay doors to out door seating which allowed for a cool night breeze to come in and you feel like you sitting outdoors indoors. Great big TV's with sports on...and a ton of staff to basically take care of your every need while you eat.\n\nCulver's is definitely worth the visit. The food is great and the service is untouchable for a fast food place. If you have never been I highly suggest going at least once to check it out.
This is not very far from my home, but for some strange reason, I have never visited there.  Maybe because we don't have New York Deli's in Spokane, and I'm not familiar with the idea.\n\nThe other day, I agreed to meet my son and little granddaughter there for coffee and a bagel, and found that it is much more than just a bagel stop.  They actually have a restaurant with quite an extensive menu.  I had breakfast - the choices were very diverse - including skillets, various pancakes, bagels (of course), french toast, omelets, and a number of other items.  The servings were large, and the service very prompt and friendly.  Most importantly, the prices were more than reasonable.\n\nThe only thing that I disliked, was that they did not have hash browns.  They do have potatoes as an option with the meals, but you cannot actually classify them as hash browns.  They are good - but not quite a replacement for hash browns and gravy.\n\nI actually like it so much, that I stopped and had breakfast two days later on the way to the golf course.  Again, great breakfast at very reasonable prices.  Although I usually don't eat lunch, I am going to have to make an effort to stop in and try their lunch menu. And their deli counter, and all the different varieties of bagels.
Had started going to Tomo when they had first opened.  Eventually weened ourselves away from the place because at the time it seemed that the service was not quite the same and we're real sticklers about that kind of thing.  Once we've had bad experience at a place usually don't go back.  Well we did decide to try Tomo again after the other place we found really began to suck and we are glad we did.\n\nService has been great and they seem to have a much larger selection to choose from.  Usually sit at the sushi bar, like to watch them making everything.  When you sit there you get this great little salad of lettuce, cucumber and julienned carrots with this flavorful dressing.  You also get a bowl of miso soup.  Then the rolls start coming and yum, yum, yum.\n\nIf you have room for dessert after getting your sushi fix on, you need to try one of the tempura ice creams.  It's a ball of ice cream, they have different flavors to choose from, coated with tempura batter, quickly deep fried, then presented on the plate quartered with whipped cream and chocolate drizzle.  What a way to spend the evening.
As of late part of my Saturday morning ritual has been to stop off at Home Depot. I have a decent sized back yard that was just screaming for a few upgrades. \n\nMy first trip I was in search of a gas grill. The associate that was helping me was super enthusiastic! She totally got in to the hunt for the perfect grill. She was also kind enough to help me carry my treasure trove to the return counter for checkout, since I was parked on that end of the lot. The customer service was excellent. \n\nFor the past several weekends I've needed odds and ends for the container garden I've begun. The potting soil, plants and pots are all very reasonably priced. Another win for me is that the three plants I bought at Home Depot (cucumber, Thai chili and habenero) are alive and flourishing. Anyone that has ever bought a plant from a big box retailer will understand how nice this is. \n\nSo, great customer service coupled with excellent and reasonably priced selection? See ya next Saturday, Home Depot!
Nello's is pretty darn wonderful - more than a strict sauce slicked pie joint in that some of their creations are pushing the culinary envelope.  I've actually Googled some of their specialty toppings at the table to figure out what they are, the cheeses so specific to regions around the world that you'll want to learn more on why they are notable.\n\nOriginal crust is thick and buttery, yielding heavy toppings and tender strands of mozzarella.  I'm a big fan of the Schriers pepperoni on a margherita pizza, laden with fresh garlic and torn basil.  Salads are hearty and plentiful, with a killer Spinach Salad (crisp bacon, egg, crunchy radishes and grape tomatoes) and White Balsamic Dressing.\n\nWaitstaff at this location are bustling while still managing to be endearing.  Service can get spotty on weekends when the place crowds a bit, but on two separate occasions where mistakes were made, the manager corrected both immediately with not only no charges for the items but still sending the ordered items.  We've actually left with two pizzas in hand - totally unasked for but very appreciated.\n\nI don't really compare the pizza here to other thin-crust pies - it's so specific of a taste, it's almost its own thing.  That all being said, it's such a yummy experience, if you don't pigeonhole the pizza, you are in for a treat.
Oh how I wished Walt's had better hours. With that being said though, that's the only thing sad about Walt's. \n\nIt's like your little friendly neighborhood hardware store. I've gone to grab paint swatches. I've gone to have keys made. I've gone to pick up caulk last minute. You name it, I've been able to grab it at Walt's and everyone is always sure where everything is when you aren't. It's almost like if you were to walk into a grocery store and hand someone your list and they walk you through in the most efficient way possible. It's that awesome. \n\nThrough Walt's I've learned that stud finders are in locked cabinets. I never would've known that :) Those studs... They're dangerous I tell you.
This is where I go when I crave falafel, and that craving is not infrequent. The falafel platter is generous and filling and can satisfy even this carnivore who's trying to be vegetarian but relapses way too often. Their kabob platter is equally good and the shawarma is OK but could be better. Their tasty lentil soup makes a great beginning to any meal here.  The guys running the place are friendly and the dining area itself is pretty generic. Location is good, although it shares the same problem with the rest of the establishments in the area: parking.
I LOVE French food.. in fact when we travel abroad, me and the Mr always make a point to visit a Frenchie place in another city. So when I got wind of a new French place right here in our own backyard I was stoked! The best part, its owned by chef James Porter, who did amazing job over at the now closed Tapino, so my excitement turned to elation when our reservation was confirmed!\n\nSo now that I'm home from my dinner with the Mr, I guess I'm slightly indifferent. While they had a strong opening night, it wasn't the service or food per-se but more like the other diners. \n\nThe dining room is small and extremely intimate with an amazing looking patio, we chose to sit on the inside. The interior is covered in wood, really, the floors, ceiling, walls but nicely contrasted by very stylish crystal chandeliers. I do have to say that I'm sure glad that they chose larger tables for the diners, since you can never have enough space. So there is plenty of room at the table to simply spread out and relax.\n\nService is pretty shiny and have no complaints, in fact our server was outgoing, attractive and knowledgeable. The bar staff was also very competent since both of our cocktails, Bohemian Sidecar ($9) and the Le Matador de Nimes ($9) were mixed perfectly and tasted great, putting us both into great moods until... a 6 top was sat down right next to us.. I know the old saying, you can't choose your family and in this case, you cant choose your dining neighbors either. They were so loud the Mr and I just looked at each other then decided to check email and stuff on our phones. We couldn't even talk which was a real bummer since this was going to be a romantic evening out. Anyway, the food will make up for it, right?\n\nOf course I have high expectations.. new Foodiebear rule of life, never have expectations of anyone, or anything or you're going to set yourself up for irritation, heartache and misery. With that being said they were out of f*cking Pate! Can you believe that?! Out of the one thing that Ive been looking forward to this entire week. Opening night, first thing on the menu, first table in the place, out of something. I know, I know, things happen but come on, this is opening night!!!! *Sigh* Ended up ordering the Steak Tartar ($8) and the Mr ordered the Foie Gras ($10). Both were excellent both in presentation, quality and taste. While my tartar wasn't pate, it was still excellent with its fried egg on top and crispy potato crisps. The foie was much like the tartar, deliciously perfect and for the price, major value. In fact all of the food that we ordered was really big, surprising for the price points. \n\nLet me tell you what, the Onion Soup ($6) was prefect. In fact Ive never had onion soup that was that good! Perfectly sweet, savory and the right amount of cheese crouton to compliment the soup, not over power it. The Mr liked his Vichyssoise ($6) with it smooth creamy texture and a quenelle of salmon mousse in the center which added a smokey complexity to the soup. Again, the servings were quite large and could have been halved pretty easily. \n\nEntrees were a kind of hit and miss. The Mr had the Steak Frites ($17) which was well cooked but came covered in compound butter thaqt had anchovy in it. First bite I was immediately turned off to the slight fishy undertone. Thank goodness neither of us have fish allergies, very unexpected. The frites were nicely crisp and well seasoned. However the side of sauce for dipping was just strange. Was made from vinegar and had a decent texture but just tasted odd with the fries and the meat all together. Would have preferred something a little more basic, again a preference. I ordered the Porc et Lardon ($16) as my entree and Im pretty happy with the result. Grilled bacon wrapped pork tenderloin with roasted pork gratin which was made with roast pork shoulder, shaved fennel and celery root. The contrast in the flavors and textures was right up my alley aside from the tenderloin being a tad over cooked, it is again opening night.\n\nDesserts were limited to three choices, Chocolate Brulee, Biegnets and Grande Marnier Souffle. We went with the Biegnets de Nutella ($6) and the Souffle ($6). The biegnets had a filling of Nutella which was alright but wasn't a fan until, I took some of the Mr's creme anglaise and dunked them into that. Delish. The souffle was so light and and was just brown enough to caramelize the sugar. You cant go wrong with either dessert. \n\nAll in all Petite Maison is an excellent value and with Chef James Porter at the helm expect solid French fare nightly with breakfast and lunch being added soon. Looking forward to back soon but this time Ill go with no expectations.
"""My husband and I went to see \Act of Valor\"""", good movie go see it.  :-)  I'll always be a fan of Harkins, it's a local chain that is based in Phoenix and has locations in other states.  When we were at this location it appears to be in remodel phase which is a great sign.  The location is not in the mall but a stand alone so you don't have to worry that the mall doors are locked when you leave a late movie.  \n\nAlways love the staff at a Harkins theater."""""""
this was across my workplace when i was in az. me and my co workers always ending up going to this place at least once a week because you just can't go wrong. my favorite is the jalapeno pizza which i always partner up with a side salad and an ice tea. finding a table can sometimes be a pain during lunchtime, but hey who can't blame them. this place is just that good. don't forget to get garlic knots on the side too if you feel like splurging on the calories, haha.
First visit  last night. Very happy to see something great go into the Clarendon. Cool to see that little burst of red popping out the front with the glass hinting at people and activity inside. There will be more visits!\n\n\nFOOD\nDig the simple menu. More places should try this: find a few things to make very well, and execute on them. Keep it simple. Add more only as you can do so without lessening the consistency and quality of your core menu.\n\nSo far, only had the tacos. They were fresh-tasting, well-seasoned and overall, delicious. A little on the sweet side, but the balance was there. Only critique is to echo that maybe the little metal radiators, while effective at display and containment of tacos, might be dissipating the heat of the food too quickly. Some other more insular, less conductive material might be a better (more expensive?) approach.\n\nDefinitely trying the tortas with egg next time.\n\nDRINK\nSmall, but interesting selection. Started with the Madre cocktail. Very fresh grapefruit/citrus flavor. No extra sweetener detected. Also, no vodka detected; but that could be my Irish liver or the power of fresh-squeezed juice. Next a glass of Lo Brujo - bright, minerally refreshing Spanish white. Enough citrus to balance out the mineral and the body.\n\nBoth beverages were excellent summer fare.\n\n\nUpdates to follow :-D
Where Pinkie Danced.....\n\nIt's 10:30 P.M. on Friday, October 1.  We got an ice cream cone at Pink Spot, open  'til 10 P.M.  \n\nThose are important words in central Phoenix on Friday night.  Not only did we get ice cream, but I walked past people sitting out front at the cafe tables, sitting inside on the sofas, and sitting at the big table.  Friends, lovers, mates, maybe neighbors.  All talking, enjoying each other's company, the ambiance, and the treats.  A fine fall evening in central Phoenix.  The Pink Spot can't be mentioned without a word on it's tomato sauce and cheese slathered siamese twin, Z Pizza.  The Z was open, the lights bright, and if I wanted pizza, I could have some.  There's plenty of tables in the Z for overflow from the Pink.\n\nMost of central Phoenix shuts down after work, rolls up the sidewalks, driving home to Gilbert, Buckeye or Anthem.  It's a great thing to have a cozy, chatty evening spot with great ice cream and ice cream treats, and former Starbucks baristos steaming up all they bring to the coffee arts.  Pink Spot's a people magnet. \n\nDid I mention way-to-work breakfast meals, and again, coffee?  They open at 7 A.M.  Give yourself a little wait time and the Pink Spot will take care of your hunger and caffeine needs, sending you happily energized and your fast broken down the road of life.  \n\nPhoenix is trying to coax its central core into a more vibrant, attractive, alive-at-night city.   The Pink Spot is one of the places that's starting to happen.  About 9:50, the last trash bag hits the dumpster and by 10 you'll have to go somewhere else, like going home and Yelp*ing.  Maybe Pink Spot would consider staying open until 11 P.M. on Friday and Saturday nights - in the Fall, Winter and Spring.  Then  I might bring Sweet D by on a date.
I FINALLY made it here with some friends after months of wanting to try it out and it was worth the wait. This is a really cool place with a nice open feel, cozy and casual. There is also a nice bar. I was really impressed by everything that we had. They have a great deal after 8:00pm on Tuesday Wednesday and Thursday that consists of a half-pitcher of wine and their noshing board for $25...GREAT value. We also had Brussels Sprouts and Chicken Meatballs both of which were great. The Chicken Meatballs are served with a spicy marinara that I swear has a touch of cumin that gives it a slight curry taste-DELICIOUS!!!\nFor my entree I had what is probably the BEST Shepherd's Pie I've ever had. The beef was so perfectly prepared that it was tender and delicious while the tips of the beef were so slightly crisped it really was blissful and euphoric to consume it. I was also able to try the short rib which was equally tender and flavorful as well as a damn good pork chop (which was their special) considering that I am not a fan of pork. This pork chop was tasty and moist, not dry the way pork chops can be. Their Macaroni and Cheese is good with little bits of bacon.\nFor dessert we had Death By Chocolate and Pumpkin Creme Brulee. the Creme Brulee tasted like silky pumpkin pie minus the crust. Death by Chocolate is a creamy chocolate pudding topped with whipped cream and a chocolate cookie.\nHearty is probably the best way I can describe my meal here and the entire evening was enjoyable. The service was attentive and enthusiastic-maybe a little too enthusiastic as I felt like I had ADD when the entrees with their amazing local ingredients were being described to me. But considering how awful service can be in some places, it is refreshing to see servers who have such passion and pride in the food they are serving. \nI highly recommend Beckett's Table for an outstanding meal, reasonable prices, good service and an overall great experience dinning out. I think I may go back next week.
"""Not a little bit country, not a little bit rock & roll (Donnie and Marie, hollah!), and well, not at all quite corporate, Hotel Indigo has a sleek, hip vibe all around while being very comfortable and accessible to those of us who don't necessarily like staying at a larger chain hotel (Hotel Indigo is, however, part of the IHG, Intercontinental Hotel Group). \n\nA major reason why I'm so generous with my stars here is that the bathroom mirror makes you always look good. Can I get one in my house, please? I can't emphasis enough how your whole frame of mind changes when you look into a mirror and think, \damn, my skin looks great!\"""" whether that's at 3 in the morning or 7 in the evening (let's add on to that: wow, my eyes sparkle and do I detect a shimmer in my hair?) OK, so maybe there's some kind of hocus pocus going on in that mirror because I rarely, if ever give four stars to a hotel.\n\nRooms are well-appointed, the wood panel floors are nice and the bed, bedding and pillows made for a good night's sleep. It's also spacious enough, with a couch and coffee table area. \n\nI *loved* the outdoor patio that is off the bar. There's a fire going on out there, along with heating lamps. A real treat for those of us who hail from cities where cold winters are a source of our discontent. The bar itself is comfy and nice, only complaint being that the prices are that of what you'd expect in a New York City bar (8 bucks for a Three Olives cocktail? 8-10 bucks for a glass of average wine?). Oh and that pool! It glows in different colors at night. There was a night when I sat on the patio (which overlooks it) and it was just a really cool effect. I think that the deck is a major draw to staying here. And because it's the desert, no effin' mosquitoes, so you can sit out here all night if you want.\n\nStaff is accommodating and sweet, especially the gals who worked during the day in the bar/restaurant during the week and on Saturday. The bartenders during the week were really cool, too. Not sure why this bar closed at 11pm on a Thursday. Major bummer. I guess it's a slow time of year. I just wish they could be consistent, as the night before the bar closed at midnight (and when I asked the front desk how late the bar was open, I was told midnight). \n\nI'm a big fan of rain showers and the water pressure was decent (until someone flushed a toilet). The hard water stains by the drain were kind of icky to have to look at...someone needs to go at the grout with a toothbrush. Also curious why they have those cards out that say they are a green hotel, but my towels were changed daily (I hung them up as directed). I can see changing out the washcloths but it's a bit excessive to change out the towels. Also worth noting that no hotel seems to practice what they preach on those cards.\n\nOne drawback to the hotel is that the gym is TINY. As in, two treadmills, two elliptical machines (one of which wasn't working) and one bike. The weight room, also tiny, has a good amount of free weights. I was thankful that Hotel Indigo didn't seem to have any other business travelers because working out in the early morning would have been impossible.\n\nI am also not such a fan of the dreary meeting room on the fifth floor, either. What's up with that? I kept looking up at the black ceiling with exposed vents with despair, although I was hardly in a desperate situation. Not to mention, there's a lack of any natural light and ugh, I can't see anyone wanting to spend time in there, even when surrounded by the most entertaining and coolest colleagues (the Yelp CMs, of course).\n\nBath products are by Aveda (Rosemary mint shampoo and conditioner. Tiny bars of soap, which I'm not a fan of (shower gel, please!) and an unappealingly scented lotion. They are not generous with replenishing the products. This wouldn't be a big deal if this were not a hotel owned by the Intercontinental, but when the Westin and W replenish your products daily, you have to wonder why the Intercontinental is cutting corners in this way. If you're going to call something a \""""boutique\"""" hotel, then bring on the amenities. \n\nAs others mention, if you're sensitive to noise, you might not want to stay in this hotel (or in Scottsdale). The hotel kindly provides bedside ear plugs, however. \n\nNone of the above mentions are a deal breaker though, just worth noting. I'm a fan of this hotel and look forward to staying here again in the future. \n\nThen again, this could be just the mirror talking..."""""""
When I worked in the area, Jamaican Blue was my salvation.  \n\nI had the meanest, most evil boss ever and no break room to sit in during my lunch hour. So I'd often just come to Jamaican Blue to get out of cubicle hell and relax for a bit. \n\nThey have some pretty good coffee drinks and the place just has a cool vibe.  I've seen quite a few people in there working, reading a book or just hanging out.\n\nIt's a great alternative to Starbucks- check it out.
I was visiting from LA for Thanksgiving and rounded up my family to have a drink there before dinner.  Fortunately we got there early or i guess we wouldn't have gotten in.  I'm glad we did.  The bar/pool area is really cool and comfortable.  The servers were all really cute and helpful.  \n\nhave to say though, I was surprised at the overall design of the building.  Considering they built it from scratch, you'd think it could look better then a bland office building.
"""The $20 bruschetta board and bottle of wine deal is too good to pass up even though I think the bruschetta here isn't that great. The bread is too chewy and I felt like I was fighting with it just to get a bite. Our waiter was fantastic. We got there a little before 8 and asked if it's too early to get the $20 deal and he said \I'll make it happen\"""". He was genuinely nice and gave us several different wines to taste. I'd rather go to Kazimierz but I will definitely come back here on a Monday or Tuesday to take advantage of the wine and bruschetta deal."""""""
Since I had a lovely night here last night and have had several such nights, it must be time for me to yelp this place.\n\nI wouldn't say that I would go to Side Bar on any random night, but rather on a night where I felt like doing it up just a little bit.  I'm not a lounge bar girl, but rather a dive bar girl.  Either way, as far as lounge bars go, Side Bar is basically it.  This is the kind of bar you bring a boy that you're dating who lives in Tempe to show him that there are cool bars in Central PHX.  It seemed to work out well for me last night.\n\nThe crowd can be pretty hit or miss- I've seen some major characters in this place.  You just have to lay back and take it all in, I guess.  \n\nI'm always a bit irritated by the lack of draft beer, but Strongbow always seems to make me happy here.  The bartenders are hot, and they have mints in the bathroom.  I'm a fan.
I came here with my bro and his gf (when we visiting relatives in AZ) after they had tasted some of their brews at a beer fest in San Diego and I was not disappointed.  Some of their own brews: the orange blossom and coco joe are some of the most delicious and unique beers I have ever tasted.  I recommend bringing growlers home.  On top of that, some of their taps included Chimay, Delirium, several seasonal Belgium imports and other micro brews that are skipping my mind right now.  If you HAVE to be in Phoenix or Scottsdale, make the trip worthwhile and stop here.
I am a sucker for James Beard Award places so this made my short-list this year for my trip.\n\nIt's in a cute heritage area just outside the mammoth convention centers and sport stadium, so parking is a bit of a pain.  Once you get inside, it's incredibly quaint.  There is a server/menu mismatch since I'm guessing there are not a lot of Asian people in the area.  So to hear the server (who looks like a student backpacker) describe an isakaya and items where there is some Chinese influence, it gave me a good laugh.\n\nThat being said, the food is excellent.  The portions are small so I'd recommend 3-4 dishes for 2 people.  We shared the curried lamb with mango (mmmm, so good!)  If there are any Vancouverites reading this, think Vij's lamb popsicles but marinaded in a different sauce.\n\nThe warm duck salad is excellent!  It's a neat twist to serve the salad warm and slightly seared and it paid off well.\n\nThe pork belly buns were delicious - I've never had these before!  They use the Chinese style steamed bun material but shape it into ovals that they fold in half and insert the pork belly filling.  Excellent!\n\nThe menu is small but very solid.  Service was OK and if this was more polished/authentic/better fitting to a higher-end Asian restaurant, I would bump this up to a 5.
"""Three flights up from The Big Bang basement bar, The Library street level bar, and on the roof of Hooters is the icing on the college bar cake stack. Once you step inside and begin to catch your breath (assuming you're a sad old fuck like me and get at all winded from scaling three flights of stairs), you'll feel instantly at home (if home to you feels like a moderately nightclubby rooftop college bar on Mill Ave.). \n\nThe inside is all black, but they spared us from the excessive black lights that illuminate your fabric softener making you feel like everyone can see your body is covered in dandruff. There's a big open dance floor that spans the length of the room along the bar leading to an outside patio. The walls are lined with a college version of swanky white comfy seating with curtains to make you feel like a VIP. \n\nWe were allowed to sit in a velvet roped off VIP area, but told that we would only have to move if someone \bought it.\"""" We were soon to find out how unlikely that would be...\n\nThe Dj arrived and started blasting hip hop (a personal un-favorite), and I asked him to turn it down in just the speaker that was aimed at us so we could hear each other. It took us awhile to realize that nobody was inside even though we had a clear view of the patio, but we finally did and we headed out. \n\nThe patio was quieter and it overlooked Mill Ave in all its glory. We could see from the treetops to the pedestrians across the street. The patio quickly filled up while the inside remained more or less empty. They were gracious enough to include an outside bar so we didn't have to endure hip hop music on 11. There were also beds outside and some decent bar-height seating near the balcony which made it pretty casual and relaxing and social. \n\nMy biggest problem with the outside was that everyone was smoking (as young people all apparently do) and it felt just as smoky as the insides of smoky bars used to be before the smoking ban. I also kinda felt kinda cheated by having to pay 2 bucks for a diet soda refill (no refills, son). The staff was pretty nice and the waitresses seemed to be very attentive and efficient (and cute). \n\nIt's not really my kind of place because of the music and the crowd and the fact that those days are behind me, but I imagine that it has to be the best thing on that corner. If you're in your 20s, it seems like a great place to go."""""""
A very good Hampton Inn.  Very pleasing color scheme, great location near shopping and restaurants.  Excellent work desk in my room with good WiFi and electric plug above the desk.  \n\nSince I travel a lot on business, Hampton Inn is my go to place.  Included breakfast and WiFi are generally very good.  Hampton Inns are usually about 70 to 90 rooms so access is quick and parking is close.  The price/value equation is usually very good.  Downside, all Hilton properties are withdrawing from Southwest Airlines traveler program as of 01/01/2012.  Hampton Inns are part of Hilton.  \n\nHint:  book online and use your AAA membership card for a discount.
This is one hell of a grocery store...if you can even call it that. It's more of a grocery mall. \n\nThey have practically everything here and they make it look good too. Is this a convenient and easy place for a quick stop? No, but it certainly is impressive. \n\nSome of my personal favorites so far:\n-fresh bread from the bakery\n-quite the cheese selection\n-sushi made on the spot (Chris loves it anyway)\n-their produce just looks pretty (and tastes fresh)\n-the neatness and organization of the store\n-the premade fresh meals (chicken and veggie kabobs made for me!)\n\nIt's not going to be a regular stop for me (a bit too far from my place and a bit too large), but it certainly seems to have it all. Good work Fry's people.
I recently dined here with a friend and had a great experience! \n\nI love places that bring out bread right when you come in, so that was a great plus and a great start. We ordered one salad for both of us and they brought it out for us on separate plates already - so that was nice. \n\nI had the crusted trout and it was pretty good. I can't say it was divine, but I did enjoy it. The sauce that came with it was extremely good. \n\nI liked the service and how attentive the staff was. Although at one point I had 3 people ask me (within a matter of minutes) if they could take my plate...but I wasn't done with my food yet. That was kind of annoying...but no biggie. \n\nOk...are you ready for the best part? The best part is that they make all their ice-cream and desserts in-house! We order the Alaskan something (forgot official name) and the peanut butter/chocolate thing. OMG! I can come back here everyday and eat just the dessert. \n\nThe ice-cream that came inside the Alaskan thing was raspberry with chocolate chunks. The last time I had something similar was in Cincinnati, OH and I'm so excited to have found it in AZ. \n\nOverall great experience and we'll be back!
I'm not particular on Thai food, however, I was really impressed with the teriyaki chicken with fried rice and brocolli.  Usually, teriyaki has an overwhelming sauce, but I felt their sauce was absolutely perfect and meshed well with the fried rice.  Also, I highly recommend the curry chicken with pineapples.  I felt for the quality of the overall food/beverage, the price was affordable at 7-9 bucks.  If you don't want to dine it, you can always order for carry out.\n\nI'd go back.
I have been coming here for over ten years on and off.  It is a typical independent burger joint with a theme (in this case Chicago).  The burgers are tasty with gently fried buns, sauce, tomato, onion, etc.  The hamburger meat is cooked medium well which blends with the fixings.  Overall the hamburgers are made just right.   The fries are delicious and tasty.\n\nThe parking can be tricky.  The parking lot surrounds half of the restaurant and is difficult to navigate.  It is too easy to get locked in to a space by another car.\nThe atmosphere has not changed in over ten year with the kitschy Chicago theme (newspaper clippings, photos, memorabilia, etc.) and will likely not change for another ten year.\n\nA nice treat for under $10.00.
We had a weekend visit to Phoenix to catch the Padres Spring training game in Peoria and also the Suns/Hornets game at American Airlines arena about a month ago. \n\nIn any case, we ended up in Scottsdale on Friday afternoon and we all had decided to get something to eat. Pizza was the choice and we stopped off at Oregano's. Probably THE best choice that was made that day. The outdoor patio was the location for our afternoon meal. We had to start off with some drinks so beers and cocktails were ordered up and contemplated the menu selections while waiting. Now the food: \n\nStarters: Oregano's Favorite (salad) - Delicious honey vinaigrette dressing and we added some fresh Parmesan to boot. KickBUTT Garlic Bread topped with cheese and marinara on the side was actually KickASS. \n\nMain Course: Veggie Wedgie with Sweet potato fries (ordered by my girlfriend) ...couldn't have asked for anything better. The sandwich was quite large and the foccacia bread was a hit with her. The rest of us shared in the 18-inch pizza topped with pepperoni, sausage, and meatballs. The thin crust was amazing and crispy with the savory toppings to put it over the edge. \n\nOur server was nice and attentive, but our order for a pizza slice, salad, and a beer was incorrect the first time out. She made up for it by letting us keep the wrong order AND brought out the corrections. Now that is what I call customer service!! \n\nAdded entertainment value: Seeing cars pull into the small parking lot (which holds about 7 cars max) and watching them maneuver to park and get out of the small lot. We could have sworn we were going to see a little bumper bump or similar but it never did happen. \n\nI wish there were one here in San Diego, but I know that if I find myself back in Arizona, I would definitely visit this place again. The pizza is flat out awesome and it was even better as a late night snack!! Definitely a can't miss dining option!!
Been there twice for dinner and both times were good. Big open room which gets kind of noisy, but it's a fun place. This is a chain, somewhere between Carabas and Maggianos. I tend to get the veal piccata type of dish at Italian places as a measure, and the veal here was very good. the wines were reasonable, waitstaff attentive, food was good. I looked over at my friend's lasagna and it looked gooey, sloppy, whatever to me. He enjoyed it. The prices were reasonable enough to put Brio on the list for a night out during the week.
If you can navigate your way through the thirty page menu, you'll find that they actually have some great offerings at the Cheesecake Factory. Portions are huge, usually amounting to atleast two or three meals for yours truly, so taking that into consideration the prices aren't bad. \n\nAppetizers are all tasty, and their versatility on the rest of menu is really quite impressive. My favorite two things on the menu are the fish tacos and the orange chicken. They have completely different flavors and creative takes on traditional dishes. \n\nIt's very corporate, and the rumor on the grapevine is that although it's pretty good money, working there is no fun.
"""What a nice surprise. This place was really cute and welcoming. It was busy when we arrived but we were seated right away. Everyone was very friendly and helpful. We had a Groupon so we were able to try several things on the menu. We had the white pizza as an appetizer, the pesto penne with chicken, the cannelloni with sausage, the tiramisu, and a cannoli (to go!).\n\nThe white pizza was just okay for me, not much flavor. When I said to my friend \it just tastes like bread and mild cheese\"""", he said \""""that's why I like it.\"""" There was shredded basil on top, which I love, but I think the dish needs more garlic and/or salt. I only had one piece to save room for all the stuff to come.\n\nOur pasta dishes were fantastic. My pesto penne was delicious, I could eat a bowl of it even without the chicken. The tomato sauce that comes with the cannelloni was really good. Even though I have a ton of love for the pesto, I am totally ordering a tomato sauce dish next time! The cannelloni was chock full of sausage. The portion size on the pesto pasta was huge, I ended up bringing half of it home. The pasta dishes were served with a loaf of warm, soft bread and oil/vinegar for dipping. The bread is really good...we finished ours, heh.\n\nWe shared the tiramisu for dessert even though I am not a fan of coffee flavor. It just looked so good. I ended up liking it, quite a bit. My friend was too full to have more than a bite or two, but he agreed it was good. We got a cannoli to go after the busboy said it's his favorite thing and they make 'em fresh. I had it for breakfast this morning...and it WAS good. Really good. The only thing I don't like is when places \""""dress\"""" the cannoli in chocolate drizzle. I will ask them to leave that off next time. \n\nThe prices are very reasonable for the portions and we had a ton of leftovers. Overall it was a great experience and we plan to go back :)"""""""
"""Let me start off with a game. You say \AZ 88\"""". I say \""""French Tits\"""".\n\nStevey said, \""""Hey lets hit up a place for drinks before we go to the SMoCA night!\"""" Me \""""FO SHO-where?\"""" \""""AZ 88\"""" \""""Where the hell is that?\"""" \""""Um...Bonnie, right next door to SMoCA?\"""" Huh? Turns out I have passed this establishment a LOT since I go to SMoCA and Orange Table almost every week. But it was always during the day or late on a Tuesday, so I just saw older sophisticated couples lounging on the patio while riding my bike and figured \""""Meh. Expensive steaks or some shit for rich people. Whiz-ev\"""". \n\nHah...not quite.\n\nNo one was on the patio (does anyone else think it looks eerily like a cross b/w a Star Wars bar and a Flintstones cafeteria?) due to the rare rain, and the place was packed but I managed to get Melinda a seat at the bar. They had this gigantic drink menu and I was treated to an old lady drink-I think I got a gimlet. Hey-I can't do G&T ALL the time (just 98.8% of the time). It was pricey, but why didn't anyone tell me to bring my swimsuit? Cause I could have SWAM in that glass. Check it-that martini glass was as big as my FACE. It was terrifying to balance and I...of course, did end up spilling 20% on my jacket and outfit (clear drinks rule for that purpose) and smelling of eau de alkie. Glad I didn't drive! But then Melinda ended up spilling her drink on the nice ladies slick black jacket that I discretly dried off with cocktail napkins-hey, it was like vinyl, ok? Don't judge!\n\nGlancing around-there are some GAY hotties here. I mean, damn, can I be a gay man just so I can have an iota of a chance of hitting that? All the beautiful people were here-very LA, but not super Snottsdale either. Diverse crowd, well dressed, artsy, big groups of totally random people sitting together, nibbling at the food like doe on a field, grazers really. I started staring at one table in front of us that had the largest bowl of waffle fries. They were hardly eating them. My god. The longer I was there, the more I WANTED THEM. I started thinking \""""Ok-there is a chick-ooo-shes gone-its a bunch of dudes-most of them straight..ok, they will TOTALLY give me a waffle fries..ok, will this make me look coked-up or homeless? Shit. I want one. I'm gonna do it. Fuck it. Ohhhh...shes back. Girls never give food out to random girls. Oh well. Maybe if they leave...and I can grab it before the waiter does...while EVERYONE in the restaurant can see I just grabbed trash off the table in a chi-chi hipster spot...its worth it\"""".\n\nI didn't. I chickened out. But seeing Kristin's review, I wasn't the only one who feels like a Sex and hte City Oliver Twist. \""""Please, sire, one cosmo or waffle frie?\""""\n\nWe thought about getting another drink there but remembered we had paid 15 bucks for a ticket for a reason (art..oh yeah...) Before heading out, we ended up chatting with our bar's neighbors (the one whose coat we soiled a wee bit).  Her and her new roommate received all this food, one that had like pizza with avocado slices and other delicious thing-my eyes were bugging OUT of my head-this food looks AMAZING. At one point I thought she was going to feed me aforementioned slice-and I wouldn't have cared. She noticed my lobster bling and freaked. I looked down, already a lil sloshed (these drinks are STRONG) and thought she was looking at my chest. \""""Huh? They're real\"""", I thought, not very impressive in the Scottsdale world of implants. She corrected me it was the bling, and I said, \""""Oh good....my breasts aren't very impressive and I was wondering why you were checking them out.\"""" \""""Honey-you have FABULOUS tits. You have FRENCH TITS honey, and they are SEXY. WORK THEM.\""""\n\nAll right.\n\nOnce again. \""""Az 88?\"""" \""""French Tits\""""\n\nADDENDUM:\n\nHad an actual meal here-get here before 8pm on Friday to avoid more than a 20 minute wait for a table, btw. I had the shrimp cerviche, which was an amazing deal at 9 bucks for a meal instead of an appetizer. Primo avocado, delish shrimp with the fresher salsa and delectible chips, I didn't offer it to share with my fellow dining companions. Since they had the BLT with avocado and bacon and the infamous waffle fries, I asked him to add a small plate with a side of mayo for me to devour with them. And man, they are GOOD-the guys ate their fries before their sandwich! And they only charged me a buck extra for the huge plate of waffle fries I couldn't even finish. Extra star!"""""""
"""I work for the airlines and love barbecue so Haps is the \only\"""" place. Honey Bears is a joke and quite simply their is no great barbecue in the entire valley. Period! \n\nAnyone who thinks otherwise is not very well traveled.\n\nThe four star rating I give Haps is based on the Arizona \""""handicap\"""" scale. Their biggest problem is the meat inconsistency, from day to day they can easily slide to 3 ... and lord help me ... 2 Arizona stars. \n\nI don't know who manages this joint but ... Dude!\n\nSo why am I a regular at Haps, well I love barbecue and have learned to navigate the mine fields. Luckily the sauce is always consistent and if push comes to shove you can always drown the poor beast. However on the occasional excellent day, no sauce is required. Go figure! \n\nThe most consistent meat is the Ribs, the really safe bet is to buy the ribs individually, they tend to use the best center cuts. The beans are always excellent and the garlic mashers are the other stand out.  The rest of the sides are downright embarrassing, in fact the lack of imagination is appalling. Once again ... Dude!\n\nHaps really needs a proper master smoker who can bring back meat consistency and dream up some edible sides. Then they would really deserve a proper 4 star rating. \n\nUntil then ... IT IS WHAT IT IS!!!"""""""
Did you know that Ten is owned by SRG?  Sapporo Restaurant Group... you will notice the similarities in the restaurants if you've been to both.\n\nTen Sushi Asian Fusion is the full name of this restaurant... and that is exactly what they have to offer.  I've been on several occasions to dine in and I've also picked up food for 'take-out.'  As Josh said almost a year ago, the service can sometimes be disappointing.  However, if you get a good waiter / waitress, you'll have a great experience.  Minus one star for the gamble...\n\nOn to the food...\nFirst, if you are watching your spending, you may want to take advantage of Ten's daily happy hour from 4p - 7p.  They offer deals on drinks, sushi, and appetizers.\n\nI recommend starting with lobster dumplings - steamed just right and served with a yummy dipping sauce.  However, Ten offers regular edamame and spicy edamame too - I'd never seen this before!  Their house salad with ginger dressing and their seaweed salad are pretty similar to what you might order at any other sushi restaurant.\n\nIf you're making a meal of sushi, there is plenty to choose from... I love the Ten roll  and spicy scallop handroll, but I'm sure there is something for everyone... \n\nIf you choose to go with the asian/fusion selections, I will recommend the KABAYAKI SCALLOPS.  The dish has not let me down and the scallops are prepared in a wok with fresh asparagus and shitake mushrooms.  For the health conscious, you can choose from white or brown rice!\n\nThere are plenty of vegetarian options and a special 'ten and under' portion of the menu if you bring the kiddies!  This is a good place for groups and I've never had to wait for a table here either!
NOTE: This is  not a 'walk to' restaurant if you are cruising Kierland....hopefully someone will think of building a pedestrian bridge from Kierland.\nA Tuscan feel upon entering - to me if smelled of crusty bread too!!\n\nI think the restaurant had only been opened a few days - so everything was quite new - including the service staff. No worries there.\n\nWe stopped in for a quick lunch - they had a great selection of salads - good portion sizes!.\nWill be back.
I  went here while in Phoenix on business a couple of months ago. I was looking for a good restaurant not too far from my hotel, and although this seemed to be in a weird location the food is great! I had the chicken and waffles, and it was delicious! Cheddar waffles...  crispy deep fried chicken... it was amazing! So rich and decadent, but a perfect treat after hiking Camelback. \n\nI also had their chocolate cake which was good, but not particularly memorable. \nThey also serve cookie dough balls at the end of the meal. Ours were stale and tasted like they had been in the fridge too long. I think they would stay fresher and taste better longer if they were dipped in chocolate.
"""Delux is a reliable late-night dining and drinking destination.  For us, we were pretty hungry after watching a Spring Training game, and there weren't a ton of late-night spots.  Luckily, this place is open until 2am, every day!  And, luckily, it reminds me of the movie Tron, which I love, inside, with neon blue lights all up in your face!\n\nBetween the bf and I, we ordered the delux Burger and the Standard Classic Burger.  If you tell them you want it cooked medium-rare, they actually know what that means!  Pink and tender on the inside, light brown on the outside, and soooo yummy.  We also shared a beer flight, which was pretty cool, and some \a la cart\"""" fries, which are presented to you in a mini shopping cart.\n\nConvenient, cute, kitschy, yummy, along with a side of good service.  I recommend!"""""""
Finally, a place to get an exceptional steak without going to one of the 'Prime' restaurants.  We've been looking since moving here a few years back for a descent steak & I've had some good ones but none as good as here.  While it won't rival the prime cut steaks, it is quite close and at only $21 for a 12oz ribeye and a loaded potato, what a deal. My wife had the spiced chicken pasta bowl and I'd give it 4 stars too, though I thought a little more chicken and less pasta would of been the perfect touch.\n\nThe onion ring appetizer is very nice as is the ambiance & service.\n\nWhile its a 25 minute drive for me, I'd make the trip again and again.
Hadn't been to this place in a while but swung by the other day after hanging out with a friend at the Baseline Sports Bar just down the plaza. Once I was inside I remembered why I like it, damn good coffee simple as that. The interior is cool and the people who work there are really nice. I wouldn't say punk gallery meets retro-Victorian (it's not really either of those things I think) but it is definitely a great place for a coffee
Another place I love... and it's fat free, so I don't feel as guilty! :-)\n\nI find it very interesting and kinda funny to read about people complaining about prices. Mojo provides these mondo cups to fill, but that doesn't mean you have to fill it to the top. I suppose if I was planning on taking a pint home, I might be a lil' grumpy at having to pay 10 bucks. Then again, any ice cream/yogurt parlor you go to will charge you more than the grocery store...\n\nAnyways, moving on... so, I love how the set-up allows you to sample the yogurt and put on your own toppings. I normally get a couple of different flavors and mix them together. My friends and I all agreed that the pricing was pretty fair. Usually I spend around $2.50, maybe $3 at the most. The yogurt is always pretty fresh too. Good thing they don't have one by my house...
I finally made it here after some comments by an industry worker. She told me they had absinthe, so I had to check it out. Mansinthe, Pernod and one fakey are served and made with a drip fountain. However I think they need a lesson and proper glassware. NO FIRE IS INVOLVED WITH ABSINTHE and one needs a straight stemmed glass. 3 parts water, 1 part absinthe with sugar cube, stir thoroughly to dissolve the sugar, then a little ice on top. Rocks glasses aren't the way to go, it splashes and it's just plain incorrect. \n       Anyway, loads of good points - decent beer selection for the freshman beer snob, and there are even some good surprises such as the Leffe and Dogfish Head 90 Minute IPA. 22-ounce bombers of Arrogant Bastard and Rogue brown are also on offer. Way cool little place. Good liquor selection. Service is perfect, more attentive than my local! Maybe I should start going where I feel more like a VIP than a taken-for-granted shlub. \n      I was in this happy hour on Monday (free fajita bar, drink discounts!), and I don't think I want to come any time else - waiting ages for a drink and squeezing by throngs isn't my idea of fun. However I guess it should be easy squeezing by a bunch of skinny, assless fixie hipsters.\n      I spied a number of unique liquors, even CHARTREUSE VERTE! What a treat to sip and let explode in your mouth. Lots of unique drinks on the menu, recommended for quieter times.\n+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++\nI've been reading other reviews, and I saw some mentions about bad service. I'm disheartened by this but I've never been in when the gal was working.\nTry coming in at a different time, LIKE WHEN TONY IS WORKING SOLO. He's pure professional, and if you come in often enough he remembers your name. With me it was after twice. \nI strongly recommend Monday happy hour. FREE FAJITA BAR 5pm!\nPlease trust me on this.
Went on my birthday after St. Francis had an hour long wait.  Very happy with our decision.  Had the ginger martini.  Very sweet, but very good.  Then, we shared the vegetarian appetizer plate.  The corn fritters are mind blowing good!  Never had anything like that before.  I had the tofu pad thai, which was perfect!  The hubby had the mahi mahi which was good, but could have used more sauce. Our friends split the yellow curry which was some of the best I've had in town.  Great heat and flavor.  Bathrooms were clean and nicely decorated.  The whole place had a positive vibe and friendly (though not the most prompt) service.  Will go back again for sure!
Co-workers told me about this place, so decided to check it out for happy hour.  Good crowd and multiple TV's showing the MLB playoffs, Thursday NFL and ASU game.  Enjoyed the Prime Dip with fries and it was very good.  Meat was tender and the quantity of food was really good.  People at the bar that I talked to said the burgers they had were awesome as were the chicken skewers.  Brews were by the bottle, so no draft beer.  Nice atmosphere and very friendly service.
UPDATE:  I hate to take away a star, but they've since lost a star in my book due to inconsistancy with offerings.  What they consider their best sellers and best desserts they don't even carry all the time.  Boo.\n\nIt's rare to find a patisserie that I can rave about, especially because I do a lot of my own desserts at home.\n\nWhat I look for in a good dessert:\n\nIf it's a rich dessert, it should be thick and moist or indulgently creamy.  Eating a rich dessert should make you feel sexy and naughty, like stealing a peek at a hot guy across the way to find he's looking at you too.\n\nIf it's a light dessert, it should be just sweet enough to invite you in bite after bite.  It shouldn't make you feel guilty, but it should satisfy a sweet tooth at the same time.\n\nArai has both for the taking.\n\nConveniently next to Fujiya, a cute little Japanese market, this bakery has a small selection of desserts, but what they do create, they do well.\n\nThe Green Tea Mousse is to die for, resuscitate, and die for again!  The light pillowy mousse has just enough hint of green tea to let you know what you're eating, and isn't so sweet you feel like you just invested in grills made out of sugar crystals.  \n\nIt's pretty much the only thing I order there, although I've tried the fruit tart as well (delish too!) and I've heard the blueberry mousse is great, but they seem to run out when I get out there.  On top of the desserts, they offer fresh breads and cakes to order.\n\nThe staff is friendly, which is always a plus.\n\nI can't wait to get back there to try their other offerings!
This small, unassuming Thai restaurant boasts a clean, contemporary interior. The staff were quick to acknowledge my friend and I and the early evening hours, before the normal dinner crowd would start streaming in. Our server was friendly, knowledgeable and genuine.  We ordered two iced Teas that were subtly flavored -but not sweetened.  They were refreshing and delicious! We also began with an order of the chicken satay before deciding on our entrees.  The satay was visually brighter than I had encountered before- almost Tandoori orange.  There were several large pieces skewers- enough for 4 people that did not want to ruin their appetite.  For us 2, it was very generous portion, but we soldiered on.  Very nicely seasoned while paired with a Thai peanut sauce.  The large menu took us a while to go through, but we made our decisions and figured we would definitely come back to try something else. My friend chose a spicy Tofu dish that was very satisfying.  I took on the red curry panang which also did not disappoint.  The server brought our meals promptly and after we filled up as much as possible, he brought us a couple of take out cartons.  Excellent deal as this was enough for another meal!\nAnother star may be earned when I have had time to return and make sure this was not a fluke!  Great recommendation from a friend at work.
"""I agree with Ben H. \nThe jokes about starving Ethiopians are not only old, they are ignorant and tired. \n\nThat being said, I would also like to address the age old question: to Lalibela or to Blue Nile? \n\nWell, I was a die-hard Lalibela fan. It seems to me that those who eat meat prefer Blue Nile, while those who chomp veggies like Lali-better. I have been both a meat-eater and a vegetarian at both places, and I have to say that based on the Ethiopian cuisine, Lalibela wins for me every time. The spicy chicken use to be my favorite... well, you can read my Lalibela review too. \n\nSo what brought me back to Blue Nile? Chef Ron. On Sundays and Mondays (from open at 11am until close at 10pm), Chef Ron serves up the very best in RAW CUISINE! \n\nThat's right, folks. Chef Ron is the resident expert in raw vegan cuisine and he shows off his talents at Blue Nile two days per week. Before you think, \why would I pay for a bunch of raw rabbit food?\"""", you should know that raw cuisine has depth, complex flavors, and usually requires a sophisticated palette. I like it anyway. \n\nAfter some raw dolmas (I wasn't so big on the collard greens wrapping), Super Yogi and I ordered the living lasagna while hubsky went for the onion bread sandwich. After the requisite \""""my food is cold\"""" jokes, we dug in. It was tasty. The flavors of the zucchini flat noodles with the spinach and mushrooms (which I usually avoid)... the tangy marinara... and most of all the cashew ricotta... ok, it would have been nice if it was a little warm, but it was delectable. \n\nHubsky's sandwich was tasty, but the grain mustard was a little much for me. The sandwich was packed with tasty veggies and tons of flavor. \n\nI saved room for the cinnamon roll, which apparently is a staple while the rest of the menu changes based on local availabilities. It looks small, but it packs a punch. \n\nThe thing with raw cuisine is that you can't have expectations. For instance, if you order a cinnamon bun and expect a warm doughy mess, you'll be disappointed. This is indescribable. No, I tried. I can't make it sound anything close to what it is. Just know, it is cinnamony and rolled up. \n\nSome other sample menu items include mango chili, watermelon gazpacho, zucchini hummus, banana ice cream, and orange cream pie with dark chocolate crust. \n\nHave I convinced you yet? Get off your butt and go!"""""""
i enjoy this place very much. not only is it convenient and close to home, but the food is pretty good. i especially like the walnut shrimp, sesame chicken, sesame beef. the only downside is this place is very small so i suggest that if you live near the area, i would just do take-out so you can enjoy eating it at home. i like the fact they place it in plastic to go containers that you can save and re-use. the delivery time is fast and they provide coupons with good deals. sometimes hole-in-the-wall places are the secret and this place is my go to place for quick, good chinese food. i go here at least once every two weeks.
"""Great view of the brewing equipment as you walk in - this is a true brewery that happens to have seating & televisions at the front entrance.  It has both a clean & upscale feel along with being in a \warehouse\"""" type place where all the beers are made.  \n\nAll of the beers were fresh and had a rather light & clean taste.  The pale lager seems to be suited for the Miller crowd, but for those who appreciate craft beer the other offerings are worth seeking out.  Hefe-weizen has a good banana component, Scottish has a pleasant toffee-caramel sweetness, and the pale ale is modestly hopped and very approachable.\n\nStaff was pleasant and the prices were reasonable for Tempe.  Multiple hi-resolution TV's are placed throughout the area for games and such.  \n\nGlad to see another brewery in Tempe again and I hope some of their beers will reach a pub near me in Glendale."""""""
I had Sunday Brunch here a couple of weeks ago and was anticipating a great meal. The first thing that struck me was that our group of 5 were the only people in the restaurant at noon on a Sunday. We were the only ones there when we arrived and the only ones there when we left. Surprising. The person serving us seemed to be pulling double duty. While I can't be sure of this, his frequent and lengthy absences had me suspicious that he was, in fact, cooking our meals. \n\nThat being said, the food was excellent. Eggs Benedict is the bellwether of all brunch meals for me, so that's what I ordered. The latte that I ordered was exceptional. At $5 a pop, I easily could have run up a $30+ bar tab on these alone. To keep costs under control, I made the switch to regular coffee, which was also excellent. \n\nAll in all, a great meal. My only disappointments were the lack of crowds and spotty service. Hopefully, some of you will read this and put Coup Des Tartes on your Sunday brunch rotation!
"""Shoes.  Shoes, betch. As the \Home of the Footstrike Analysis\"""", Tucson-based Performance Footwear shows it means business when it comes to finding the right running shoes for its customers.\n\nI bought some new shoes here the other day and figured they would have me try on some shoes and have me run around the store to see if it was the right fit.  But no, they had me get on a treadmill, roll up my black slacks to my knees (yeah, not so hot) and run while they video recorded it.  We reviewed it in slow-mo and determined the right shoe for my arch as she explained how the shoe cushioning could help correct my footstrike and protect my feet. \n\nIt's a small store, but they have nearly all brands represented (Asics, New Balance, Nike, Adidas, etc.).  The salewoman was very helpful, thorough and personable. They also offer 30 percent discount on clothing when you buy shoes.  Nice, eh?"""""""
Been here multiple times over the past few years--most recently yesterday for lunch with my family. To start, I'm bummed that the foccacia bread with tomatoes are now off the menu--what?! that was the BEST. I do a low-carb diet, and when I knew we were going to CPK, I saved my carb calories just for that! Bummer.\n\nHostess was nice--let me sit in our booth before the entire party arrived (crazy construction traffic on the 101--what?!).  Booth and silverware was clean....food was great, as usual.\n\nWe ordered a trio of salads---Miso, BBQ chicken, and Chinese Chicken Salad. Generous portions--I swear that half is almost the same size as the full! Our drinks never saw the bottom of the glasses---attentive waitress.\n\nBummer #2--I KNEW I had left my cell phone/case at the booth as soon as I drove away, and I went to check and they took my name and number and said they'd call if they found it. I KNOW I left it there, so after an hour I called back. Whoever I spoke with was kinda testy and rude--that pissed me off.\n\nAll ready to boycott this place for the rest of my being, at 904pm I got a phone call from a much-nicer manager, telling me they had scoured our booth finally and, voila, there appeared my belongings! I heart that nice man---and the boycott is now off.
This was my first encounter with Tapas and I have got to say, it was amazing!! My sister and I got the oppurtunity to attend the Yelp Elite Event held here, and we really enjoyed ourselves.\n\nIt's a FAAAR drive from my house (almost an hour!) but it was nice to have a change in scenary and pace. So we took my car out there and when we got there, we rode the elevator and were very impressed with their amazing decor. Swanky, fresh, and lusty... it was casual, chic and comfortable at the same time!\n\nWe were met with a very helpful staff who enjoyed seeing our reactions to all the great food! Maybe it was the entire pitcher of sangria I had to myself... but those were the BEST damned baby back ribs I have ever had! Sweet, spicy and falling off the bone! They were so succlent, I wanted to cry. I had a chance to talk with their head chef and complimented them on all the great food, the asparagus was devine as was the chorizo and potato dish! My favorite for the night! I guessed how it was made and wasn't told a THING! DAMNIT! (grrr!) I fell in love with the Spanish tortilla which is more like a frittata or really thick omlette. \n\nEvery dish was spot on and made me want to cry... or was that the entire pitcher of sangria again? I unno, but it was incredible and the back patio was amazing! Perfect for parties and out door dining. I would recommend this for anyone willing to travel to it's far north location.\n\nTo my yelpers: if this is far for you, like it's far for me... I still say GO! Give sitting indoors a try and tell me how it goes. Order the baby back ribs and chorizo potatos and be ready to beg the chef for the secret recipe like I did! Try the sangria, but don't drink the entire pitcher like I did... I wound up talking about Dominatrix Dungens in an Applebee's parking lot that night!! Not a pretty sight! :(
I had mini date night and we decided to come here on a whim. I mean it is close to my house so why not. Plus they have reverse happy hour and their boneless wings were on special in which they were half off all month with any drink purchase. Score. My friend decided that he wanted to try the Eclipse Burger challenge in which included 3 half pound angus patties, topped with 4 strips of bacon, cheddar and swiss cheese with crispy onions and a side of fries. If he finished it, he got a t-shirt and his picture placed on the wall. Well he finished it with no problem. He doesn't eat like that all the time and he said that he was full but not overly stuffed. Kudos to him. It looked amazing and I so wanted a bite, but alas he had to finish it all himself. Hmm maybe next time I will try. LOL ( NOT!)
This has become my standby for Mexican food in Phoenix. It's not authentic, but it is delicious.\n\nFirst, they start with fresh (still hot!) tortilla chips and six fresh-made salsas. They keep them all filled for you. Even if you're just getting drinks, you get the best chips and some of the best salsas ever.\n\nThe servers are unfailingly excellent. They're efficient, friendly, and sincerely interested in making sure you enjoy your meal. Head and shoulders above most service in the Valley. Also: They're ridiculously hot. It's the little details :-)\n\nThe food is standard American-style Mexican fare. Not a lot of options, but they do it well. All the meat is grilled. Just grilled. Not smothered in salt and seasonings. It's just delicious. The idea (I think) is that you can build your own flavor with the salsas they give you. \n\nAll the veggies are fresh. The cheese is real. Most everything seems to be assembled right before serving, so there's none of that mushy textureless stuff you get at most Mexican places. \n\nThe restaurant is immaculate every time I go in. No sticky tables, no crumbs in the seats. \n\nThis isn't white tablecloth dining, but for what it is, it's the best.
This is a terrific homewares store!  Great selections of many categories of merchandise.  It ain't cheap, but it's all *quality* stuff. \n\nMost of the people are knowledgeable & happily helpful.\n\nAlmost everything I've bought here is completely satisfying.  On a rare occasion I've taken something back -- they simply replaced it or refunded my money.  No big deal about it.\n\nWhenever I need something along their line, BB&B is where I go first.   Then I don't have to go anywhere else second.
Ordered a pork and chicken Siopao.  It is a steamed bun with meat in the middle.  I think you pronounce it Show-Pow... I THINK... anyway if you are expecting it to be freshly cooked you will be disappointed.  Other than that, it still was pretty tasty!  Be careful though, it comes out pretty hot and the interior is hotter.  I also had the iced house coffee which I liked, but I am not a coffee connoisseur, so I can't really compare to others, (except starbucks but I actually don't like starbucks).  They do have Boba, and I really recommend you give it a try.  For those who don't know what Boba is, Well its like a smoothie with these marble sized chewy balls at the bottom.  Its pretty refreshing on  a hot day.
Baiz Market is part Middle Eastern market, Lebanese cafe and pita bread factory. We found out about this little Middle-Eastern gem through a friend and headed over there for lunch. \n\nThe cafe serves everything from shawarma to tabouli along with authentic Middle Eastern refreshments. We had the chicken shawarma, tabbouleh and hummus. All were fantastic and reminded me of dinners with our Afghani friends. The The market carries a wide-selection of Middle Eastern and European foods along with fresh meats, vegetables and a bakery.\n\nBaiz is a little off the beaten path, so to speak, but worth the drive to find it and enjoy some wonderful Middle Eastern delights.
Love Windsor! Food is delicious, awesome beers and cocktails, and great service! I especially love the Happy Hour drink specials... only wish they went later than 5pm, but hey they are seven days a week which is a huge plus!\n\nI have had a few things there now and everything has been so good (both chicken sandwiches, burger, mac and cheese, pickled vegetables)! Went with a group of four last weekend and everyone loved their meals and awesome beer specials. It seems like an ideal day drinking spot.  If only I could day drink more often...
First of all, I would like to say that I have had some really authentic Dim Sum and I have had some really interesting Dim Sum. Both previous experiences were in places located off the west coast, one in Vancouver, British Columbia and the other in San Diego. That being said, this place was sweet and lived up to the high standards set before. If you go, take your appetite and try as many of those little plates as you can. If you are real lucky, try to get someone to tell you what you are ordering so you can eat again. :) \nIt was fairly not busy for a Friday afternoon, but i have hear Saturdays and Sundays this places gets busy. \nLet me know how you like it.
So the mixed reviews got me a little wary in going here, but I'm here to say that I'm glad I took a chance! The SO and I brought 3 kids, ages 9-15 here for dinner and while they are notoriously pick eaters, they seemed to enjoy themselves!  A big plus, was when I walked in the door and I saw a big table of business men in ties enjoying themselves. Always makes you think the place is going to be good! Haha.\n\nWe ordered the Italian Stallion pizza, chicken pesto lasagna, and the four cheese ravioli, along with an appetizer of calamari.\n\nCalamari- very salty, but good texture and not too chewy. Sauce that came with it was good.\n\nChicken pesto lasagna - Good, but not spectacular. The pasta layers were too chewy.\n\nFour cheese ravioli - Good. The cheese and sauce were really flavorful.\n\nItalian Stallion - Really good! I do have to say, that this pizza is very similar to Bianco's in style and flavor, yet came out faster and I didn't have to wait 3 hours to get into the restaurant. :)\n\nAll in all, a great dinner. Our service was good, with frequent water refills and I was able to be seated right away, even though my whole group was not there yet.  -1 star for not having real Italian soda (in a can) and leaving it open for a follow up review when I've tasted more pizza and salad and desserts.\n\nGlad to have been to old town Glendale for the first time, too!
Still haven't had the food here, but I did have an afternoon meeting at Scratch today and the service was attentive and the people that were in and out during the 2 hours I sat there seemed to enjoy their pastries and meals...\n\nI came home with a few bags of cookies and my brother and I had them for dessert tonight... they were delicious.  We both especially liked the jasmine flavor.  If nothing else, go to admire how pretty the pastries are and how cute the space is!
"""My g/f picked this place to go for lunch otherwise I never would have had it on my radar.  I also wouldn't have thought of an \egg place\"""" for lunch. They have an extensive menu with traditional \""""egg\"""" dishes like scrambles, omlettes, crepes but they also have salads and sandwiches and they also have a \""""Healthy\"""" section on their menu.  I decided to go with the Spanish Omelette.  I wish I would have asked for no sour cream and a side of pico but, other than that, it was delicious.  It came iwth a slice of wheat toast and nstead of potatoes I chose the fresh fruit.  Very flavorful and filling.  The service was also very friendly and prompt.  I will go back."""""""
Maybe I'm just a super positive person, buuuut I really liked the food we ordered from this Sonic :) \n\nI'm a visitor from California and Yes I saw those random Sonic commercials on san diego tv and was dumbfounded at Sonic's actual existence...but now I'm a Sonic believer.  Our sonic burgers were juicy, the new York and Chicago dogs tasted close to its origin, and the drinks were oh so refreshing after working hard on wedding decorations in the hot Arizona sun :P (helped my best friend with her outside Arizona wedding ). By the way, getting food delivered to your car VIA rollerskates was soooo cool to see!!!!!  I'd come back here again and again :)
Finally a bar where I don't feel out of place! \nLots of different mixes of people, not full of loud frat boys, very dim lighting, cheap!\nThe bartenders didn't give a sh** like everyone has been saying, but I LIKE it. They aren't putting on any fake masks, just being themselves; which are super tough women. You gotta be that way based on the clientele present before all the young kids come in. \nSuper cool place where you can be part of the crowd or just chat with a friend or two.
I'm clearly more of a Food City consumer than an AJ's gal, but this place succeeds in making me feel like I not only can, but should splurge on a five dollar loaf of bread to go with the homemade soup I just whipped up for pennies. I can deal with the prices because this place is perfect for the occasional uber-specialty ingredients that I can't get anywhere else. Edible flowers for crystallizing, espresso powder for my meat rubs, fancy pants mushrooms, high quality chocolate, duck fat, mangosteens outside of an Asian grocer, the works. \n\nIt's also really great for picking up a couple of super fancy high end shots of liquor in the airplane bottles. Perfect for a cheapazoid like me that wants the occasional dash of St. Germain or Chambord but sure as hell isn't going to buy the whole bottle!\n\nI've never encountered any sass here from any of the staff either, even when I show up looking like a barely thrown together trash person.
My wife and I were having a lousy day and we needed somewhere to eat. We happened to drive past Stax and decided to give it a try. Once we sat down, our moods immediately improved. Our waiter was friendly, funny and attentive, without being overbearing or annoying. I was happy to see a decent selection of beers with a healthy dose of local brews. I immediately ordered an Oak Creek Nut Brown.\n\nOur waiter quickly brought our drinks and glasses of water with cucumber slices. The cucumber added a nice cooling touch on a hot summer day.\n\nWe ordered the sweet potato fries and I ordered a seafood burger, which on that particular day was shrimp. The sweet potato fries were excellent, fried just right and lightly seasoned with kosher salt. Even without the homemade ketchup, the fries were a delight.\n\nMy burger was tasty, with the shrimp lightly breaded and seasoned with a kicky teriyaki sauce and served on the bun with lettuce and thin strips of carrots. Also, the bun was very soft and tasty.\n\nThe only issue with Stax is the price. The burgers are more like tapas, in that they're small (3 oz). But, each burger ranges from $4 to $7, depending on the type of meat. A hungry person could easily eat three burgers, so plan to spend a decent amount of money if you want a large meal here.\n\nOverall, a fun place to grab a lighter bite to eat.
So this isn't the fanciest place around, but you can't find a better place for the money. We paid about $50 a night for the junior king suite with the kitchenette. You can't beat free booze every day from 5:00 - 6:30...the only limit being that you can only order 2 drinks for yourself at a time. Then of course there is free breakfast every morning from 6:00 - 10:00. And it's not just a continental breakfast like most places...there is a menu of about 7 different options including pancakes, french toast, the american breakfast (eggs, hashbrowns, toast, bacon or sausage or ham), plus others...and free coffee and juice. The restaurant is also connected to a bar which has a pool table, some games, a jukebox and cheap drinks. \n\nThe rooms were clean but did have a bit of a musty smell when you first walked in and the staff was very nice. If you eat at the italian restaurant directly across the street you get 10% off your bill for being a guest at the hotel. \n\nWe will definintely stay here again if we come back out to Arizona!
We haven't eaten here, but the food coming out looked really good. This is a 2-part venue. The first is a wrap-around restaurant/bar that showcases open mic and smaller bands. The second entrance is the actual big venue. If there is a cover, you would pay it here and proceed through the red velvet curtains into a huge room that reminds me of an old-fashioned supper club. There is a stage, a dance floor and 2 layers of tables and booths laid out in a half-moon shape. There isn't a bad seat in the house. The blues and jazz music is great! There is a little outside bar you can sit at and watch the music. It only has 5 bar stools though. There is a larger patio right behind it where you can have a cocktail, drink and a cigar and listen to the live music. Tip - not only check their website, but also give them a call. We have shown up for music and they wasn't any. Great sound, great music and great service.
A bunch of us were drinking at Duke's and we wanted some food. It was after 1:00AM so our choices were slim and we needed something walking distance since we had walked to the bars. My friend found this place on Yelp and we decided to go since they had pretty good reviews and they were open until 2. \n\nWe got there around 1:30 and only the drive through was open. They let us walk through the drive in anyway. Some places wont let you do that. The staff was very friendly and funny. They messed around with the rest of our friends who were ordering while we were at the window paying. They have a small outdoor patio open where we ate so we didn't have to walk and eat or take our food home. \n\nOur expectations for the food wasn't high and thought it'd be like Filiberto's. However, we were pleasantly surprised. My boyfriend and I both got the chicken tacos. The chicken was very flavorful and juicy. I wasn't a huge fan of the hardshell. I prefer hardshell tacos but it just didn't have any flavor. \n\nOverall, we had a great experience and if we're ever in need of food at 1 in the morning we'll be back if we're nearby. Otherwise, not sure if I would come here when there are other restaurants opened.
Stopped by the other evening with Chrissy P. and Andrew K. after hiking North Mountain, at this point we were ready for a refreshing beverage and something to eat. We chose to sit on the patio since it was such a pleasant evening. \n\nTurned out that on Monday's Corbin's special is happy hour menu and pricing is available all night! *Bonus* \n\nI sampled the Sesame Crusted Seared Tuna - tasty and delicious with a great combination of flavors and textures. I am looking forward to return visits to sample other menu items.
We've been eating here for over 20 years...usually come in once a year when my wife and I take my parents to dinner for their birthdays.  Everything I have ever tried here is good.  The steaks are execellent, the fish fry is out of this world.  This last time I had a chimichange...what was I thinking???  However, I was not disappointed.  Their chimi was fantastic and was better than a lot of the Mexican places in the valley.  Definitely worth checking out!
"""Our most recent visit to the Scottsdale area led to our first visit to the Phoenix Art Museum on a Wednesday afternoon. Here is what we learned from this visit - the museum is a great one but avoid Wednesday afternoons after 3:00 p.m. as entry is free at that time and the crowds increase. \n\nFortunately we entered about 2:00 so had a chance to see the incredible Ansel Adams exhibit before the crowds started to gather there.  Then we went on to browse through the rest of the museum to see the other collections and exhibits as well as stroll through the outdoor sculpture garden. \n\nA woman who was a regular visitor to the museum gave us a tip that we'll pass along here. She said \Don't miss the fireflies.\"""" What she meant was to be sure to see the experiential art installation by a Japanese artist on the second floor of the South (?) Gallery. Tucked into a back corner of that floor, we think the installation is roughly titled \""""For those who would be consumed by the fireflies.\"""" \n\nThe artist has arranged hanging, colored LED lights in a completely dark room that is surrounded with mirrors. The light level ebbs and flows as do the color patterns. The challenge is to make one's way through the exhibit from the entry to the exit but also to be able to enjoy the silence and colors and experience of the light. \n\nThere is something in the experience that we thought was a pretty good metaphor for life in general, if one thinks about it. \n\nWe noted on the first pass through that we were both intrigued by the light show but a little fearful about how dark the room was, and how difficult it was to see a path forward. We used as grounding the light we could see in the doorway behind us as we could not see the light through the exit ahead and we weren't at all sure there was going to be a safe exit. There were other people in the room and while we couldn't see each other we could hear each other and there were whispered exchanges, \""""Do you know the way out of here? Isn't it beautiful?\"""" and so on. \n\nThe second time through we were better able to just marvel at the shifting light patterns as we knew there was a path through. This time we also were more aware of the others who entered the room and that some people stood at the door and said to their companions, \""""I'm NOT going in there. I'll wait for you out here.\"""" \n\nMaybe it was that we were in an art Museum that made us connect this experience as life experience metaphor.  Maybe it says something about us specifically that we found it harder to to find the exit the second time. :-) Regardless, if you're at the museum, go see this!\n\nOne last thought about this particular art installation is that we calculated the age of the artist, a woman born in 1939, to be in her 70's.  Use of technology and creativity has no age boundary."""""""
"""Zoes is apparently very disliked by the I'm-too-edgy-for-Phoenix-but-can't-cut-it-in-LA hipster \gourmand\"""" crowd. I prefer their salad dressing to Newman's, though, and that chocolate cake is a damned mouthgasm. The limeade is good too although I'm sure every sip brings me closer to diabeetus.\n\nIt's essentially fast food (what's the Greek equivalent to 'gringo'?) but I've never had a bad bite there. I ordered the protein plate in my Atkins days and now typically the Greek salad, which comes just as I like it, with absurd amounts of feta cheese. The potato salad is made with their dressing which I prefer to the standard gloppy mayo-soaked crap."""""""
My husband and I are considering moving to Gilbert, so we were out scouting the area and decided to refer to Yelp for breakfast. While the line at Farmhouse (next door) was out the door and I was tempted to try it, the reviewers of Liberty Market did me no wrong. \n\nI had the Western Scramble and it was the perfect portions with a punch of flavor. Breakfast potatos = more please (i have a thing for potatos). I also had a sticky bun, which was HUGE but the sticky frosting was moist and tasty. Between the 2 of us, we couldn't finish the 1 sticky bun, as much as we wanted to. \n\nThe people here were all really friendly, from the counter and wait staff to the very diners enjoying their breakfasts. If I move to Gilbert, I could see myself here every weekend.
My go-to place for a cheap and tasty pho and love their crispy spring rolls! I come here because of the value, quick service and because I'm a fan of dives, albeit they've spruced up their decor which is totally fine with me! Still love this place all the same! My kids love to come here too and we order pretty much the same things at every visit - spring rolls, pho tai, bun bo hue, sweet & sour pork chops (ketchupy, but kids like it), crispy chicken. Because 2 of my boys are teenagers, they are starting to get their own meals like the rice dishes with either bbq shrimp or beef. For the 6 of us we usually spend about $35 to $40 - spectacular for our wallets! We'll keep coming here forever.
I am finally compelled to write a review because I have frequented this establishment on more than a few occasions and for multiple purposes - hunger, thirst, and the need for a busy scene with a good dose of hipsters. \n\nTo eat: The food is ok, but I would never bring out-of-town guests here for dinner to impress. Would definitely recommend coming here after dinner or for a nice, fried drunken snack. To drink: The beer selection is decent, the wine isn't awesome but cheap, and the rest will get the job done if you are willing to wait at the bar.\n\nReally, I come here for the scene. It's busy - lots of different people walking around. You can mingle with strangers or have a private conversation amidst the busy, drunken, smoky scene. Sitting outside makes it the great bar that it is, especially with the heaters on during the colder months. The waitstaff is super chill, considering the kind of banter and shenanigans they have to deal with. Overall, this is one of the cooler bars in Tempe and I'd go here over any Mill bar any day.
This is a similar restaurant to Moe's and Chipotle.  I would say they are all interchangeable. Although I like the salsa bar that Moe's has and the others don't.  They have Shredded Pork (Carnitas)  which is always a plus for me.  The first time I had the pork it was great, the second time it was mushy, but very edible either way.  I would stay away from the steak, I found it rubbery.\nThey have excellent Guacamole and Queso dip and chips.\n\nEDIT: 10/17/2008\n\nI went back the other day and had the Mexican Gumbo.  This dish alone moved them up to a 4 star from a 3 for me.  It's pretty fantastic and a very different menu item from the other quick burrito places.  If you want something like chili but a little lighter I highly recommend it.
I'm a self proclaimed hot dog lover and if you are too Nogales is the place for you.  I've never had a sonoran hot dog before, so I have to admit I have nothing to compare to.  But, WOW I am now a fan.  Who would think mayonnaise and bacon on a hot dog sounds good, maybe that's the reason it took me 2 years of living in AZ before I ventured out to try one of  these local favorites.  The price $2.75 is great and talk about the toppings to choose from- onions, tomatoes, mushrooms, cojita cheese, cheddar cheese, guacamole, salsa verde, and mayonnaise all on top of that yummy bacon wrapped grilled hot dog.  My only regret is that I didn't order 2.  \nI've found since my first trip there I've been looking for reasons to be at Keyboard City at 6pm.  \nDefinetly a must try for the hot dog lover or that foodie who's looking for something new to try.  Check out the picture and I dare you not to run to your car to get yourself one tonight.
I've been going to Lilo's since it first opened late in 2007. This place is great. The prices are very reasonable. The owner, Amy and her staff are just awesome and friendly people. The coffee and tea are always great. It's a great little neighborhood place and a welcome escape from the millions of Starbucks in the area. \nAmy and her staff are always very accomodating. One day I asked for lemon in my iced tea and they didn't have any, but the next day they had lemon slices waiting. They will usual try and accomdate your request.
"""Abuelo's bills itself as an Embassy of Mexican Food, and the posh decor certainly sets the stage. Picture this: shopping in Caesar's Palace with recessed fluorescent lighting trimming a domed ceiling, Dia De Los Muertos and Latin artistic touches in the plentiful paintings (including a pairs shot of Frida Kahlo and Alejandro G\u00f3mez Arias), many well-appointed nooks for dining with relative separation from the din, and hints of rural Spanish cathedrals.\n\nOnly a verbose description properly corrals the elements of this experience - a feast for the eyes. That is only matched by the feast found on their menu. I position my rating by saying that the food is slightly more traditional, with less focus on fusion combos and more on the individual flavors of key ingredients. I recommend the layered dip, with seasoned ground beef, melted queso, guac, sour cream and peppers. A lovely starter that is easily shared by two. And the complementary salsa is above average, with a well-thought-out single serving bowl per person.\n\nThe Green Chile Stew (while John, our server, raved about it) was ok. I love spice; however, the black pepper overpowered the green chiles. The beef was tender but sinewy at points; and the potatoes seemed an afterthought, having not fully absorbed the flavor of the sauce. I wanted to try the Cilantro Lime (chicken with pozole), but it was not available on that visit.\n\nAlso, the Espinaca Casserole had some great spinach but only one piece of mushroom and no noticeable peppers, as promised on the menu. Oddly, it included corn, which was not mentioned. Won't venture there again.\n\nMy dinner companion had the \linebacker's meal,\"""" as she called it (saving the leftovers for her hubby). It was the well-priced $14.95 Monterrey, with sour cream chicken enchilada, avocado enchilada, spinach enchilada, chicken ranchera enchilada, cheese chile relleno, crispy chicken taco and guacamole. The plate was scorching and the selection was amazing; something worth testing with a friend. She said it was all good but not terribly memorable.\n\nHighlight of the trip was the service. I would have likely come back to try other selections, like some of the seafood dishes and margaritas; still, the hospitality, the attentiveness, the genuine listening skills and the efficiency will definitely make this a repeat venue.\n\nSo, be sure to sample a sampler and take a leisurely walk around the restaurant to acquaint yourself with the art, statues and murals. Tell Frida, I said \""""hi.\"""""""""""
My fiance's parents were in town from Pennsylvania, and I thought this would be a fun place for dinner. Yes, it's a bit touristy - but the food was delicous and there was great live music. I was also impressed by their beers on tap - they even had one that was made in house that we really liked. If you're looking for a fun, out of the ordinary, night out - this is your place! It's more fun if you get into character - so be sure to wear your boots and cowboy hat!
I took my family to dinner here last night and had a good night. They actually had a kids meal, which surprised me because I don't believe the one in Scottsdale had one. My son ordered the same meal that I did but a miniature version(short rib). It's about $13 for a kid's meal. They get to take their cup home which is a small pineapple cup. There was a bit of a wait for our food so the server's brought each of my kids a quesadilla plate which was nice. I wish that my short rib was just a little more tender. But my husband's filet was great! My daughter had chicken strips were okay. The server was very nice, but the bus boy seemed to be irritated that night.  Otherwise, it was a nice night with good food.
Solid food and very good breakfast burritos.  The sausage and egg with Green sauce does it for me every Sunday.  Quality is always the same and the place seems clean and is very well run.  Everything is made to order and I have never had bad food there.\n\nThis place is best for take out or a quick meal but do not expect any atmosphere.  It is more cafeteria style feel for a quick in and out.  \n\nThe drinks/juice they have there is not to my liking.  They are overly sweet for my taste and even my kids.  That is about the only thing I would stay away from.\n\nGo for the food and you will be happy!
Now I am a HUGE FAN of PHX Public Market on Saturdays but on this Saturday I was headed into Scottsdale for some shopping and decided to stop in to check out their market to see how it compared to PHX.  \n\nMany of the vendors are the same at both markets.  But there were a few different ones.  I have to say that PHX is still my favorite.  More cozy and I don't feel under dressed if I am not in designer lables.  Good thing I had my Prada bag that day, it gave me a bit more Scottsdale street cred' while wandering the market.  \n\nOverall I am always a fan of venues, markets and opportunities to be intoduced to new businesses and good local food.  \n\nDefinitely a great way to spend a Saturday morning.
The food here is awesome, but definitely be prepared for the host to be kind of gruff with you. However, he wasn't pushy about the specials. \nAs suggested, the hummus with meat and pine is hummus with beef and pine nuts and was a great appetizer. \nWe tried both the lentil and the tomato soup. The lentil was good, but the tomato was creamy, had basil and was my favorite of the two. We also tried the falafel as well as the gyros plate. Both were very good and very reasonably priced. Byblos is definitely getting added to the restaurant rotation.
"""(aka. SKETCHY TEMPE with BONNIE G, Part One of Three)\n\nI was in Tempe. I was having coffee. I was sedate. I wanted to see if anyone wanted join me and discuss Kafka or something boring. And so I called up the town's most famous resident to see what was goin' down.\n\n\Um, YOU need to see sketchy Tempe. It is time. And I will be the one who will show it to you. Meet me at Time Out Lounge. No, wait. Meet me at Monkey Pants. Yes, Monkey Pants!\""""\n\nAnd so I did. \n\nMonkey Pants! Sorry folks, but this name is nonsensically awesome. I walked in and sat myself at the round bar, joining a smattering of other patrons sitting there by themselves, each staring into nowhere in particular. Well drinks for $2.50, served in a standard kitchen glass. Nice! I proceeded to watch the football game and was soon joined by my Tempe tour guide.\n\nWe were approached by the bartender to do discounted Patron shots....but only if we wore sombreros. There was barely anyone here on a Sunday night, and I'm of the kind who doesn't care anyway, and the thought of me and Bonnie G sitting at a desolate stripmall bar with sombreros on is kind of ridiculous and great at the same time, but shots were not on my agenda for the night. Alas.\n\nI then got a royal tour of the place, including the great leg lamp (actually it's two legs, not just one!), shuffleboard, pool tables, couches with a cozy fire being played on endless loop on a big screen TV, ample board games and another section with tables and chairs, which is where we sat, under the painting of the teddy bear in Richard Simmons gear. \n\nOther patrons were seated all over the large space, so everyone had their own private area in a way. I actually really dug this. I'm not one who needs a place to be crowded to enjoy myself or feel like \""""it's happening.\"""" Sitting around a fake fire with pints and board games with a few friends is more my speed these days anyway. So I may sound decrepit, but I'm really not that old. I swear.\n\nSure, Monkey Pants has frat-party gimmicks throughout the day, but this place has no pretense whatsoever. How can you even take it seriously? Even it doesn't take itself seriously. \n\nI mean, it's just sitting there. In a strip mall. In Tempe. With a painting of a teddy bear wearing Richard Simmons workout gear on the wall and a stack of sombreros sitting next to a popcorn machine. Waiting for you to leave your critical mind behind and enjoy the now.\n\nAnd enjoy the now we did. \n\nAll thanks to my Sketchy Tempe tour guide.\n\n4 stars.\n\n(end of Part One)"""""""
Not much has changed with this historic (est. 1946) music store located in downtown Mesa. They have a very large showroom floor with just about every music instrument you can imagine- from guitars, amps, drums/percussion to trumpets, and saxophones. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and friendly, so feel free to ask them just about anything they sell. You'd be surprised how much they know about their products.\n\nFor drummers, you can expect classic Ludwig, Gretsch, and DW kits with a multitude of individual pieces for sale. The store also has a really nice selection of percussion instruments to complete your collection. You can enter from the front (Main St.) or rear but know that there's a huge (free) parking lot in the back of the store. It's the best strategy to get in and out quickly.
I'm a fan of Chompies!  I usually eat at the one in the Mall but when I'm on his side of town I always seem to find a reason to stop by B^)\n\nI've never had a bad experience at Chompies!  They are very consistent with how they serve their food and their service!\n\nFood~ It's a strong 3 stars for me!  I prefer their sliders ~ pastrami is good and their matzah ball soup, potato latkes are also good as well.  \nService~ It's always exceptional!  Everyone's very attentive and eager to help you find whatever deli item, your craving!  5 stars\nPastries~ Total 4-5 stars!! They have some amazing pastries, cookies, cakes you name it ~ they make it!!\n\nWhether you have time to eat or not, I will always find a reason to stop by to eat in or pick up something to go because they are very good and consistent at what they cook and serve!! \n\nI hope to see you there!
I don't like rock and roll, and I don't like a plate full of fried food... but this place was pretty awesome.  The options for anything other than fried chicken is very limited, but we decided to just get four specials.  A plate full of fries and fried chicken breast strips, plus sauces.  \n\nI loved the house special sauce.  Couldn't put my finger on exactly what it was.  Thai Basil sauce was okay, the rest were typical and nothing special.  Fries were fine.  The place was spotless, and the guy working was really friendly.  He thanked us a few separate times, and seemed sincere.
I really love AJ's but the prices are HIGH and while the quality is high there are other places in town that one could get equal quality for equal or lower prices with more options.  The thing that I really do not like about this place is it's location. It is cool because it is near TJ's but it is just in a stupid part of town, unless you live there.  If you need to do any additional grocery shopping, it is a nice trip to the nearest grocery store. I also like it because it is a local chain- OH and covered parking\n\nWhat I get:\nTwice Baked Potato\nStakes\nStuffed jalape\u00f1os wrapped in bacon\nBaked potato salad\nsmoked salmon rolls\ndeserts form desert bar
Escape to France on Mondays for $30\n\nSixteen guests seated at a long table across from each other\n\nFamily style meal with more than enough for all\n\nWine pairings from different parts of France\n\nTonight was Oysters on the half shell from WA (2 each), Heirloom tomatoes with basil and olive oil (three large platters), Whole roasted red snapper (three large platters with very large fish), Ratatouille (three kettles), Date and nut condiment with cheese (two large platters), Blueberry pie with truffle-honey gelato (three large platters)\n\nHurry up with local newspaper ad last week reservations are filling fast for the remaining dates in Aug and Sep...
We just moved to Phoenix from Florida, and we love shopping at grocery stores. The stores here are different, so we decided to drop in to see what this store had in it. A local friend had told me that this was the lower-end grocery store in the area, but BOY was she wrong! We fell in love with this place, and sometimes just stop in for a bite to eat at their cafe. They have a HUGE selection of delicious meats and a vast array of beautiful chilles. The vegetables and fruits and very fresh and delicious! We are Mexican food lovers, so this is a heaven for us. You can watch the ladies make homemade tortillas when you first walk in, and the freshly made tortilla chips are perfect! You will never buy name brand torilla chips again after tasting theirs. The prices for food are affordable. Don't let any stigma you hear of this place keep you away. One of the many reasons that we are happy to have moved to the area!
Wow, what an amazing pizza!\n\nI give this place five stars for the pizza, itself. The Chicken Pesto Pizza was loaded with moist chunks of chicken breast smothered in a generous portion of pesto (pictured.) The crust was thin, yet, chewy, not crusty or dry. Yum!\n\nThe two flavors of Bruschetta (pictured) were fine, but nothing to write home about. It's not to be compared to that of a few other CenPho dining spots.\n\nThe salad (pictured) had a lovely presentation, but I didn't care for it. I'm not sure if it was the greens or the dressing, but it tasted a bit bitter to me.\n\nUnlike some other reviews I read here, i had no issue with the service.\n\nIf it weren't for the salad and bruschetta, I'd have given Humble Pie five stars!
One thing I miss about Southern California is the frozen yogurt shops they have on seemingly every corner.\n\nHaving been to tons froyo places in my time, I'd say that Aloha Yogurt is certainly one of my favorites.\n\nThe shop is always clean, stocks fresh ingredients, and the staff is nice.\n\nThe flavors are pretty routine, but they throw in a Frosted Animal Cookie flavor that I'd never had before... and its taste is spot-on.\n\nI also like the deals they have:\n--Check-in on Foursquare for 20% off\n--BOGO Free on Thursday\n--Double punch card Tuesday
While in town, I stopped at Gentleman Joe's for a shave, and I'm glad I did. Estoban placed the cape, reclined the chair, and placed two hot, moist towels on my face. He then liberally applied shaving cream, another hot towel, then more shaving cream. He carefully conducted a very close shave, provided a facial (think massage for the face), and finished with a cool towel. To conclude the relaxation, Estoban used a vibrating glove on the head, neck, and shoulders.  Overall, it was very relaxing, a close shave, and fun. I certainly recommend this shop!
This is a big, fun place to visit. Prices are just OK unless its a sale item. (I get most of my musical gear from E Bay). They have lots of guitars, but not too many, or any, used and/or vintage guitars, which is what I look for. They carry other band, string, and symphony instruments that other music stores don't carry. Every department is BIG- Pro audio, home recording, guitars, etc. Nice employees as well, unlike some Guitar Center Dudes that think they are Rock Stars!
Some colleagues invited me for lunch the other day and decided to pick this place.  It was my first visit.  After browsing the menu for a few minutes, I decided to order the California Wrap (Spinach, Tomatoes, Avocado, Feta Cheese, Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing, Tomato Basil Tortilla, $8.95) with a side of Cole Slaw & Iced Tea.\n\nI took one bite out of the California Wrap and was in Heaven!!!  The sweet flavor of Sun-Dried Tomato Vinaigrette Dressing was a perfect compliment to the Feta Cheese & Avocado....the Cole Slaw was amazing too!  What a great combo!\n\nThe only knock on this experience is that the service was kind of slow.  We had to constantly look for our waiter....to order.....to ask for extra napkins.....to get refills....to get our check.  Maybe we caught him on a bad day?  Because I enjoyed my meal so much, I'll give him the benefit of the doubt.\n\nReturn Factor - 92%
I took a co-worker to Durants last Saturday night. This was probably my 40th visit over the last 20 years and it was the first for my guest. As usual, the food and service were top notch. Durants always get the steak temperature perfect. The garlic mashed was hot and tasty. The bread is always a highlight and the homemade salad dressings are the best in town.\n\nWhen you eat in the bar so you get skewered meats and cheese with your cocktails. I think that is great touch and its unique.\n\nThe bar had no IPA. They need to join the 21st century and stock some microbrews!!! Also the prices are approaching the limits of what I will pay for a great meal, but Durants is still tops in my book.
"""I was very excited to discover this new coffee shop last Saturday!  A friend had suggested meeting there, and I mistakenly assumed it would be nested into the strip mall (in typical Phoenix fashion).  Instead, I was surprised to find this stand-alone structure in the parking lot of the NW corner of 32nd St. and Shea.  \n\nYou can tell just by pulling up that this place is cool:  contemporary and fun signage, an intimate little patio, and bowls of water set out for dogs to enjoy.  Further indoor signals of this place's cool factor and unique character:  coffee drinks with Nutella (file that under \why didn't I think of that??\""""), a fantastic music playlist that reminded me of the Garden State soundtrack, day-old scones discounted to 50-cents each (love how unpretentious that felt), and boxes of matzoh displayed on top of the espresso machine (when I inquired about what they use the matzoh with, she explained that it was Passover so she thought her Jewish customers might enjoy the matzoh options for sandwiches -- so fun and sweet!).\n\nMy iced coffee was fantastic, and I definitely intend to come back and explore their \""""Wichcraft,\"""" AKA, Sandwich, menu.  The description of the OMG sandwich will be enough to get me to come back -- fig, marscapone and prosciutto!\n\nOverall, this independent little shop has potential written all over it, and I can't wait to increase my cool factor by adding it into my portfolio.  Watch out, Luci's Marketplace -- you have some new competition!"""""""
I want to say this, I've left Phoenix and since moved. The owners of the liberty market wanted me to come back and they would buy me dinner or whatever would make me happy. They didn't do this to buy my review they did it to correct an error. As a owner of past company I respect the effort that they wanted to do this and I'm changing this to 4 stars for the effort alone. \n\nYes people they do care about their customers.
Went today for lunch with a friend. I started off with the Krombacher Pils. She had..... a different beer. I had the solo burger. She had the Pig Mac. Both burgers were excellent. My bun was a little unsupportive. Burger buns need to have some substance to them so they don't fall apart, which this one did. A double would have been a disaster. We also split an order of fries and they were well done to perfect tubes of goodness. However just as another reviewer mentioned, they are short fries. Maybe an inch long. And then they want you to dip them. Hmmm. \n\nParking is ok. You either have to pull into the driveway just before it or use the Needlepoint store lot down the street and walk around the corner. It felt a little warm inside. Not sure if the AC was working properly. It's a small place (both sides) and not a lot of seating. KInd of cramped quarters.\n\nOur server was awesome. He mentioned that they hired 50 people to start off with and now they are down to the staff that know their product and will be focused on customer service. Good. \n\nOne thing that impressed me was that they offer a service that no one else does.(that I know of anyway) If you have had one too many beers you can hire a cab. It is $20 and two people arrive. One to drive you and one to drive your car to your house. Why hasn't anyone thought of this before? \n\nThe reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because of the seating. I'm a short person. Trying to hike myself up onto the high stools isn't easy or ladylike and the only low tables and chairs are outside. In the heat. In Arizona. In the summer. I'm looking forward to trying out the beer garden once it cools off. \n\nLastly I did take several pretzels home. Just baked and right from the oven. I was pleased with their size and consistency. They were legit. \n\nNext I will go back with my husband and son and try some other goodies- especially the nutella shake! Oh. Yes.\n\nI'll let you know how it goes.
I recently ate here again. The food was delivered prior to the promised LONG wait, and it was HOT and fresh. I have now become a devout fan of this little Chinese takeout place! My dinner guest was equally as impressed with all of the food. I will say that I thought that the sweet and sour was a little dry, but everything else was delicious. We were impressed that they didn't shirk on the shrimp and the shrimp were large and delicious! Is it gourmet and to be served on white linen? No. It's Chinese takeout that you eat in your sweats in front of the TV. \n \nJust wanted to show Chen and Wok some love with another star!
"""mmm, this is chain mexican food that I will eat when I am sober...  That is saying enough if you ask me!\n\nok ok ok, Senor Taco is muy delicioso.  It is real similar to say a Filiberto's but super clean and efficient.  Similar salsa bar setup with the weird jalapeno and carrot mixture that when you ask what it is called they tell you, \Jalapenos and Carrots?\""""\n\nCarne Asada is the bomb and I enjoy their California burrito.  Think all the unhealthy things you can put in a burrito... Sour cream, guacamole, potatoes, beans... yum.  \n\nBiggest downfall is the measly six chips they give you with your meal.  I am sure you could probably get some more if you wanted them though since they are always super nice.\n\nThe salsa are aight.\n\nOh an the 10% student discount they give me when I wear my nerdy name badge... ohhh yeah.\n\nGo there and enjoy some chain mexican food.\n\nYou know you want to!"""""""
This place is fantastic for vegans! Phoenix does not have a ton of breakfast options for vegans and it is so nice to discover a new place. They have 5 options for vegan breakfast, and also vegan pancakes which were not advertised but apparently there. They seem to know what they are doing as well, all the vegan meals come out on different color plates then non-vegan meals, which is somehow comforting. The staff was very friendly and totally accommodating. The place is cute, more cafeteria style and laid back which is perfect for a morning breakfast. Sitting outdoors was great, there is a beautiful view of the mountains. Overall, I would say this is a new Phoenix favorite for me!
4 Stars for beer only 2 for their food. One of the best micro brews I have ever had was here. It was a cask conditioned IPA that was just incredible. It is great that they offer a cask conditioned beer and a rotating seasonal beer along with the wide selection of standard brews. Prices are on par for a micro brew $4-5 per pint. \n\nMy dinners here have been fine but nothing special just common bar and grill food. The Nachos were decent but cheese on chips can't be bad. the selection is a bit uninspired in the food department. Burgers,  sandwiches, pizzas, salads and the usual fried appetizers.\n\nI will be going back again and again for their great beer.
Jade Bar is a good reason to go to the gorgeous Sanctuary Resort. It's beautiful to walk the ground and see the view. One day I'll go to Elements for a special occasion or when I'm rich enough to go there for no reason at all :)\n\nI wanted to take my bf to a nice, unique, romantic place for some drinks and apps for his birthday. I heard the bar was small so tried to get there fairly early and lucked out getting a table. We had a couple drinks and also got the Calamari and the Market Greens. These things are usually pretty ordinary, but this is Chef Beau Mac's world, so just the sauce with the calamari made it a calamari in its own league. Even the salad was damn tasty. \n\nIt was a good experience, again looking forward to really get a taste of Chef Beau at Elements. At Jade Bar: 2 beers, 1 glass of wine, calamari, market greens =$50 plus tip. Perhaps we shoulda ordered an entree to split :)\n\nSome things are worth the cost. We'll be back. \n\nOh, and another reviewer's comment that everyone is over 40 in there...TRUE.
We had a fun time with our party of seven on a Friday evening. I really like the high beam rafters, the blue earth tone colors throughout, the cute hostess dresses and the striped shirts that the wait staff wears.\n\nWe had a blood orange margarita, pomegranate margarita and fresh chips w/tasty guacamole & salsa. I would opt for the blood orange margie- refreshing, zesty with a bitter sweet flavor. We had multiple bartenders, all very friendly & engaging.\n\nFor dinner we moved from the bar, to an outside table.  Paul our accommodating waiter, did a nice job of taking us through a delicious dinner. We all had various sea food items and loved it.\n\nThis is a great addition to the Scottsdale dining scene with terrific people watching.\n\nMuy bien Blanco!
"""Over the last three months, I've ordered: Kung Pao Chicken, Mu Shoo Pork, Shrimp in Lobster Sauce, Won Ton Soup, General Tsao's Chicken, Spare Ribs, Egg Foo Yung, Pork Lo Mein, House Fried Rice, Pot Stickers Crab Puffs, Pu Pu Platter and EggRolls. I have yet to hit a clunker.\n\nIf you like REALLY hot mustard (Pot Stickers & Egg Rolls demand hot mustard), ask for the \House Mustard\"""" not the mustard packets. Yum!!\n\nBeing a native New Yorker and learning to like chinese cuisine in NYC's Chinatown and spending my college years eating in Boston's Chinatown, I'd say the food here wouldn't be out of place in either of those settings. My order has always been freshly prepared and hot.\n\nThe owner takes pride in his work and takes credit cards. The food is excellent and reasonably priced. They deliver. What more can a bachelor ask for?"""""""
This place is loud, obnoxious, and always crowded but that's good for us. We have two toddlers (who we try to teach good manners to) so if one has a meltdown it's not a big deal in this loud restaurant. They will bring out a free basket of fries and have balloons which keeps the kids happy. Sometimes you need a place for kids but you don't want to sacrifice the food. Red Robin is perfect for this! Their milkshakes, burgers, and salads are ALL extremely tastey. Their kids items are big enough for my girls to comfortably share as well. Highly reccomended for loud families!!\n\nAlso the service has never been bad but hasn't been awesome either. We keep going back for the food though. Yum!
so we finally stopped in for breakfast.... I say finally because we drive by this lace at least three times a week.  The whole plaza it sits in has been remolded, and we discovered that the cafe has been too - it looks great.  I wouldn't call the cafe 'cozy', but I will take new and clean  over dingy and outdated any time.\n\nBreakfast was only slightly above average, but taking the service and the price into consideration earns the cafe four starts.  \n\nIf you want fast and satisfactory food and a moderate price, this is a good option to place  on your rotation.  \n\nI don't think we would swing by for dinner - not our style, but we WILL be back for breakfast.  I suspect we will be stopping by for lunch at some point too.
YUM!  Finally, a place we like.  This place is really clean, pretty, and contemporary :)...unusual for a Pho restaurant right?  The original location is in northern Cali so we were totally excited to get there.  The menu is very simple but enough to satisfy your taste buds.  Oh, the restaurant is away from the major street hidden behind other shops so be patient.\n\n*Food = very good\n-chicken wings = YUM YUM YUM. You should really try it at least once.\n-Spring rolls = I never had it with such a nice aroma\n-Korean bbq = I don't know why my bf ordered this at a Pho place but it was good.\n-Pho = to be honest, it was a little bland BUT good.
This definitely makes for a fun date night!\n\nI've been here twice now since it reopened as a dine-in theatre and have enjoyed each experience, although customer service was much better the second time around.\n\nBoth times we've gone, our movies have only been in the Fork & Screen theatres - looking forward to trying the next level up. \n\nThe last time I was there, we weren't able to make reservations online since we were paying with gift cards. So we got there early, enjoyed a drink around the corner at my fave bar - Merc. And then arrived 10 mins before previews started to order our dinner. It worked out perfectly. I ordered their brisket sandwich concoction - it's not even on the menu yet - and I was quite pleased with it. And my pomegranate martini was delish - a little on the sweet side - but that's what I prefer!\n\nThe previous time we went, we split their queso blanco dip w/chips and thai coconut chicken skewers. The chicken skewers were pretty good, but the queso dip was horrible. Tasted like your typical concession stand nacho cheese. So i would stay away from that.\n\nAll in all, I'm a fan and will be back soon!
Perfectly acceptable Korean food.  \n\nWe've been pretty disappointed with most of the Korean food around town, which has ranged from mediocre and expensive (Hodori) to awful and expensive (Red Kimchi/Korean Restaurant) to just generally mediocre (Takematsu).\n\nChodang was reasonably priced and not bad at all.  Make no mistake - this ain't LA's Koreatown - but it's the only place we've found that's at all acceptable.\n\nWe had six panchan to start which were decent if not inspired then a pretty big portion of galbi, a nice seafood soon dobu and a seafood pajeon.  The galbi was quite nice, the soon dobu was perfect and the pajeon was good, but a bit odd, more like a 2 inch thick frittata than a traditional pajeon.\n\nAbout $50 for a big meal for three people. Service was friendly and quick.
My husband and I dined here last night.  It was my first time.  My husband has dined in Mastro's before in their L.A. location.  It was date night and therefore, my husband surprised me by coming here.  I was very impressed.  This place is beautiful.  It's dark inside but the appealing highlights in this place is their striking chandeliers in the style of Dave Chihuly, a famous Seattle-based artist who's known for his signature glass sculptures.  It is simply amazing.  There's a piano bar and private dining area.  For the appetizers, we started with the Lobster Cocktail and the Ahi Tuna Tartar.  My main dish was Bone-In Filet 12 oz., Roasted Brussel Sprouts and Sweet Potato Mash.  The steak was cooked to my perfection (medium rare) and the sweet potato mash was the best I've ever had.  My husband got the Rack of Lamb which was very delicious.  Because my husband and I are on this paleo diet, we had to turn down their famous Signature Warm Butter Cake dessert.  Perhaps next time, I will make room for this dessert.\n\nI would have given this restaurant a full 5-star if it weren't for the two staffs arguing in the other room.  My husband and I could clearly hear what they were arguing about, and it was very distracting.  However, our waiter, Mark, was great.  He was very engaging, informative, and professional.  \n\nI look forward to come here again on our next date night.  This time I hope to be entertained by the piano man and eat their Warm Butter Cake!
While strolling through Old Town Scottsdale one afternoon, my wife and I came across this little gem near the corner of 1st Ave and Scottsdale Blvd.  We were drawn in by the smell of brisket and ribs wafting through the air, and after reviewing the menu, decided to make reservations for dinner.\n\nEven with the Spring Training dinner rush, the service was still quick and friendly.  After browsing around the room to see what others ordered, and asking for recommendations from our server, we decided to start with the fresh guacamole (fresh chopped avocado, not mashed, with chopped onions and tomatoes), followed by the bone marrow.  If you've never had marrow, I recommend you try it!  Big Earl's serves their huge marrow bones with toast and a wonderful tomato-onion jam!\n\nFor our meal we decided to split the brisket with jalapeno corn bread and slaw, and added a crock of mac 'n cheese.  The slices of brisket were HUGE, with a thin layer of fat (it's BBQ, a little fat is OK) and a wonderful smokey flavor.  The brisket was also served with two squeeze bottles of sauce...one a sweet and tangy, the other more resembled a vinegar sauce I would expect from the south east.  The cornbread wasn't out of the word, but still delicious.  The slaw was freshly made, not pre-bought, with a hint of apple vinegar.  The Mac 'n cheese was creamy and provided a nice contrast to the rest of the meal.  \n\nAll-in-all, we enjoyed our experience and would come again!  The only reason I rated 4 out of 5 was because was because they were out of St. Louis style ribs.  :-(
I've lived in this neighborhood my entire life but tried Ned's for the first time about a couple of weeks ago. It's a favorite around the area so I thought I'd give it a shot. I'm typically not a huge sandwich fan but I actually thought it was pretty good. The hubs and I shared the super samich and it wasn't bad. The guy working was really nice and helpful so this past week I decided to grab one on my way into work. I called the order in but when I went to pick it up realized I had called the order into the location on Southern, not the location on McKellips. OOPS! The guy working was super nice about it and made me a new one right there, in just a couple of minutes! It was very fast, friendly service and I was surprised at how understanding they were about the mix up. I will definitely be going back again and again!
"""Located across Camelback from AJ's, watch the quick turn in if you are heading East on Camelback. \n\nSWCE (she who controls everything) AKA Ms. Ambiance noted the place was chic downstairs and many of our group noted how much quieter it was upstairs (on the other hand, I felt like...Hey, I want to be where the action is, not in the loft, SWCE and I like to be in the middle of things). Lots of pretty faces and short dresses and this seasons thing boots. (me likey). \n\nEveryone enjoyed their meal, Ms. Foodie noted that her mystery rice dish could have been better described by either the menu or our server. She and another in our party enjoyed the dish but was surprised by the black rice. I had the flat iron steak and it was just excellent, cooked well, peppery, just great. \n\nMr. Wine collaborated with \the organizer\"""" to select two great, very moderate reds a Malbec and a Pinot. Both around $3., Liked the Malbec so much, I just might have to find where to purchase several bottles. \n\nAll agreed we had a great experience and were pleasantly surprised at the $85 bill per couple including tip. \n\nRandom thoughts: \n\nThe wine list could be more expansive (first expressed by Ms. Organizer) , specifically a few higher end selections. I initially thought the same of the menu but after perusal reconsidered. \n\nThe servers and hostess staff were uniformly hot, understated and wearing tight shirts. I'm thinking this does not follow the law of averages, somebody must of thought this out. Nice touch. \n\nOff to untox."""""""
Note:  Only the E61 Espresso Bar is being reviewed here\n\nMy girl friend and I sat at the bar on a busy Saturday afternoon after lunch down the street at Romeo's Bistro.  Having heard that Liberty was pulling Stumptown's Hairbender espresso blend,  I had to give it a try.  And I have to say,  the Faema, the barista, and the blend did not let me down.  It was a acid bomb; orange marmalade and lemon up front.  As it cooled, a semi sweet chocolate rounded the predominate citrus notes, leaving a long finish.  My only complaint is the espresso was too hot.  As a barista I struggle with this as well.  And maybe I'm just sensitive to this because I really dislike drinks that burn the tongue.  To the barista's credit,  he tried to combat this by flushing the group head for longer than I have ever seen anyone do,  rarely half a minute.  Bravo for doing your best to combat the difficulties of old machinery!\n\nSide Note: The barista informed me that Hairbender is only used in their traditional espresso drinks. I find this strange but am not bothered by it because, to be honest, these are the only espresso drinks I enjoy.
The 1st time  was  disappointing b/c they ran out of mochi toppings (that's like running out of rice at a sushi bar) & some of the yogurt were kinda runny.   2nd visit was much better but pistachio nut still a little runny.  Maybe the machine can't keep up with the demand???\n\nAnyhow, they have the most yogurt selection (12 flavors when I was there but think they still need more) and the yogurt was not crazy tart like the other places (not a pinkberry fan at all).  Toppings were fresh, nice ambiance, plenty of seats and cheapest in town at 30cents / oz.  Overall,  I preferred Yogurtland over Yougurtini, Mojo & YoYo's.  But is still waiting for better franchise from LA to open up here.  Let the fro-yo war continue!\n\nP.S. They hide their sampler cups so you have to ask the cashier :(
This hotel is conveniently located near the action in Old Town.\n\nIt is a great place to crash when you have a long night of drinking and festivities planned.  Just walk out to the street, flag down a golf cart and you are on your way!\n\nThere is a complimentary breakfast seven days a week.  Today they had waffles; steel cut oatmeal; berries; a fruit basket; bagels; bread; assorted cereals; coffee; tea; juices; milk and more!\n\nI'd stay here again... if I ever go out drinking again.  ;) In Arizona there is a Zero Tolerance policy.  Don't drink and drive!
I really love Pita Jungle.  My first experience was at the one downtown, and now, I have to get my fix.  I found this location since it is close to my home, and wanted to check it out.\n\nUpon entering, I was pleased with the location.  Well decorated, clean, good lighting, ample seating.  I was greated by the hostess, and sat at the bar.  The place was pretty busy, and I was by myself.  I was greeted in a quick manner by a nice server from behind the bar.  I took a moment to review my menu, and decided to skip a full meal and go for some lentil soup.\n\nNow, here is where things get dicey.  I won't hold it against Pita Jungle, but I have to put this in the review.  First, after being seated, I noticed that it was a little toasty in there.  I think they could have turned up the A/C.  I am sure if I had been drinking, I probably would have broken a slight sweat, as it was warm in here.  \n\nSecondly, after I ordered my lentil soup, it took what seemed like forever to get it.  I did not time it with a stop watch, but it took a long time for just a bowl of soup.  Secondly, when I did get the lentil soup, I didn't care for it.  It looked kinda gross and didn't taste all that great.  And, in case you were wondering, NO, I didn't send it back or complain.  I was to tired and didn't feel like being a sourpuss.\n\nThe other problem that I experienced, was the server girl brought out my check WAY before I was ever served my food.  I hate that!  At least bring my bill with my food, not before!\n\nAside from that, I dig this place.
Just went here looking to find some things that my regular places don't stock and stumbled into a fantastic surprise.  It is under new ownership and went from one of the more expensive places to one of the cheaper.  \n\nStock has improved as well.  I noticed the giant stack of empty boxes that were for sale for $5 before is gone.  Maybe they charge less or just give them away.  \n\nDefinitely going to visit here more than once a year with the new improvements.
Yummy, this place is great. Good burgers and you get to choose everything yourself the meat the cheese what type of sauce or veggies you want. Your not tied to a box at this place and it shows the meats are all fresh and the cheese and veggies are all top quality. I recently ate here with my family and at first thought it was a little expensive about 11.00 a burger after cheese and stuff. My personal burger was like $15.00 after I got kobe beef and horseradish cheese but the burger was very good. After thinking about it for a while it dawned on me that a Whopper is like 6 dollars and this was easily 3 to 4 times better then a Whopper. I recommend it if your looking for a good burger all natural no hormones and an entire gluten free menu.
This is a review specifically for the bakery at this Fry's Food Store (I am not taking into consideration the fact that the worst drivers in the state of Arizona choose to shop here and endanger my life when I attempt to park - that's not Fry's fault!).  For my dad's 60th birthday party I initially wanted to order one of those fancy, I-can't-believe-someone-has-the-creativity-and-patience-to-make-something-like-that kind of cakes from one of the independent bakeries in the area.  But, after receiving estimates ranging from $90-$175 for a cake that would serve our 50 guests I just couldn't go through with it.\n\nInstead, I chose to call the bakery at this Fry's and ordered a hilarious/delicious 1/2 sheet Picture-A-Cake featuring an edible screen printed photo of my dad on his Bar Mitzvah day.  The cake itself was an mmm mmm good red velvet with cream cheese frosting and only cost $34.99!  Our guests couldn't believe the cake was baked at a grocery store.  The only reason I'm not giving Fry's five stars is due to the ease of ordering.  They do not have the ability to receive photos as attachments via email - you have to bring in a hard copy of the picture that you want screened on.  The ultimate outcome is definitely worth the extra trip, though!
This place has the hot dogs that are closest to Chicago dogs in Arizona. I have visited this place often. I love their fries. The problem for us is consistency. Their food quality is not consistent. Lately, the buns have been hard. The buns are half of a good dog. We have also had their Italian beef. Sometimes it is a bit spicy. You can also buy a pound of beef and a loaf of bread to make it yourself at home.
One of the newer parks for spring training, this one has it all. You have good access to players via the bullpen areas and a great view of them warming up. You can feel the speed from those pitches. They'll throw you balls pretty often.\n\nThere is plenty of grass seating not only in the outfield, but a little section in each corner down the 1st and 3rd baselines. The concessions are a plenty although the workers seem to be a bit slow. That is the only thing keeping this place form being a 5 star.\n\nThe players leave to the corners of the field so camp yourself out there if you want autographs and such. You can't go wrong with Camelback Ranch!
Always there and (almost) always reliable, Seamus McCaffrey's is still my favorite place to grab a beer downtown.  Last Friday night, I convinced a couple of friends that we ought to go check out the newly burgeoning night life in downtown Phoenix, since they had both moved away in recent years.  So after being thoroughly un-wowed by the Roosevelt row area, we decided to head back to our favorite old standby, Seamus.\n\nMy only complaint was an out-of-order men's room, which gets a pass for being in a known old building and for the bouncer explaining our other options politely and immediately.  After all, what's an Irish pub without a pisser?  Thankfully, still a pretty good Irish pub in this case.
This time around in AZ I made my second trip to this Bar. Enough TV's and enough sports to keep everyone happy. I dug this spot because as well as offering sports in the bar area they have a nice little lounge with sofas and big screen's to enjoy the weekend games. Along with these little comforts you can also get a pool table and the tables aren't in the middle of the mix so they don't get in the way of the people there just to drink and enjoy the games. \n\nFunny story i was greeted by the AZ PD as I left the build and after 5min of trying to convince me to a take a sobriety test it was a good night. Being from LA I found it hard that police would give you a sobriety test for fun. I had to make it clear I wasn't driving and I knew I was drunk they explained they offered this as a service so people would understand that they may leave a bar thinking there good to drive but if they were to be pulled over what their alcohol content would actually read. So after I blew a .13 I felt I had to remind them that I wasn't driving. They laughed and sent me on my way with my DD. Good times. The police get one star.
Well... even after not visiting the Vig for almost a year everytime I go there it is a great crowd... I don't think I have ever had a bad time or met anyone completely rude. Sunday is the best day to go.. Sunday Funday! 1/2 price wine + good company + live music - who could ask for more? \n\nI'm normally a mixed drink drinker... but whenever I go to the Vig I always go back to wine, so I can't comment on the mixed drinks, food is decent but what doesn't taste good when your starving and drinking? \n\nAlso heard they are opening another one on 16th street... double the fun!
I went to Mojo for the first time today.  In fact, it was my first time to a self-serve frozen yogurt place, which my friend assures me have taken over the East Valley.  She says Mojo is her favorite.  I can see why.  It's tasty, with a variety of flavors (that you can taste as you please, of course) and unique toppings (like fresh kiwi and lychee, as well as fruity pebbles cereal).  The staff was plenty friendly and it was nice and clean.  Good job, Mojo.  I'll be back for sure.
Overall, I have to give the FilmBar a great review.  I love the idea of having an Indie film house so close.  I don't drink, but I don't have a problem if others want to and the atmosphere is perfect, I almost expected to see Tom Waits playing piano in a corner somewhere.\n\nOnly one complaint, sometimes drinking (and people who have had a little too much) is not compatible with enjoying a great movie experience.  We had a row of tipsy movie goers behind us yesterday that could not keep their mouths, phones or snoring under control.  It made a movie that was difficult to hear and understand (thick British accents and idiom)  even tougher to follow.\n\nStill jerks are everywhere and we will definitely be back.  Keep up the great work and we will definitely be bringing friends next time.
This is my gym.  It's expensive as hell, but worth it.  The workout and water facilities are top notch and they have several of everything, so there really isn't any wait, but what REALLY sets Lifetime apart in my book is the locker rooms. \n\nTheir locker rooms are fabulous and second to none.  They offer free, clean towels as you walk in and the locker rooms have numerous changing bays (and some private changing cubbies) with polished granite, stainless steel, stained wood surfaces everywhere.  All the lockers have built in locks, that lock with your membership card.  Although I'll add that I am apparently too retarded to understand *exactly* how to make the lock work with my membership card.\n\nThey also offer a side lounge with a flat panel tv and leather couches.  There is a separate room with all the toilet stalls, and for reasons I won't spell out here, the door between the locker room area and the toilets is a good thing.  \n\nPlus there are generously sized showers with self-serve, wall mounted body soap/shampoo, a wonderful, mentholated steam room, a digital scale and even a swimsuit water spinner.  There is even tanning bed access, if you're into that kind of thing.\n\nI can't speak any more highly of the locker rooms at Lifetime, the only other gym that comes close is Mountainside, but they don't compare when it comes to other gym amenities.
great place for men, their is a small TV for you to watch while having your haircut and a big one to watch while waiting, the service is great, wait times and price not so much but for all the old men who are always in their that just want to be mauled by younger women i guess its OK.\nI would recommend men to get their hair cut here if they are willing to pay extra just to associate with the young women and get a haircut no better than some average establishment such as great clips.
Being the only Cambodian Restaurant in Arizona I give it a well deserved 4 star! The food is pretty tasty. I have been there quit a bit and ate various dishes. When a new restaurant opens I tend to go there often. Just to try all the food they offer to see what are the good and bad on their menu. Or if the place is even worth to even keep going! \n\nHaving tried  all the dish my favorite is the Beef noodle soup with a side of Fried Bread sticks. Its similar to Vietnamese Pho but with its own Cambodian flavor. Only downfall is I wish they offer the bigger bowl so I can get a food coma!! haha. I will definitely go here from now on to eat the Beef Noodle soup as I think it tops the Vietnamese Pho.\n\nOverall its a place I will continue to go.\n\nWarning though its a family owned business so the service is slow. But the food is well worth the wait!!!!
Stopped in here with the boss lady, I am talking about my real boss not the girlfriend, the other day for lunch. We were in the middle of Mesa and overcome by corporate restaurants so I turned to Yelp as my foodie Northern Star to lead us safely! \n\nAll the reviews raved about this place and I would agree. Now I have to admit I am kind of a Scottsdale snob, the only reason I go below the 202 is for work. So I already had a pessimistic attitude about finding a good place to eat in Mesa/Gilbert that wasn't Joe's. I am glad to say I was  wrong. \n\nWe got there right at noon and the crowd wasn't that bad. The first thing that hits you is the cool hipster vibe they have going in there. Great layout clean and very inviting. Next step you grab a menu decide what you want pay then find your own seats.\n\nI went with the Turkey Sandwich with blue cheese caramelized pecans onions on sourdough. It was pretty good. The turkey was moist and the toppings all worked well with each other. But it could have used MORE turkey and the bread was a little dry. I think next time I would go with the burger or chicken sandwich everyone raves about on here. \n\nOverall a great diner that I would go back to and drive somewhat out of the way for!
Holy ravioli is all I have to say....AMAZING! I'm an Italian girl from Jersey....I've had my fair share of ravioli in my life and this is the best I've ever had. Their green salad is really good too - simple and good. No iceberg lettuce here. Service is great. The reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because last time we were in, I tried a chicken dish that was just OK. Next time, I will just stick to the ravioli...
Coming from California where fro-yo places are a dime a dozen, Juju berri is a gem in this desert! \n\nYour standard self-serve yogurt, with an equal ratio of tart and creamy choices (kiwi/blueberry tart my personal fave), don't forget to ask and try their flavors before you begin your escapade. \n\nToppings are endless, don't overdo it though because you'll be surprised how much 37 cents an ounce will break your wallet. \n\nNeon colors on the walls that gouge your eyes out are a bit too excessive for me....I'm here for fro-yo, not a rave!
This is the my go to neighborhood nail place.  They are very reasonable, and I almost never have to wait longer than 5 minutes.  I can drop in, or when I want gel nail manis I found my favorite girl who does an amazing job.  I never get anything but french, and I like the lines not to be too thick and bulky looking.  Amazing job every time, and a gel mani with french polish is only $30, no charge for taking off the previous one.  I usually can get away with every 3 weeks, because they suggested I use clear gel polish instead of pink so when your nail grows out from the cuticle you can't see it.  I just sent my mom over and she loves her gel manicure.
I was introduced to Thai Basil today via co-workers! We picked up food to go, due to working in Phoenix, but spent a few moments observing this small restaurant, that apparently has quite the impact!  Every table was full, and I saw the working crowd lunching, students taking advantage of their leisure days, and probable regulars.  I can see why! Nestled in a corner, steps away from Top Liquors, this place is endeared and slightly off the beaten path!  Parking was an issue, so be aware.\n\nBefore I mention the food, I do have to state the atmosphere is very Thai, and it is designed with touches of artistically crafted wood that I felt was imported from Thailand.  the main woman behind the counter was charming, and warm.  Its a fast moving joint during the lunch hour, so grab a menu while you wait in line, and be ready to give your order! I cannot wait to sit down and enjoy the ambiance more!\n\nNOW onto the food, it is brilliant Thai cuisine!  I ordered the Yellow Curry with Chicken at a medium heat.  It was spicy, but nicely so, and was delicious! I am glad to have left overs to enjoy another day! And the spring roll app was a little nugget of goodness, which I didn't know I was receiving.  \n\nThey have a few locations throughout the valley, whether you're in Tempe or Chandler, and in the mood for Thai, check them out for sure!
I continue to come to this pho restaurant because of its cheap price. $4 for a bowl??? When the pho cravings kick in, I'm down!! I wouldn't say they make the best pho. They don't provide enough meat compared to the usual pho places back in California, but you get what you pay for! \n\nThere's a short list of around 10-15 different pho broth bowls that range from $3.50-$4.50, so if you're looking for a cheap meal, look in that portion of the menu. Otherwise, the other items are around average priced.\n\nThe waitress is really sweet and does what she can to help everyone in the small restaurant. There was bone in one of my bowls, so she completely replaced it with a new one.\n\nOverall, as long as I can fulfill my desires and not pay too much to do it, I'm happy!
Yummy.  \n\nRopponngi Fizz - My new favorite drink.  \n\nThe food was very good, and I actually had to ask the waiter what some of the ingredients were, which makes it more adventurous.  I had the lamb chops which were served with a mango-chutny, make sure to try it on the lamb, yum.  My boyfriend had the fish and chips and that was also very good, the batter was light and fluffy and served with seaweed chips.  \n\nWe sat on the patio, perfect night outside, the waiter was very nice.\n\nWe ended with the to-die-for warm chocolate cake with syrup.  I never eat chocolate, so when I do, I want it to be amazing, and this was!
They accommodated our big group in the separate dining area to the right of the arcade once you first enter. My friends have raved bout this joint and wanted to try it out. Upon entering the place, you would think it's one of the smaller chain restaurants with greasy pizza (barros). But the food actually surprised me here. \n\nGot the old world salad which was filled with all kinds of goodies like feta cheese, olives, red onioin, peppercinis, roasted peppers, cucumber, etc. I think the best part of the salad was their tomato house dressing which is phenomenal. It has a tangy balsamic taste to it which is awesome with any salad I would imagine. Maybe even dip ur pizza in it.\n\nNext time I gotta try some of their pizzas though and I will report back!
Eddie's House is really nice!  Lots of dark wood, framed photos and I think I saw some mounted fish on the walls.  I felt like I was in someones cabin and all I needed was some scotch and a roaring fire going. \n\nI ordered the East-Meets-West sesame tuna and parmesan halibut with bok choy and asparagus risotto which was a bi-coastal party in my mouth.  I got the half order since I wasn't famished and the portion was just enough to satisfy my palate.
Subconsciously avoiding vegetables recently I finally begin to fell the need for greens.... \n\nMy need for nourishment and a COUPON for a $4.99 meal with the purchase of a beverage brought me here for lunch the other day. This location has always been clean and the servers friendly (once they make it to your table). The veggies are always green and their mixed salads appetizing and rarely wilted. \n\nMy eyes are always bigger than my tummy. The veggies piled high, I always find room on my plate for a spoon full of that wonderful tuna screwdle salad. My dressing of choice is always a little of the House Vinaigrette and a drizzle of the lo cal Ranch. \n\nOn my way around the buffet I stop at the soup station. I can never pass up their beef vegetable soup, they didn't have it on my last visit. But they usually have 4 soups to suit most tastes. \nI pass by the selection of pastas, mac n cheese, baked potato and taco/nacho bar, pizza and the breads. Although there are times I can't pass up their gingerbread. \n\nI worked through my salad and in typical Souper Salad fashion I finished my meal with a few cubes of pound cake topped with strawberries, passing on the ice cream. I should have just gone for the Jello or the fresh fruit....Oh well! \n\nSign up for their Fresh Club on line and you get coupons in your email regularly.
"""Some days Sweet D and I get some time alone.  And some summer days I'm in town.  Those converged today.   Since I've been telling out-of-towners FEZ is one of the highest/most often rated dinking (dining and drinking) spots in Central PHX, I needed some detail.\n\nFirst, unlike all you other Yelp*ers, this will not be a place for us to drop casually by for a meal or our favorite beverages.  Our enjoyable lunch dining experience cost nearly $50.00, including tip.  It will be a place for a memorable dining experience, probably in the cooler months in the outside, streetside dining room, at night when the decor and lighting will be at their artsy modern best.  The background music, contemporary, world, quieter pop and rock is fine any time.\n\nReading some of the other reviews it appear solo men sometimes get verbally and visually groped.  This didn't happen to me.  When it has other places, I've gained insight into the plight of women, unless you're a woman who likes all the overt, very forward attention from admirers.  I understand women have several connections between each brain hemisphere while men have only one.  We know where THAT one goes, don't we?  Sorry guys, I won't be sending out of town business visitors here because of the potential overtness issue, my rep and because the expense account in my line of work would be atomized from a fully coursed meal at FEZ.  \n\nSweet D ordered a pomegranate ice tea.  An Adam's Ale for me.  The tea was decent, but not worth the price to Mr. Cheapskate.  The Adam's Ale was Phoenix' finest, perfectly clear, refreshingly cool, notes of potassium, calcium and magnesium a background to the intense lemon overtone.\n\nWe started with the 50/50 soup, lettuce wraps and sweet potato fries.  Why three appetizers?  The soup and wrap flavors and ingredients looked interesting and worth sampling.  I like sweet potato fries and am interested how eateries serve them.\n\nThere are three regular and sweet potato.  You can order them any way you wish within the herb and spice flavor spectrum.  There are four flavors including the cinnamon dusted sweet potato.  The medical establishment is taking food as medicine seriously, and cinnamon is an excellent blood treatment, particularly for diabetes.  77 grams of sweet potato have 300% of recommended vitamin A RDA, 30% of vitamin C, lots of fiber, etc.  \n\nThe Cinnammon Dusted sweet potato fries turned out to be Cinnamon Toast Crunch sweet potato fries, coated with the same cinnamon and sugar mix I ate on toast when I was small.  Adios diabetes helper.  Too sweet for me.  The sweetness of the apricot aioli would have been just enough, the flavors changing nicely when the fries were dipped and eaten.  The fries were cooked the best of any I've eaten anywhere, thorougly cooked but not painfully crispy or caramelized to near-burning.  \n\nThe cumin cinnamon carrot and tomato lentil soups were excellent.  Again, health-supporting combinations, freshly made, well seasoned flavor balanced. \n\nI'd not call the lettuce wraps \wraps\"""".  Reading the menu, I wondered what Romaine cups were.  I knew someone working in a rural resort with a Cordon Bleu chef.  People drove in from throughout the area for the food.  The chef prepared his daily artistry, people called in to see what was for dinner at the lodge.  After reading the French items from the menu, that bozo took it upon themself to translate.   Boeuf  bourguignon and pomme de terre became beef stew and red skin potatoes.  In the spirit of that downer of a human being, I'll tell you that Romaine cups are Romaine leaves.  The lettuce wraps are more like fajitas.  Load up your five Romaine cups as you please with the delicious mixture of minced grilled chicken,  dried fruits and vinaigrette.  An excellent appetizer.  \n\nWe could have made the soup and lettuce wraps a meal.  We set aside the sweet potato fries, vowing to go cinnamon-dusted only next time.        \n\nWe finished our meal with the rosemary chicken sandwich.  True to FEZ' American/Med/Maroc culture, this delicious item was a Levanter of pesto, rosemay, roasted red pepper and chicken. \n\nOutstanding food aiming to keep you tastefully healthy.  A great brunch, lunch or evening dine at street level Central PHX.    \n\nWe'll be back."""""""
Wow.  I have never seen so many different spices and rubs organized in such a great way.\n\nI was coming in for saffron, which, if you are looking for it, it's behind the cashier counter because of how valuable it is.\n\nI didn't end up purchasing at this time... \n\nAs far as service... the ladies completely ignored me.  They addressed the other older ladies who walked in, but didn't pay attention to me.  That's not a big deal, but I just noted the difference.\n\nI was trying to find the saffron (not knowing it was behind the counter) and I wanted to ask someone and they were all helping someone, which is good.\n\nThey had some nice chipotle rubs and stuff... I'm definitely considering going back to get some of this stuff for grilling.
"""This museum is located in downtown Mesa. Parking is right across the street which makes it very convenient! Parking is free which makes it even nicer :)\n\nAdmission is $10.00 per adult or should I say anyone 12 and over. I believe this is a fair price for a museum.\n\nHistory is bountiful within the walls of this museum. The levels of history encompass everyone regardless of age. The kids (young ones) seem to enjoy the large dinosaurs that surround the rooms. There are several \hands on\"""" areas for smaller children. \n\nTeens have a lot to read about rocks, fossils, and history. I am sure you could spend hours walking around reading every last word, it does seem a little redundant and a lot to read.\n\nOver all I think it's a nice museum, I just don't believe it is 5 Stars worth!"""""""
"""As far as bars are concerned, my preference is fairly clear and dull.  I like dark, dingy places with lots of corners and avoid drinking more than the random cider or amaretto sour.  A decent jukebox is necessary and potentially a bartender wearing a thirft store workshirt with a patch providing a name that does not match the new owner.  If there's a pool table covered in velveteen or tacky stickers from the 90's stuck to the walls, I'm at home.  Anything else is significantly out of my comfort zone.  I don't do well outside of my safe space. \n\nI'll give a tentative four stars for my one Marc's experience.  Since I was a driver, I had nothing to drink and can only judge based on the company, people-watching, service, and atmosphere.  All were excellent and I did not want to run screaming when I settled down in the room.\n\nThe place is a bit strange and the layout is split in half.  Upon entering, a sports bar/hip hop area can be found on your left.  To the right, a second room is set up and you encounter a friendly lounge centered around a bar and karaoke set-up.  I didn't enter the hip hop side of Marc's, but a quick peek into the room solidified my resolve to avoid it at all costs; panic alarms went off in my head.  There's a small gated patio for the smokers in your life.\n\nThe bathrooms are unisex with two stalls.  This is hilariously fun, though I hear it was better before the urinals were removed.  At one point, I was washing my hands when a tall frat boy walked in and jumped.  \HOLY SHIT, A WOMAN!\"""".  (I hope Yelp keeps the capital letters on that statement, because it's the best way to mimic the horror in his voice.)  I pointed at the sign, laughed, and told him I'd get out of his hair.\n\nThe waitress appeared at our tables frequently and didn't seem annoyed by the presence of the water-consuming drivers.  Actually, all of the staff was awesome (including a bouncer with a sense of humor!) and the wheeled chairs amused me.  I'll have to give this place another shot to really solidify my ideas, but if I can be completely sober and comfortable in a karaoke bar, they're doing something right.  Rogue West will continue to be my regular spot, but Marc's will see me again."""""""
"""The Wii Fit is fun way to workout but realized thanks to my daughter that its not a \real\"""" work out.  So to avoid further harassment from my daughter we decided to look into joining a gym about a month ago.  After doing some research the YMCA seemed to be the best fit for us.\n\nWe joined as a family about a month ago and so far I am really enjoying the YMCA in Scottsdale.  If you are looking for a well maintained gym that has a pool, tons of classes, and a day care (at no additional cost with the family plan) and not full of muscle heads this is the place for you.  \n\nI have taken about 10 spin classes so far and Lisa is a great instructor at 5:30am so definitely recommend giving her class a try if you can get your butt up early enough.  Every time I have gone my day has seemed to be more productive.\n\nFor those (and I am one of them) that need extra motivation to work out the YMCA uses a progress logging system called Fitlinx.  You can sign up for a free intro to the machines that are part of this system.  Each time you visit the gym you log in and those circuit or cardio machines (and there are many) that are tied into the Fitlinx system it will record your progress.  The YMCA even reports weekly progress of top members so for those competitive folks this is the perfect incentive to getting off the couch and into the gym.  I know its working for me as I don't like seeing my name so far down the list.\n\nFor the price the YMCA is definitely worth checking out if you are considering joining a gym."""""""
I got over my grudge with Giligin's and have been back a few times. I like to stop by, buy a tray of jello shots, and spin the wheel of booze. Bartenders here are either really cool or really mean. Just expect them to be mean so if you get a nice one you'll be pleasantly surprised. The midget here never fails to amuse me. My ex used to tell me they smell like pennies. Whatever that means....Everything about this bar is obnoxious. If you're into that sort of thing stop by and check it out!
I went here for lunch with a colleague from work not realizing I had been to the one at The Roosevelt Hotel in Los Angeles. My experience was much better here. The place had recently opened so there wasn't much clientele during lunch. I ordered the burger #3; mezzo secco jack, green chili, chipotle and avocado. We split a Caesar salad and tried some of the special sauces the waiter had recommended for the fries. I didn't find out until we got our bill that the extra dipping sauces (ramekin size) were $1 each....kinda crazy if you ask me. Nonetheless, the burger was FABULOUS! So so yummy. I ate way to much to have to back to work though. Needless to say, I wasn't very productive the rest of the day. \n\nThe decor was retro with a diner feel. I would definitely go back and would recommend it.
A fan of the PHX Food Truck scene, I've tried to make it a point to try each truck that shows to the Friday Food Court or the Phoenix Public Market at least once.  I have been to Paradise at least 2 times now and I can say I am more than pleased with the quality food and service.  \nI have tried the Pastrami sandwich and the Reuben. Both had generous portions of meat & cheese on grilled marble rye. \nSeveral have recommend their veggie sandwich which is next on my list to try here.\n These sandwiches are quite large (relative, I know) perfect for a hearty appetite. $ 6 for the sandwich or $ 8 to make it a meal, with a drink and a side.\nThe menu may seem small until you see all the individuals items you can combine to build your own sandwich.\nStop in you won't be disappointed.
Went here after I was told they sold wrapping paper from a gal at Pier 1 at Tempe Marketplace. I needed a few rolls with a Damask design for my wedding cake baker. She's making cupcake holders out of them! \n\nUpon entering the establishment, I was blasted in the face/lungs with the smell of plastic. Which is to be expected when going into a store of this kind. I was impressed with the overall selection of containers. From little itty bitty (coin size) to huge Rubbermaid!  The wrapping paper selection is less than to be desired, though they do have a whole isle dedicated to gift wrapping. Then again, I might be biased because I did not find what I needed. \n\nThey also have a section for garment bags and the like. I had planned on buying one for my wedding dress and a nice satin coat hanger. Alas, the overwhelming smell of plastic consumed me and my lungs and I had to immediately leave up having an allergy/asthma attack. \n\nThough I'd love to visit again and get the garment bag and nice coat hanger I had in hand, my lungs forbid me! :(
I had a great dinner on Friday night, but must give my review with a caveat.  The restaurant was offering a deal as a fundraiser for Japanese relief, so we ordered from the specialty menu, which was different from the regular menu.  \n\nFirst, great bartender (Casey?) and great drinks.  He made a great cocktail with sweet tea vodka, very summery, not too sweet, and recommended a great wine for dinner.  \n\nFor dinner, we started with edamame (hard to screw up, and they didn't), then had a five-course menu for $20 - just a ridiculous deal.  Miso soup, cucumber salad in vinaigrette, stuffed squash blossoms with cream cheese and seafood, battered and deep fried, then garnished with caviar.  Just incredible!  Fourth course was seared, thin-sliced ahi and the final course was a marinated bass, very tender, perfectly cooked.  \n\nGreat, friendly service.  I was surprised how empty it was for a Friday night.  The regular menu looked tasty (which is why I went in the first place, but the fixed menu was too good a deal to pass up) and the prices seemed reasonable.  I will definitely try it again - seems like a great spot to sneak into when the rest of Old Town is packed.
This place was starting to go downhill for a while but I didn't have the heart to take away a star. However, after a dine-in visit last Sunday, I can see they are back on course. The restaurant was clean and tidy and the condiment/utensils area was well stocked. The service was very friendly and quick. Someone even came running over to us with a bag after noticing me trying to juggle the takeout boxes wih our leftovers in them. Now if only they would bring back the curbside pickup!
I went here for lunch today with a friend and it was very good! I had the grilled chicken banh mi and he had the grilled pork (but I was totally jealous cuz the pork was better!). The sandwiches are cheap (cash only) and huge! I couldn't finish mine. The veggies on it give the whole thing a wonderful bold flavor and the bread is warm and fresh. Everything there is well priced, I would like to go back and try some different things. So I will be doing that...
Rare find in the East Valley! \nCute Cupcakes and the place definitely has character!\n\nI ate a coconut cupcake with sprinkled coconut and glitter on top. I only bought one cupcake and took it hope to share with my 3 roommates. It made me wish I had more cupcakes to share with the rest of them! We took our forks and gulped it down. \n\nThe pink frosting was delicious and melted right in our mouth. The cupcake itself was very rich and moist. They must have substituted milk for the water while baking it, I could tell, so moist and mouth watering. \n\nI will be coming back here to eat for breakfast and lunch. Its a great place to study.
So this was the old Mondrian Hotel. While you can tell the place is on the older side, it's very well kept and has that modern- retro mid century vibe going on. Good location, right in Old Town and the staff seemed friendly enough, while I didn't like that there is no public or visitor parking. You have no choice, you have to Valet- it costs 5 bucks. I suggest parking in one of the parking lots right outside of the complex if you don't want to valet your car. My friend paid about 100 bucks for the room, which I thought was very fair. \nI also passed a lovely area by the pool with a hammock, I am tempted to sneak in and send a couple hours there with a good book and umbrella drink!
"""What a nice little \gem of a restaurant\"""" to answer our craving for Asian  food!  Thanks Yelpers!!!  The food and service at this place are China-licious!  The prices are just $, a bargain!\n\nThe Dragon Palace is tucked away in the corner of an older strip center on the east side of N 32rd just north of E Thunderbird.  It looks like it's been here for years, and I mean a lot of years...  But don't let deter you from trying the Dragon Palace!\n\nRestaurant~ the decor is old.  It's is a thrown back into the late seventies and early eighties with huge red vinyl booths with the high backs.  The walls are solid blue (I guess as a contrast maybe?) with some Asian inspired borders and prints.  They have those old Asian lamps hanging for the ceiling.  Although this place is a through back into time of another era, the place is very clean and comfy.  \n\nService~ excellent from when you enter their restaurant until you leave.  5 star service.\n\nFood~ all of their lunch meals come with water and hot tea, complimentary.  They also offer the usual beverage choices if you so desire something else.  The hot tea was very good!  \n\nTheir menu is also a through back to old Asian restaurants I used to go to when I was a kid.  I remember when mom would say \""""we are going to go and eat Chinese\"""" and I would say \""""mom, we're not cannibals do you mean Asian or Chinese food?\""""  \n\nAfter a slap on the back of the head we were off ~ ready to get stuffed since they always brought you way too much food.\n\nAll of their lunch meals here at the Dragon Palace come with a very tasty bowl of egg drop soup (thick and tasty!), wontons, egg roles, rice is fried or steamed  and the main entree.  We had their Beef with Broccoli and their Mongolian Beef.  Both dishes were China-licious!!  Our entire meal was less than $20 with the tip!\n\nI'm looking forward to going \""""Back in Time\"""" at he Dragon Palace again real soon.  Hopefully I will see you there."""""""
"""Ah Moreno's...\n\nLet me tell you a little story about my first Sonoran HotDog..\n\nI was watching over my mother-in-law one night after she recently had surgery.  My wife came to relieve me, and I thought that I'd pick up something quick for her to eat before I went home.\n\nUsually, if I can't decide what to eat, I drive around until something strikes my fancy.  I drove passed Moreno's, and I did a \double take\"""".  I noticed there was a hotdog stand in the front and I thought it was a peculiar thing to have in front of a Mexican restaurant.  It really peaked my interest.\n\nI decided to give it a shot.\n\nI ordered 2 hotdogs and the guy asked me: \""""Todo?\""""  I guess it means \""""With everything?\""""  (I say that because I'm Filipino, and I'm often mistaken for being Mexican, Samoan, Hawaiian, Japanese, and a few other races.)  The guy really didn't speak much English, but in a Mexican restaurant, I wouldn't want it any other way.  Ok.. back to my story... He asked me:  \""""Todo?\""""  and I said \""""Sure.\"""", not knowing what was that entailed.  He put the hotdog in a bun and started stacking layer after layer of condiments on it.  The level of artistry and proficiency this guy displayed when making this hotdog was astounding.  I was a newbie to Sonoran style hotdogs and looking at that thing was just too much for my mind to comprehend.\n\nI took the dogs back to my wife.  Her and my-mother-in law took a look at them and had the same look on their faces as I did.  I said my goodbyes and left to go home.  \n\nHalf-way home, I get a call from my wife.  She's raving about how good those hotdogs were and asked me to go back to Moreno's to pick up 8 more.  Apparently, they liked them so much, that they called her aunt and brother to come over to try a couple.  I thought, \""""What the hell... I'll try a couple.\""""  You never forget your first bite of a Sonoran Hotdog from Moreno's.  There's something magical about it, sort of like your first sexual experience.\n\nWe usually get our share of family and friends visiting from out-of-state, and Sonoran Hotdogs have been a sure-fire hit with EVERYONE we bring to  Moreno's.\n\nTo this day, I randomly receive text messages from friends and family to the effect of  \""""I'm craving those Mexican style hotdogs.\""""  You'll crave these hotdogs like a crack-fiend.\n\nAnyways..  they also have pretty good tacos.  Go there on a Wednesday,  they have $1 tacos that day.\n\nI believe the Sonoran Hotdogs are $1.95 on Thursdays.\n\nTry the pineapple drink they have at the counter.  It is very refreshing.\n\nHappy eating!"""""""
"""It took me a while to venture into HoR, because honestly I didn't know what it was.  A friend told me that he gets the frozen Ahi from there, and it's some of the best he's had.  When I finally made it in, I was really surprised on how much they were able to put in that little store!  The south side of the store carries mostly canned/dry and frozen ingredients.  They do have a small selection of fresh items, like ginger, lemongrass, tofu etc...  There is an excellent selection of Curry's, stir-Fry sauces, and seasonings as well.  The rice is extremely reasonable, and there is a nice variety of types and sizes.   The North side of the store carries an eclectic mix of dinnerware, and cooking utensils.   HoR is definitely not a \One-stop-shop\"""", but it's create  place t get some quality ethnic ingredients without the high mark-up you would find at the grocery store... if you could find it at there!"""""""
"""Hostess: Would you like to sit inside or outside?\nMe: OUTSIDE! I'm from Chicago!\nHostess: In the sun or in the shade?\nMe: In the SUN! I'm from Chicago!\n\nAnd that's how our lunch began at Metro Brasserie on a warm February day.  You Phoenix yelpers don't know how lucky you are to be able to wear short-sleeves in February!!\n\nI'm not really a fan of French food and find it too heavy for lunch, but I can usually find something to eat on any menu.  And that something to eat at Metro Brasserie was the chicken salad sandwich served on a croissant.  Our waiter told me it was one of their more popular sandwiches. Gabi K ordered a chick pea/eggplant sandwich, while the 3rd member of our party went with the turkey/cranberry sandwich.\n\nAbout 20 minutes later the turkey/cranberry sandwich arrived, but there was no sign of our meals for another 15 or so minutes. Our waiter apologized profusely and said he didn't know why it was taking so long.  I was about to eat my arm by now (being on Chicago time it felt like an hour later), but we waited and waited and waited very patiently.\n\nOnce our food FINALLY arrived I really enjoyed the chicken salad sandwich...especially cause it was very light on the mayo. I hate mayo...ick.  Gabi really liked her sandwich as well, although the turkey/cranberry sandwich went untouched because the 3rd member of our party was not such a fan.  \n\nAt the end of the meal our waiter offered to bring us complimentary chocolate cake to make up for the wait of our food, but we declined...these hips do not need anymore chocolate cake.  Still, it was a sweet gesture.\n\nOverall It was probably more of a 3 star experience, but I\m feeling a bit generous...the Arizona sun will do that to ya!"""""""
They say it's all about location,location, location... Indeed there is truth to it, Pita Jungle is in the heart of Roosevelt and a few steps pass Lola's Coffee. I always walked passed this place to snag coffee and hi-jack a table to study at lolas. However as I was exiting & noticed a crowd of folks eating outside. My hunger pains got the best of me, so I decided to give it a shot and the hostess, blonde wow. Getting off point, the food was excellent their menu had a nice variety of options. Great service and the atmosphere was inviting. A kick-ass place to bring friends and chow down!
If they were only a little more consistent they would have 5 stars in my book. \n\nAnd if the Yelp check-in special went away and they stopped offering so many ways to get customers involved for free fro-yo, they would be down to 3 stars.\n\nBut now they're 4...which means YES! I AM A FAN! You can stop reading now, or read on. :)\n\nMore specifics...\n\nThings I like about Mojo:\n\n- They have sample cups out! The flavors rotate, so it's nice to be able to help yourself and try em before you buy em. You can't do that at my favorite place, Yogurtology.\n\n- The flavors rotate (see above), so there is usually something new to try.\n\n- Cool store in a good location at Biltmore with lots of outdoor seating where the lone employee working leaves you alone but is helpful enough.\n\n- Loyalty stamp card: buy 9, get one free.\n\n- BEST THING: check-in on Yelp for a buy one get one free every time. If they take this away, I will probably stop coming here. This is the main reason I come over Yogurtology sometimes. \n\nThings I don't like:\n\n- They're a little pricier than other fro-yo shops (but with the 2 for 1 that's totally negated).\n\n- Theor toppings aren't as extensive. I can usually get what I like, but once in awhile I DO want to add a few peanut butter cups or a brownie on the bottom and they don't have that stuff. They've got the basics, so it's not such a big deal.\n\n- Their fro-yo is good, but it's not great. I like some flavors better than others. A couple are truly great, but I find that it really varies and some of theirs are just much icier than creamy and not as consistent as a few other shops. That being said I really like: the classic Whiteboy Vanilla is very solid, the seasonal Pumpkin is delish, the Mojo Cookiemonster, Skinny Strawberry, and finally - the PB & yo. Love those. The tarts in my opinion are hit and miss.\n\n- Oh, and I wish they consistently had at least two of their non-dairy options and skinny options. Sometimes there is not one of either. \n\nAll isn all, use the check-in specials, follow on FB for words of the day on Tuesdays, and go to their website for a BOGO...all good ways to get a free fro-yo at Mojo. It's a cool place to come with friends on a hot day or for a desseert after Zin Burger or one of the other great placs at Biltmore. Do I like a few other places yogurt better? Yes. But Mojo is good, and the price is right with all the BOGOs...\n\nI really like that they do things to keep customers coming back and build loyalty including FB, Yelp, Twitter, the stamp cards. It works and it makes you feel like they care if you spend your hard earned frozen yogurt bucks with them. Thanks, Mojo.
"""This place is right down the street for me !! This has been both a good, and very very bad  thing...\n\nThis place attempts to imitate trader joes- but its certainly different, layouts of the store are more industrial and one could say \functional\""""- trader joes has a more comfortable \""""homey\"""" environment in their stores that can be quite inviting- persuading you to STAY in longer! \nTrader Joes has TONS of prepared foods- thats their distinctive point, and most of it is frozen but it is quite good. \nFresh and easy has some frozen packaged foods, but its mostly fresher \""""ready to microwave\"""" items- but I havent found them to be flavorful. I think overall TJ has more variety and quality, Fresh and Easy is also quite good for its price point though- very affordable! \nThe Staff at the Fresh and Easy are wonderful- extremely helpful and friendly- no other store has anything comparable It doesnt feel \""""fake\"""" ! they have great items on sale depending on the week- so check them out :)! Fresh and Easy is a blend of Fry's and TJ- with a more community-like feel\n\nI really like their fresh-wild seafood like scallops and salmon"""""""
You know that hole-in-the-wall Mexican/Chinese/Italian/Indian/Etc place you love that has pretty solid food and reasonable prices, the people are friendly and the decor is...hole-in-the-wall?\n\nWell, add Aloha Kitchen to the list as your hole-in-the-wall Hawaiian place.  The are friendly, relatively fast, priced for the beer budget and quite tasty indeed.\n\nLike a ripe pineapple ready to be eaten, Aloha Kitchen, um, Aloha Kitchen...I really have no idea where to go with the pineapple setup there.  The whole pineapple thing just seemed apropos to the Hawaiian theme and, oh well.\n\nTry it, you'll like it.
I had a fantastic experience here today for lunch with 5 friends.  I got the Baja Chicken Sandwich, and it was delicious.  The veggies for the sandwich were fresh and the coleslaw was amazing.  The french fries that came with the sandwich, even though they were steak fries, were not soggy and their ranch was really good.  Some of my friends ordered breakfast which was also amazing looking, and they said it was fantastic.  The service was friendly and prompt, making it easier for all of us to enjoy our time together.  All in all great food and a great lunch out with friends!
This week was Arizona beer week and I was stopping by Taste of Tops to be a part of the celebratory activities and lo and behold, along the side of the adjacent liquor store, Tops, was this lovely little food truck, with a wide variety of hot dog and a number of other sausage options.\n\nMy food experience was rather significant because, and I have a dark secret to share with you oh fellow yelpers, even though I've lived in Phoenix for over a decade...never had a bacon wrapped hot dog. I know, crazy right? Well, I took care of that little third tier bucket list item this week and had one with mustard, chili, grilled onions, and some sauerkraut. I had it with bourbon barrel aged stout from Firestone Walker referred to as a Merkin (a subtle bit of humor, go google the definition of Merkin). The hot dog, thanks to its luscious pork belly wrapping stood up well to the strong flavored beer (which, it seems, I did not, based on how I felt the next morning).\n\nI give the truck 4 stars because one of the owners really took the time to explain the history of the business venture to me, the fact that there was not yet, too many yelp reviews of the truck and helped me find his business on yelp (Epic hot dog, not epic hotdog), where I unlocked a discount on a fries upgrade and so I ordered some of their fresh fries with chili, cheese and sliced jalapenos. I will say I think they should look at doing the twice fried french fries for a crispier texture, these seemed to be fresh sliced and fried once, so not bac but without the crispy, crunch texture of a twice fried french fry (you partially fry, let cool down, and then when you make an order, you fry them again). I know, food truck, so that may be too much, but something to consider.\n\nAll in all, nice to have a food truck experience in my area. :-)
Really good, clean tasting (even the fried dishes) Chinese.  The clientele can definitely trend toward snow birds occasionally, but it is definitely worth putting up with the surrounding conversations centering on what is going on in Boca, especially the exceptionally tender beef in the flavorful but not too greasy chow fun, which pairs particularly well with the Szechuan (sp?) garlic chicken and if you are looking for a sweet mildly spicy hit either the General Tso's chicken or the orange beef pairs well also: unfortunately, I have had a really hard time finding spicy chinese food in AZ, even when requesting extra spicy/adding chile oil as a condiment.  Their duck sauce tastes really fresh made, and their hot mustard is really well balanced, definitely give it a try even if it is not usually your favorite.\n\nOne nice feature that they have is their packaged meal deals, the Deluxe version is an absolute steal: for around $23 a person, you get your selection of soup (which I always get the sizzling rice soup, with good sized shrimp, big tender chunks of chicken in a nice rich clear broth with still slightly crispy veg and of course the crispy rice), 2 spare ribs, 1 egg roll, 1 beef on a stick, and one choice of a premium entree (lots of good choices, ranging from chunks of filet migion called steak kew to various other beef, shrimp and chicken dishes), and the nice part is the entire dinner scales up for however many people you have: I am a big guy, and this is more food than even I go for in a single sitting...
"""It was nice to know that there was a Neiman Marcus near where I stayed in AZ.\n\nIt was even nicer to know I met one of the coolest sales associates ever- Hank.  IT sucks that he lives in AZ and I live in GA- but thankfully I send him an email almost everyday to see how he is doing, and he does so in return.  \n\nThe Men's Store is on the bottom floor- and the cafe is right next to it.  I had 3 guys come up to me and see if I needed help- hell one guy even gave me some water and even chatted up about contacts in Atlanta.  But Hank stole the show, in fact I went back to see him 2 more times!\n\nFor being the only store in AZ (they do have a Last Call in Tempe, but they are totally different), it had a decent selection.  They do carry certain brands with larger sizes in- store (although you can order anything you see online in store and return in store if there are any issues, a big plus).\n\nThe only thing that prevented it from being 5 stars is I wish there were a few more things in stock- but as Hank put it, \it is not a Flagship store, like in TX, LA, and HI\"""".  Which is ok- I can just drool over the items and keep coming back asking if they have them in.\n\nIt's great to go shopping and have people bring yout items to the register for you, more room to fill up on :)\n\nIn the end, I did get a few things, and even better, I got to meet a bad-ass (Hank).\n\nDefinitely worth checking out- even if you do not plan on buying anything!"""""""
NEVER JUDGE A BOOK BUY IT'S COVER! \n\nThis place may look like a dive from the outside, however the wine burger is DA BOMB! \n\nHad the turkey burger w grilled onions & blu cheese 6.00 and a bowl of chili 2.75. The burger was unreal for not being beef. The chili was a 3 star, but who comes here for the chili? \n\nI have brought several friends here and they all say. It is the best they have ever had at a bar. You cannot go wrong with this place. Compare this place to a Carl's Jr. It will beat it hands down.\n\nIf your lucky enough to see the owner (Bill) you will feel like you have known him for years! He is a riot. Lol...\n\nThis place is like Cheers where everyone knows your name.....
Had their lettuce wraps - only complaint was they only give u 2 leafs of lettuces.  wth?  Had to ask for some more and got 2 more.. which actually was enough for the rest...\n\nThe sushi was good!  Not all sloppy, not a huge chunky slice, not too much rice - a lot more things can go wrong with sushi than people know.  Calamari was good, nice flavor in the batter, strips not rings.  \n\nI think I found my new sushi happy hour place!  Its great when you're between chinese food and sushi - you can get both at a reasonable price here!
The previous reviewers reviewed brunch and lunch- so I'll review dinner!\n\nCinco de Mayo brings craziness to Old Town Scottsdale and we popped in here to escape it.  (I think I was lured by the classic rock they were pumping out of the speakers...)  As soon as we walked in the bartender greeted us and we were seated with menus.  The decor and ambiance of the restaurant is great- beautiful glass and iron chandeliers and bright colors.  They have an amazing tequila list- no Cuervo here!- which my husband appreciated very much. \n\nWe had three tapas plates for dinner, which in some places wouldn't be enough to fill you up, but here it worked.  All three were fantastic, especially the Churassco. We also got the Shrimp Barbados and the Double Dip.  The crab fondue with the Double Dip was delicious, especially when eaten with the cucumbers.  The hummus as a little bit of a punch to it so be careful!  The prices were very reasonable for tapas and you can't beat $5 margaritas. \n\nI very much enjoyed Carumba Cafe and I definitely plan on returning.  I think the next trip may be for brunch....
One of my favorite spots to go to for good, cheap, and (usually) fast sushi. I usually always sit at the sushi bar, because this place can get busy at there regular tables. Usually when I'm in the mood for sushi, I go to this place. I love everything about it, the only couple times I havent enjoyed my sushi were when we had gotten a couple special rolls, which I can't even remember the name of those since they were so forgettable. Service is great, and our drinks are replenished rather quickly. My fiance and I can become stuffed with sushi for about $20 for the both of us.
I only give this place 4 stars because I am not sure who to compare it to. I have not branched out and found other convenient Pho places near me since I moved to the Valley 2 years ago. This place is right near my work, and I can get in and out for lunch in well under an hour. It is a 'mom and pop' place and the owners are always manning the register or serving the food. I like that. I have had both the chicken and the steak Pho, and the steak kind of turned me off. The beef looked very unsavory and didn't taste great, but the chicken is always good and never too dry. All in all, a good place to try.
"""What's in a name right? I heard Pita Jungle and thought of some 2nd rate mall food court dive in the back corner.. you know the one with the guy who has the really long armpit hair. A  trusted food blogger wrote a review about this place so I HAD to give it a try.\n\nWell to my surprise and honest delight this place didn't have one gnarly armpit to be found!! In fact this place is VERY sleek and sexy in its space.. the food super YUM-E! ((I do feel a little uncomfortable writing about food and armpits.. Im becoming far to self aware!)) The servers were all very attractive and their service very much fit the surroundings, clean, not rushed, comfortable and friendly.\n\nWhen I ordered the Medchilada the server warned me.. he said he had finished one barely and that I may not be able to.. I just looked at him and said \hello!\"""" with 2 hand motioning up and down the sides of my belly! With that he smiled and placed my order though I appreciated the warning. When it came it I was stunned.. he wasn't kidding.. this is THE BIGGEST thing on the menu.. HUGE! It came with the most tasty side of brown rice Ive had! There was so much chicken inside it was falling out the edges.. I sight to behold though not quite a sight when you saw me trying to eat the thing. Id like to say that I have an unhinging jaw but even this was far to thick to grab and take in. All for 10 bucks, oh yeah! \n\nOh yeah!!"""""""
The people that work here are always very friendly and helpful. It's a pretty small place, but they have a good selection of ASU stuff at decent prices. Great items always on sale. I got my dad a nice ASU Dad t-shirt for about $15 and a cute blouse for myself for 40% off.  \n\n2 hour free parking is available just north of this location in n open parking lot from 6 or 8 am - 6pm, I think Monday through Friday. Sorry, I've forgotten  the exact days and start time. \n\nThey also currently have stuff for the teams playing in the Insight Bowl.
Phoenix Sky Harbor is definitely the country's friendliest airport as they proclaim. Everything is well configured throughout the airport making for a smooth flow. Other travelers and airport personnel alike are always eager to help you in any way possible. The woman at the information desk was very nice in helping us find restaurants and getting us a baggage cart after we had landed, having had a couple hours to wait for my aunt's flight to get in from Minneapolis. Even the bus driver shuttling us to the rental car center (which is like an airport in itself in terms of size and shops and restaurants,) and the Budget staff were all nice and to liking about anything and everything, and of course, helping us with our luggage and car. On our return flight to San Francisco, the screener was very nice with a sense of humor which you have got to have. Thank you to the airport employee for directing us to Amazing and the wonderful saleswoman there who was nice; we talked a little about Arizona and San Francisco. So, for an excellent experience, Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport cannot be beat. I also like how they announce when you are coming to the beginnings and ends of escalaters and moving sidewalks, as well as which carousel to find baggage on the flights. Keep up the good work guys.! I am taking off a star because of the fact that you have to take a separate bus to go to the rental car center and for the immense noise at the curb which made it so hard to hear everyone.
Imagine Costco, without the membership fee and the Brady Bunch portion sizes, and that's WinCo. \n\nThe bulk food bins- raw almonds for $2.99 a pound is a great deal. 3 pork roasts for $10...that's pulled pork one night, souvlaki another night, and Hunan pork another, all without needing an extra refrigerator/freezer in your garage. The roast beef that's $3.99 a pound tastes like bologna, but they also offer the real deal for a few dollars more. Produce and dry goods are good quality and priced at a discount.\n\nYou won't keep as much of your take home pay on items like toilet paper, household cleaners or pet food as compared to WalMart or other supermarkets, but you will see the extra $$ on their grocery items. \n\nIt's not pretty, and there's no olive bar, but you will save major coin if you don't mind bagging your own groceries and not using a credit card. They have booze, too. Yay!
"""Yes, i am a huge fan of Gelato Spot. Just a short drive from my house. I love the coconut, pistachio and hazelnut. Ben loves the peanut butter, chocolate with peanut butter cups added in. I must say I would have given this 5 stars but out of over a dozen visits I have only had one nice counter person. That was on Tuesday night, May 5. A young woman was working with him as well and was very friendly. Also, the passion fruit sorbeto was paradise! \n\nOne visit a girl was incredibly rude to a guest by ignoring him just before serving me. All he wanted was a glass of water and she made him wait. I was so turned off. She actually said to me in front of the guest \some people don't know how to wait their turn\"""". I told her I didn't mind but she ignored my request as well. The next visit the young man seemed disgusted for guests to come in at 9:30 p.m. when they are open until 10 p.m. during the week. What else do you have to do for 30 minutes. I got the impression \""""my parents made me get a job\"""". Good luck with your future kiddo."""""""
Solid 4 stars for The Living Room. Places like this are hard to find in South Chandler. Very welcome change from the monotony of chain establishments in the area. Don't come here expecting authentic Bruschetta. The bread is much thicker cut, and does not have the flavor of a toasted french bread. If you can put that aside, the toppings are excellent. I had the proscuitto and brie pressed sandwich, an interesting synthesis of French and Italian staples. \n\nOverall the ambiance of The Living Room is what adds to the charm. Even on an early summer evening, sitting out on the patio is a great way to relax and catch up with your co-diners.
Okay had a good time food was good wife had the Prime rib plate for only $12.00 and I had the average chicken wings (24) for $18.00 but the Cosmo drinks was $13.00 each and my double Jack and Coke cost me $18.00 each with a 2 drink minimum and we were there drinking with friends for 3 hours my  bill reached $170.00 for the two of us to have a good time, not including the tickets. so if you can't afford those numbers drink your specialty drinks at home order a beer or a glass of wine.  \n\n* I was a bit shocked when I got the bill.... I guess that's why they gave me some free tickets to come back!
I must say, while this place is small, the good is great.  The menu is paper and thrown away after your order is taken.  I guess it's the experience, but seems to be a little wasteful.  On with the food, it was great.\n\nI started with the Posole soup, which was rich in pork, spicy and definitely filling.  The soup is served on top of a tortilla which was a great addition.  I didn't have too much knowing I still had my main course ahead.  The cabbage and radish were great neutralizers of the spice.\n\nFor the main dish, I had the Pork Chop Chorizo.  The pork chop was tender, juicy and well prepared.  The mango chutney sauce added complimented the pork very well.  Not much to say about the chorizo between the two slabs of chop.  I only went directly for the chorizo by itself once, because it tasted better in conjunction with the pork itself.  The side of veggies were grilled to perfection.  I totally forgot what the green chile potato (GCP) was and boy did I miss it.  I didn't finish it, but thoroughly enjoyed it as I was eating it.
I've lost money here more than a few times, but you can't base a review on how much money you lose because every casino would be ranked 0 stars! \n\nThis place is my go to casino when I was living in Gilbert. It's really easy to get to, my friends from Tempe can meet up here quickly as well, and I always feel like I'm in Vegas when I'm here with the upstairs club. \n\nUnlike it's neighbor which I also reviewed (Lone Butte Casino) this place its pretty large, has plenty of tables and things seems more spaced out. They also have a nice hotel attached, but I doubt I'll ever gamble enough here to earn a free room since it's the only time I'd ever stay in my own city at a hotel. \n\nProtip: Saturday nights are the best night for the club and you can make it a great night if you want to do some dancing/drinking/gambling and maybe an early dinner here as well.
"""Tempe Butte, also known as \A\"""" Mountain, is located next to Sun Devil Stadium and is accessible from either Rio Salado, Veterans Way or Mill Ave. While it doesn't take as long to walk/hike up as Camelback or Piestewa, it is nothing to scoff at. My husband and I quickly found out when we ventured over to \""""A\"""" Mountain a few weekends ago how deceiving it was! The walk up is pretty steep and will give your legs a great workout. At the steepest point, there are handrails to hold onto if you need them. There are two areas along the way to/from the summit with benches where you can stop and rest or just sit to enjoy the view. Off to the left before you get to the top, there is an area where you can sit on rocks to reflect, eat a snack, or rest before heading back down. Along the way up and at the top, there are nice views of Tempe and downtown Phoenix, but not as spectacular as the ones you can find at the summits of Camelback or Piestewa.\n\n\""""A\"""" Mountain seems popular with walkers/runners who make a few trips up and down the trails to get an extra good workout in. It's also a good place to bring a dog for a walk (Sophie quite enjoyed herself when we took her) and there are doggy bags conveniently located at the trailheads. Parking is easy and there are a few light rail stations nearby."""""""
"""Fun, unique selection of delicious food that you'll find nowhere else in town, great selection of cold beers, cozy dark atmosphere, friendly staff. Not sure why people are saying it's in a sketchy neighborhood -- I think the worst thing that will happen to you is you might get asked for spare change in the parking lot, but trust me, you are perfectly safe coming here. Can't speak to the \authenticity\"""" of these pasties, but they sure are good, and I love that there's such a variety of flavors/textures to try.\n\nI'm sad I discovered this place right before I moved out of state."""""""
We were looking for a brunch spot after church Sunday and of course, thanks to the great # of reviews via Yelp... my brother, hubby and I headed to TC Eggington's. There was a line but the wait was about 15 minutes. \n\nThe menu includes a variety of omelets, french toast, pancakes, sandwiches and pitas. They offer fresh juice and the waiter said their current special was a pumpkin latte. I normally would have ordered a latte but I already had my coffee fix so I passed. \n\nI ordered a vegetable omelet, my brother ordered a pita sandwich and my hubs ordered blueberry pancakes. The pancakes were HUGE! My omelet was substituted with egg whites and mixed with fresh veggies. They also have 3 different jam options on the table. (It's not freshly made jam though)\n\nThe bathrooms are interesting. The woman's is completely separated from the men's room. And they even have an old-fashioned phone in the middle for customers to use. (Although most people I assume have a cell phone now)\n\nService was great no complaints.
Oh, how I missed the tofu soup and bulgogi combo in this cold weather.  The best combo deal you will find in a Korean Restaurant.  They have excellent dishes that will warm your body and your tummy.   My other favorites are bibmbap in the hot stone pot,  Korean BBQ, Chap Chae,  Sul Lung Tang, Mandoo Gook, Katsu plate (huge), and seafood pancake ( it should be an entree instead of an appetizer).  They offer excellent lunch specials for less than $6.00.
This place kind of rocks a whole lot. They give you as much free delicious and warm bread as you want with balsamic. My brother had them cater his wedding and the food was quite good. I went there last night for my mom's birthday and the food was equally good. I got the pasta rustico and it was tasty, but would benefit from some basil or something. The BF had the turkey sandwich and it tasted very fresh which was good. My mom had the chicken in creamy garlic sauce with pesto added and it was delicious! So rich, but so tasty. Everyone enjoyed their food and the service was great. I'll definitely be back here again.
"""I was so excited when I saw that a Sprouts was opening right down the street. So of course my boyfriend and I went to the grand opening! It was basically chaos in there but  it was clean, well organized and lots of staff were on hand to help everyone find exactly what they needed! We ended up buying some sushi, bulk granola and some other odds and ends. The granola was seriously wonderful.\n The only downfall is all of the screaming children, and the children not being controlled by their parents, ick it made me anxious. When we checked out there was seriously like 20+ people in each line but they had, \line bouncers\"""", to make sure people weren't cutting or anything and they efficiently got us through the line quickly! Plus we got a free reusable sprouts bag!  I will defiantly be a frequent shopper at Sprouts!"""""""
We had a really lovely meal here to celebrate a friend's birthday.  I had never been to a Flemings, but I was impressed with the meat.  The price tag matches the quality, but then I feel like there is no reason to ever eat bad steak.  I actually had the scallops, my reservations in ordering steak came from a dining companion who told me Flemings was owned by the same people as Outback.  Then I tried my husband's ribeye.  Yum... perfect in every way.  The atmosphere is exactly what you want in a steakhouse, dark, cozy, a little bit of sex-appeal.  We sat next to the wine room, which I thought was a little awkward placement for a group of seven.  But maybe that was because we had made a last-minute reservation.  I would say Flemings is a great choice for a celebration or an intimate date.
Cute decor-who doesn't like IKEA? Attentive service. We ordered a couple beers and the sweet potato tots. I decided on the Ahi burger and the veggie burger, and my sister went with the two sandwiches: PBnJ and the grilled cheese. Everything was delicious!!!! Unfortunately for us we arrived about 30 min prior to happy hour, but we managed to get a couple beers at the $3 happy hour price. \n\nI've been here once before and since then it looks like they added a few items to the menu. I'll have to go back to try the shrimp po-boy and the red snapper burger!
My friend and I were leaving Ernie's, and my friend said something about always wanting to try the Dogg. So in we went. No cover, and a handy tub o' bottled beer right outside the door. We snagged a couple Coronas & lime ($7.50) and walked into the steaming interior. It is hot in here, folks, but not like ick hot. It's hot from the crowd of people crammed into a smallish structure, pressing against the bar, barking drink orders at smokin hot bartenders in skimpy tanks and spankies. People are filling the booths, sitting on top of the booths, milling around a covered pool table and basically making the place a maze. Looking up, the exposed rafters were just covered in probably thousands of bras. It was... awesome. Great music- a little Crue, a little Ludacris, you get the idea - and a Babe's-a-vu moment when the bartending chicks dance on the bar, swinging from the rafters and accepting tips in those spankies. I'm going to have to go again, and take the hubby along. He may not appreciate some of the wannabe Coyote Ugly patrons who get up to dance, but I'm sure watching a chick hula-hoop while hanging upside down (omg, those abs are to DIE) will make it worth the trip for him. Tee hee.
"""You will absolutely miss this place if you're not looking for it, or not stopped in traffic.  Country Club Drive is a racetrack at this point, and this store is in a nondescript building with only a small mailbox on the curbside to denote its existence.\n\nInside you'll find items for the 6-year-old boy you still are, or the 4-year-old boy whose birthday party you are shopping for.  The selections here are pricier than you may find at WalMart, but I think they get enough of my money and I prefer to keep the local shops open.  Don't you?\n\nThe clientele here is uniformly older gentlemen and younger moms.  The older gentlemen are presumably retired and have time to work on model trains, or to reminisce on the years when train travel was THE way to travel.  (Although our \friends\"""" at TSA are hell-bent on bringing that era back to us!)  The younger moms are picking clean the selection of children's train toys.  It makes for a neat little environment, and the cats running around the store just add to the charm.\n\nThere used to be trains running on overhead tracks inside the store which would enthrall the kids.  They have not been running the past few times I've been in there, although the overhead track appears to still be there.  If they don't return it would be a shame as the kids really did get a kick out of them.\n\nAs Grandpa Mustache once said, \""""You'll shut 'em up with trains.\""""  He also said \""""trains made this country great, and now that they're gone, everything stinks.\""""  He also said some pretty weird things about the moon and Calvin Coolidge, but I'm pretty sure he was off his medication at the time, the poor soul.  Anyhow, the part before all the craziness is true, you really will shut 'em up with trains.  And the train table provided inside the store will both clue you in to what sort of train-related device the kids like, and will give you a moment's peace with which to find said train-related device.  Brilliant."""""""
fabulous food, great price. The ladies who make the food and bring it out are sweet and wonderful people who make me feel like i'm at their house instead of at a restaurant.  If i could change anything it would be the guys at the front- the older gentleman chews tobacco while he's talking to you and sometimes spits, and the younger one- I guess his son- has a serious lack of people skills but i'll put up with both for the goodies that come out of that kitchen- try the vada paav or the gol guppa chaat....yum.
I love this place! We grew up at the Y in south FL, and my son is getting involved, too. It is definitely pricier than most gyms but you are supporting a place that doubles as a community center and place you can bring your kids! They have group fitness class, a huge pool, and swim lessons (my son goes every summer), a place you can drop the kids off when you're working out, a rec room, trainers, basketball, and all kinds of things. The smoothie bar and wi-fi is cool too (I wouldn't go there to work necessarily, but if you need it it's there)! \n\nThe swim lessons are what we do most  and we really enjoy them. The classes have gotten pretty big but its a nice pool and a great instructor. Really love it here :D
"""Experience is the key word for me, when describing R+D. \n\nIt's not often you wait in a dark alley to go someplace swanky. Once called, up you get a briefing and an Inquisition: \been here before? familiar with the rules? any food allergies?\""""\n\nYou get directed to your spot. Intimate as you want it to be... make eye contact and someone may ask you about your drink -- or tell you about theirs. Don't make eye contact and you'll be left alone.\n\nYou must order from the menu. No tweaking (i.e. club soda instead of tonic is NOT an option).\n\nEach cocktail is hand crafted and takes 3-10 minutes just to MAKE. Some are performances in them self! Dramatic flaming tequila falls; bubbling \""""gin\"""" being distilled before your very eyes, complete with a lesson on the history of gin. \n\nPrices range from $11 - $18/drink.\n\nA very unique special occasion experience!"""""""
Visited with family for Christmas Eve Dinner.  Food is very good, though note that entr\u00e9es are served with nominal pairings and you have to order family style sides.\n\nNoise level was a little high, but nothing unbearable.  Food quality was excellent and all the selected meats and fish were cooked to perfection.  My sister and her fianc\u00e9 thoroughly enjoyed the wine selections.  The American Wagyu was exceptional-- with that level of marbling, don't hesitate to opt for it cooked medium, if that's your preference.  The fries cooked with truffle oil was recommended and it was tasty, but not exceptional..\n\nWait staff was very good.  However, there were some long periods where we went low on bread and drinks.  \n\nOverall: Great food; Not a great value; Good waitstaff experience; Nice decor; Would eat at again on special occasions.
No, this is not Austin-Bergstrom with its clean, beautiful terminals and new-car scent.  No, it's not SFO with its classical entrance, singingly busy hallways, and cool aura.  It is, however, one of the most efficient airports in the country, especially considering the daily flight volume.\n\nI agree that PHX needs a makeover in places, but terminal four's D Gates are nice and new (and thankfully where I fly in/from each time) and the rest of the airport is far nicer than disrepair.\n\nI have never experienced major traffic issues here, and although parking is a pain with lizards and birds running you from place to place, it's certainly manageable if you simply pay attention.  \n\nI've never experienced a long delay as I have in Denver and San Francisco, and the turbulence is only kind of scary in the summer when its 193 degrees outside.
Went to Raul and Theresa's last night on our search for the best mexican in Phoenix and we were not disappointed. We ordered a pitcher of strawberry margaritas for 15 bucks and both mom and I each had 3. That means there's 6 servings in the pitcher. I love that!\n\nThe food came quickly and the waitress and hostess were both very friendly. We would return without a doubt. The servings were huge! You get a bit plate of food so bring your appetite!\n\nThe only downfall I would say would be that the chips don't seem to be fresh with the chips and salsa before dinner. They weren't the best but I don't expect much when it comes to that stuff. The salsa was wonderful though!\n\nWill return and also bring company when they are in town.
I have been here a many times, and am pleased with the selection that they have to offer.  Mostly clothing for men, women and children, along with a nice household selection.\n\nStuff here that I have found is usable, in good condition, and cheap!  Located close to the I-10 expressway, visible from the road!  Not much for furniture here, but I think it makes up for that in regards to thier other merchandise.  I don't go here as often as I would like, but I reccomend for any looking for anything decent and affordable.
Went here today to try the brunch and was not disappointed!!  Was with two other friends and we split the large, warm delicious cinnamon roll. (We got that comped for mentioning Twitter there), very nice!!\n           We all ended up choosing the pancakes infused with dark chocolate, drizzled in olive oil and topped with rasperries and creme on the side. Heavenly, is all I can say!! I`m rather embarrased to admit that when I was asked what my dinner meal was a month ago, I couldn`t remember! (Being in the middle of nursing school does that! I can`t even remember the awesome meal I had at FnB!) So forgiveme St. Francis, for I truly will be back for more! And they lave live jazz on the patio Sundays from 10-3.
So I have been in search of a place to watch Football and Basketball...As I am a Fanatic! I am honestly tired of the same old Native and chain sports bars. \n\nSo my friend and I were planning on watching the Suns game last Monday, and I went to yelp in search of a place to try. I read the reviews on Hail Mary's, and wasn't completely convinced..but I decided to try it.\n\nNow, I am sold! First off, it is extremely comfortable, you walk in and get to decided where you want to sit. The bar area is nice, kind of small, but very nice! The main room had many booths (my personal favorite) and tables. TV's were everywhere, it would be hard to find a bad view. They are great about changing your tv to what you want to watch!  As well as most of the booths have a tv at the head of the table.\n\nThey have amazing happy hour specials, Monday-Friday 4-7pm, many different items are only $.99! The pork tacos are amazing, Cajun Fries (yum, spicy too) and Rippers (do you know that those are? SO Tasty!) You just can't beat $.99!\n\nI have now been 3 times, I did mention I was a sports Fanatic, right? And it hasn't been crazy busy, but there are people. Service is always good! \n\nI highly recommend this place! Especially during happy hour!
You can't go into places like these looking for something specific.  It's the nordstrom rack of nordstrom racks.  There are GREAT deals and a ton of crap.\n\nSocks/tights for $1.  Tank tops for 2-3.  COLE HAAN SHOES FOR 13. CHARLES DAVID SHOES FOR 15.  Sorry, I had to caps those because that's just ridiculous!!! \n\nI think the shoes is probably the best bet with everything. Most seemed to be in pretty good condition and were pretty well organized and easy to sort through... Racks of clothing can be hard and there's lots of stuff with holes, marks, discolorations...\n\nEither way, I'm glad I finally stopped by this place.  Been meaning to for the past couple years and I walked away with 2 pairs of shoes, 7 tank tops, a shirt, 5 pairs of socks/tights and underwear for under 60 bucks.
Want to eat in Chinatown?   Well, you're in luck, Nee house is a little  Chinatown eatery situated in North Phoenix.  \nI was a bit suprised to find a place like this next to an Ace hardware in a strip mall, but as luck would have it I walked in and was impressed.  Their menu is some Americanized Chinese fare but hidden in there are some very Chinese dishes harking from Cantonese and Schezuan roots.  The also offer some northern dishes like Peking duck (a must have in Oakland's Chinatown).  \nI would absolutely eat here again.  I hope this little gem stays in business to service my Peking duck cravings for many years to come.
It was the best of times, for I was surrounded by my friends.\nIt was the worst of times, for I was unable to eat solid food the next day.\nIt was the age of wisdom, for we were at the conference to be enlightened by our fellows.\nIt was the age of foolishness, for we drank 5 bottles of Veuve.\nIt was the epoch of belief, for we were confident in the correctness of our decision to drink until 3 a.m.\nIt was the epoch of incredulity, because, cmon, we REALLY drank 5 bottles of Veuve?  Yikes!\nIt was the season of Light, for it is in the Valley of the Sun and I played golf twice and only got burned a little.\nIt was the season of Darkness, because after drinking Veuve until 3 a.m., you need a dark room in which to consider what you have done.\nIt was the spring of hope, for April is spring, and we were hopeful that the party would go well.\nIt was the winter of despair, for after 3 short days, we all headed our own ways, our paths not to cross again for many months.\nWe had everything before us, for we are kinda young, mostly awesome, and totally brilliant.\nWe had nothing before us, for we stripped to our skivvies to sit in a private hot tub at 2 a.m.\nWe were all going direct to heaven, and our present setting was a reasonable approximation of that destination.\nWe were all going direct the other way, because, really, sitting in a coed hot tub in your skivvies?\nIn short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.  And the experience always has been, and was, and will be, so superlative that there is little other way to describe the experience except by relation to the others.\n\nThese are my friends.  That I have such friends paints a better picture of me than I could ever hope for.  That I get to see them so seldom paints a bleaker picture than I would choose.  Almost, one might say, a Dickensian picture.  I hope he will forgive me for this.
I have to say I was pleasantly surprised with this place. I went in there with a friend of mine and right off the bat, the staff was friendly. Now I have been to the Vig on 40th and have always liked that place but we decided to try the new Vig spot out. I ordered the Turkey sandwich and my friend ordered  the Classic Ceasar. food was great but the drinks are always the best at 40th so i figured this place would be no different. I decided to order the 40th street special called Breakfast in Manhattan. Turned out they did not have any bacon for the drink there at the moment. no biggy but what made the issue much better is that the bartender came over to our table and apologized personally for not having the ingredients and made me another drink on the house.. what, free booze.. umm SCORE.. had to pay for the rest but that kinda service makes for a GREAT experience and a hell of a first impression on me. this place is a bit of a ways from me since I live in Tempe but have gone back for more and will keep going back anytime I am in the neighborhood... got my vote
In lieu of my ongoing scrapbooking addiction, I am always on the prowl for new and exciting places to shop. I heard about this place a while back, and finally made it up to check this place out. \n\nIts located off the Greenway-Hayden loop and Frank Lloyd Wright blvd in Scottsdale in a business type complex. its not your typical shopping mall store, and if you didn't know it was there, would probably never drive by it. \n\nI checked the website out, and its a nice site. Hours, location, classes, etc. They have a nice selection of stamping stuff, stickers, and scrapbooking supplies to make any scrapper or stamper happy. its not the biggest store, but definitely carries quality supplies. They offer classes and workshops, which is standard for most places these days. \n\nSomething I noticed about this place was they didn't seem to have a Saturday night crop....only Friday night crops. That's surprising to me as most scrapbook, okay, all the scrapbook stores I know do Friday AND Saturday night crops. I'm not sure why they would do that, as most of these classes are very popular. That's something that's a bit of a turnoff to me as I enjoy going to weekend crops, especially during the holiday season to get caught up on my own stuff, AND do other projects as well. \n\nAlso they have a lab upstairs here. I don't know how that works with getting supplies, but for as cool as it is, I don't know that climbing stairs 700 times to get supplies really excites me. I know its out of their control, as its not a custom built location for them, BUT it could pose issues to those who may have walking issues or whatnot. For me, its more of a general observation and could be a problem for others. \n\nOverall, I enjoyed my time here, and will likely return for supplies in the future!
I love The Orange Table. Their food is fresh, not run-of-the-mill, and delicious.  Decent prices, too. \n\nThe service is spotty, at best.  If you go in with a sense of humor and some time to kill, you'll be fine. If you're like so many of the Scottsdale crowd, or an impatient tourist, best to go elsewhere.  \n\nBut their management lately has really been falling down. The espresso machine was down for days. Get it fixed!! They run out of soy milk a lot lately.  Someone is not paying attention here.
There are times i wish we had a Thaitown or there was a cluster of really good Thai restaurants within a 5 mile drive of me but sadly most Thai places in metro Phoenix are just not that good with exception of a few gems. One gem is Thai Elephant. This review is based solely on the service I received ordering take out and the food itself.\n\nI'm usually against ordering take out at a new establishment simply because it doesn't allow you to properly judge the place. Some places food just don't do well with takeout... like dim sum. So it's best to try out a place to get the full taste before coming back to take out home. Thai Elephant proved that its food was take out capable. It's been cold lately so I had a hankering for some curry to warm me up. I was ordering enough food for three people. I ordered some Tom Kha (coconut based soup), a seafood yellow curry, a chicken panang curry (red curry) and some Tofu Pad Pik King (stir fry green bean, bell pepper and spicy chili paste). The three entrees were all ordered HOT, and the Tom Kha was Thai HOT.\n\nTake out service was usual, was given a menu to peruse, the hostess was patient and answered my questions and gave recommendations. The overall appearance of the restaurant was that it was somewhat largish, and tastefully decorated. This is not dirty kitchen Thai in anyway unlike the really good ones in Thaitown but the menu was quite extensive and prices were moderate too. \n\nFood-wise this is one of the better Thai restaurants around. The yellow curry was delicious, I couldn't get enough of it, I kept on slurping the sauce. The Tom Kha was excellent that they did not kid with the spicy factor, loved it! It wasn't salty, no msg used, and the ingredients were fresh! My parents are hard to please when it comes to Thai especially since many of their close friends are Thai so they know what Thai food should taste like, so to hear them tell me that they want to buy from Thai Elephant in the future is proof of how they liked it. \n\nOverall, Thai Elephant is a winner and a place that I'd like to come back to and have dinner at with friends. I loved what I ordered and I'm sure whoever I'm with, will too! If you're ever in Tempe, I recommend you stop by Thai Elephant if you're ever craving Thai cuisine!
totally amazing. blew my local froyo joint out of the water.\n\nthe ability to sample any yogurt before you commit to one (or two, or three...) is fantastic. i tried the peanut butter, coconut, and red velvet cupcake batter before i settled on the last two. topped with mochi, dark chocolate chips, and sprinkles - YUM! i died and went to heaven.\n\nmy only complaint is that the whole place is kind of a clusterf*%k. if it's your first time there, and you walk in, you have no clue what to do. people are standing in the yogurt area, waiting for the person in front of them to attempt to work the machine, or sample 18 different flavors. it's completely unorganized and frustrating, too many people in one space, invading my personal space. i knocked one star off just for the lack of organization and lack of directions for newcomers upon arrival. the strawberry water that is served is a nice touch, though :)
Hello Drybar and THANK YOU Stephanie! I heard about Drybar in NYC, and was able to experience it here in Scottsdale. If you like to be pampered and get sick of doing your own hair this is the place for you! Walk in, check in, minimal wait, and greeted by friendly Stephanie. I received the wash, scalp massage, and was on my way to a fantastic hair-do on a Saturday night. You pick from a book the style you wish, and they do their magic. \n\nI wasn't offered a beverage, but confirmed with the receptionist I should have been. So, don't miss out on your complimentary champagne. \n\nI will be back, and think it would make an awesome and different gift for friends and family. \n\nPS - The only annoying part is the misters outside the store which could potentially ruin your hair!!
Late on a Friday night and most places either closing at 9 or so packed the chance of a nice date evening would be smushed against implants or puffed ex-frat boy biceps-what to do?\n\nSushi Eye is open till 10pm and like a ten minute ride away? Lets do it.\n\nWe found the place easy enough and it has ample parking. The inside definitely felt more like a lunch place and was surprisingly empty (probably due to holidays more than deliciousness). We opted for the sushi bar so the crew could get going home and we would get fast service to continue the rest of our night plans. I used to have sushi like twice a week, but since moving to a landlocked place just haven't had a desire to past the local Whole Foods lunch counter.\n\nWe ordered the Hamachi (Yellow Tail), Crispy California Roll and Dragon Roll...and holy shit, was it DELISH. The Yellow Tail worked as a nice palatte cleanser with all the warm outer goodness, but all I can say is, PERFECT. The miso soup at a buck fiddy was also perfect.\n\nThe beer was reasonably priced, ample NONPINK ginger, light Kikomo, and the chefs were super nice. The waitstaff left a lot to be desired considering we were one of three tables and it really pissed me off after more than ten minutes of waiting and had to stand up and ask someone to take our order-that just ain't right. But that didn't detract from the simple cool-ness and quality of our sushi-our bill came out to just under 40 bucks, but they have plenty of lunch and dinner specials I cannot wait to sucker people into attending!
Back in Phoenix visiting friends and we went to T. Cook's.\n\nThe grounds of the Royal Palms and the bar and dining room of T. Cooks are as beautiful as ever. I used to tell my friends to take their dates to T. Cooks, if only because the lighting and atmosphere will make everyone seem better looking. It's still true. The service is still great, too. Warm, informed and attentive without being overly familiar.\n\nBut when T. Cook's opened about 10 years ago, the food was over-the-top special. I used to go there fairly often, and it was always flawless. Maybe it's unfair to expect so much from them all the time, but it's billed as a special place, and with appetizers, entrees, wine and dessert, you're easily over a hundred bucks a head before tax and tip.\n\n We just ate dinner there a couple nights ago, and we really enjoyed it with no regrets, but the food was not as memorable as it once was. One of the pricier items on the menu -- the foie gras -- was actually kind of bland. I regret ordering it, and not just because it's politically incorrect. Everything else was delicious. Great, very broad wine list, and the desserts are still phenomenal.\n\nI still love T. Cook's. It hasn't changed enough to keep me from going back -- not by a long shot -- but a little bit of the luster is gone.
"""Note: This review is from a \take-out\"""" perspective\n\nShanghai Club is a little Asian place in the middle of nowhere (the locals call it Anthem) but it is worth the drive.  Also I like the name because it makes me feel like I'm part of the club, I've always wanted to fit in.  I have gotten take out twice now, sampled a variety of dishes, and have made up my mind.\n\nI like the Shanghai Club.\n\nThe food preparation is very fast.  I call them, place my order, and then drive right over and pick it up.  All in all about 10-15min process.  The lunch specials are cheap and tasty.  The price ranges from $6.50 to $7.50 and you get a good amount of food and rice.  You can order from the lunch menu every day till 3pm.\n\nThe chicken is a lot like the NHL, all white.  Unlike the NHL though it's warm and doesn't bore me.  I would also promote the Sha Cha Beef if that is more of your thing.  They say it's spicy, but I personally tasted only a very mild kick.  Oh and their soups are huge.  The wonton soup was a meal in of itself."""""""
"""Dive bar for sure but in a good way. Plenty of room so you don't have to sit near anyone you don't want to. Great deals during happy hour...pitcher of beer for $6.75 and a \cooler insert\"""" to keep it cold. Live music for free on the Friday night we were there. Bartender was attentive and friendly without being intrusive. They don't have much for food but the little 12\"""" pizza we got for a snack wasn't bad. A sign in the restroom said they have happy hour prices during games (I assume footbal due to the time of year). I can think of some friends who I will bring back to this establishment who would appreciate it."""""""
"""I'd really love to support the little mom and pop neighborhood beer and wine shop (I guess that would Sportsman's?) but it's kind of hard when they charge a lot and have a pretty mediocre beer selection. Then Total Wine opened up a location at 16th and Camelback, and I haven't been back to Sportsman's since.\n\nTotal Wine is sort of like Target to BevMo's Walmart. The design is nicer, and in my opinion the selection is better. The beer aisle is long and glorious. They've got nearly everything distributed in the Phoenix area, a selection which has exploded since we moved here three years ago. I used to have to drive out to Sun Devil Liquor in Mesa to find a decent beer selection. Now it's just a mile away. When I saw the \Coming Soon: Total Wine\"""" sign a couple years ago, I let out a yelp of gladness. Good riddance, Circuit City.\n\nThere are only two problems with Total Wine:\n\n1) I still far prefer Trader Joe's when it comes to decently-priced, drinkable wine. Total Wine should add an under $10 selection culled from their wine expert's favorites. The last $6 bottle we grabbed from TW was, frankly, pretty awful. We didn't even finish it, which takes a lot in our household. (To be fair, it was a Pinot Noir, and $6 is unspeakably cheap when it comes to Pinots. We should've known.)\n\n2) There is one employee, a middle aged woman, who is really, really rude, and has been in every exchange we've ever had with her, even if it was watching her deal with another customer. After about the 7th or 8th time of dealing with her weird power trips, we complained to the manager. Everyone else at this location is excellent, so just hope you don't get her."""""""
"""Oh the Dilly..... as my frineds and I like to call it. It is your quintessential neighborhood/hole in the wall bar. Very simple, located in a strip mall that has been around for centuries it seems, long bar along one side, juke box that screams \play me,\"""" shuffle board and the oh so wonderful regulars that you will find sitting at their designated places at the bar. \n\nThe drinks are cheap, the TVs work and the people are friendly. I dig it!"""""""
Last night I went to RTO's to watch the boxing match.  They have plenty of tv's and a good crowd for the fights.  I got my favorite thing there the southwest egg rolls.  They are just amazing.  Chicken, black beans, corn, spinach, jalapenos & pepper jack cheese stuffed into a crunchy egg roll wrapper with this amazing chipolte ranch to dip them in.  I honestly could eat 2 or 3 orders of them.  The service was great always had a full beer and was checked on frequently which was nice for how crowded it was.
I have no idea why it took me so long to get to this place!! Such a chill vibe with funky music to talk with a friend or significant other to for hours.\n\nAfter eating at Sens around the corner (which is FAB BTW) my boyfriend took me to Rum Bar, as he'd been raving about their drinks for quite some time. The bar is separated from the restaurant by a small wall but both are quaint and cozy.\n\nThe drink list hosted many unique offerings. We ordered a vanilla mojito and then our favorite, a Dark & Stormy (ginger beer with Gosling's rum). Oh my God....the best mojito I have ever had. A little on the sweet side but such a unique flavor with quality vanilla extract in it. I can't wait to come back and try the food!
"""Confections? Check.\nIce Cream? Check.\nCoffee drinks? Check.\nBaked goods? Check.\nCandy coated coffee flavored ice cream stuffed baked goods...? \nWell, yeah.  Check!\n\nWe'd actually eaten our Z Pizza slices from next door/room at a table in the Pink Spot's space, mostly because the tables are much bigger and little Claire was elated and engaged with playing some of the board games available therein. (Mind you, her rules for checkers equated to \I win, Mikey loses\"""", but I played anyhow, having not seen her in such a long time.)\n\nAfter our pizza dinner, as we sat there catching up on Yelpiness, SBCness, Bay Area-ness, Lynn and I sipped away at Pumpkin Spice Lattes while Claire enjoyed a scoop of Cotton Candy Ice Cream...\n\nIts a cute place and a sweet-tooth's playland. Just as well, the place is perfectly suited for collegiate or studious crowd with bright lights, comfortable lounge chairs, roomy tables, and open wi-fi.  Plus, if the mountainous availability of sugar and caffeine doesn't do it for you, there's a pizza joint attached next door.\n\nIf there were a wicked witch hiding in the back, awaiting an unwitting Hansel and Gretel, I woudn't be surprised; the stock and wares venture in almost every sweet direction, not specializing or capitalizing on any one sugary thing. Before leaving, I picked up a few things for dear Lynn and Claire as well as my gracious hosts back at the apartment.\n\nIce Cream Cookie Sandwiches.  \nFrozen Chocolate Dipped Cheesecakes.  \nPints of Coffee Ice Cream. \nOh my oh my oh my!\n_________________________________\nThey had \""""The Pink Spot\"""" tees, tanks, and trucker hats.\nAlmost bought something for the bestie, but opted not to.\nShe said she would have gotten a kick out of it. Next time..."""""""
Now that it's cooling down, I'll be heading back to Maizie's!   Summertime heat practically requires eating inside where it is just way too cramped and noisy (all those hard surfaces reflect every little sound).  But the patio is oh so lovely in the fall, winter and spring!   Love the Tuesday night pizza specials, the stuffed burgers, sweet potato fries, and every dessert I've tried has been superb (and even a bit too large!)   Service is always friendly and prompt, water glasses always refilled, happy hour specials are a great deal, large and tasty!    Like them on Facebook and get (seemingly) daily updates on specials!   Love Maizie's!
Food is whatevers, drinks the same. However, this DnB compared to the one in Tempe is much better if your'e really just interested in getting some game time in. The on at Tempe Marketplace is crazy busy, like 11 people waiting in line to play basketball crazy. When I go to an arcade and am already dropping 20+ bucks to play games I want that gaming experience to be nonstop. However, the drive is really far for someone that lives in Gilbert... so that's really the only reason why it gets a 4 star.
"""The Stone Rose at the Fairmont Princess is the 5th Gerber Group lounge I've been to.  I used to frequent one all the time in Boston and I was just at the Stone Rose in NY last month.  The inside part of the bar looks pretty much just like every other Gerber lounge.  There is actually more light in there than the others.  The menu is exactly the same and just like the other locations, the bartenders here can't make a good mojito.  And because they are mainly based in NY and LA expect NY and LA prices. \n\nWhat makes this particular lounge different is the large outside bar.  Well, I suppose the Whiskey in Vegas has that too but there is an overwhelming \resort\"""" feel here that you don't get at the other locations.  They are clearly nightspots.  This is clearly a resort bar.  Not that there is anything wrong with that, but you can expect to see kids in pj's hanging out. Then you have people who are there for weddings so they are dressed for that....and you have your tourists in plaid shorts and Tevas.  So it ends up being an interesting mix. Also, because of the resort feel the music isn't quite the same, its more laid back.  \n\nThe service is super friendly which is always appreciated.  In North Scottsdale where the nightlife options are few its a good choice for a relaxing lounge."""""""
La Bocca - I've got a bit of a love-hate thing going for you. I love your classy, trendy decor - romantic lighting, dark colors, interesting art and wall treatments, and very comfy chairs and couches. I hate how crazy busy you can be, with so many others calling for your attention, slowing down my service and forcing me to yell during conversation. I love your wine list - lots of great choices (some good beers too), good happy hour and reverse happy hour specials, and 1/2-off bottles of wine on Sundays/Mondays. I hate how you treat me sometimes - you barely greet me when I sit down, you make me wait for my delicious drinks, and you forget what I ordered. I love your food - the olives are divine (and local), the goat cheese and pear salad is perfectly dressed with a perfect combination of sweet and salty, and the bruschetta boards have great variety and great ingredients (my favorites are the prosciutto & fig, and the salmon & capers). But I also hate your food - I'm sorry, but I do not like that your 'chewy' crust covers 2/3 of the pizza. It's just not right - I deserve more toppings than that. Last time you gave me a total of 4 truffled mushrooms, a smattering of spinach leaves, and WAY too much crust (and believe me, I love crust). My pizza was soggy in the middle, and it was even soggier last time when you brought me the sicily pizza. You leave me feeling disappointed; I thought you said you'd bring me the best. \n \nAlas, La Bocca, I love you, and I hate you, but ultimately I always come back. Your charm is irresistible, even if you don't give me your best all of the time. I love your food enough and your wine more. Your specials keep me interested, and my hope for delicious pizza on Mill keeps me hooked.  You're great for a tasty meal and a fun night out - you're sassy and I like it.
Yeah, these guys know their coffee! Tucked away in this little obscure strip mall about a stone's throw from my house. I had avoided going there because they used to put this mannequin matador out in front of their place. It was sun damaged, kinda creepy and just BAD in so many ways. I know, I shouldn't be such a branding/marketing snob but it was just creepy, I'm serious!\n\nThat said, they have since removed said matador and we decided to give it a try. Yes, we should have gone way before!! Exceptional coffee and an awesome omelette later, I was completely kicking myself for not trying it sooner.
Eating healthy and eating out very rarely mesh well together. If presented with the choice of something like a 'Prime Rib Sandwich with Garlic Shoestring Fries' or a 'Roasted Chicken Salad'...there are very few people who would pick the salad over the sandwich under their own free will (excluding people who are under the influence of the newest greatest dieting trend). \n\nMy girl and I try to eat healthy...we'll avoid anything that's too over the top; and we strive to find places that focus on being fresh and not overly greasy. That being said, there are limited choices when looking for establishments that cook up low fat food that doesn't taste like old cardboard. \n\nNourish is definitely going for that niche...the health conscious foodie. In addition they offer pretty extensive options for people on Gluten free diets and Vegans. Don't get scared away though, there's still plenty of options for the rest of us. We tried a few things here; the burger and the tenderloin grilled cheese sandwich. Both don't sound healthy, so I know I'm going against everything I just said about the place; but both meals were very fresh tasting and had zero grease or fat; the food tasted healthy...there's an obvious difference in the type of lean meat used and in the cooking process if you were to compare it to a normal burger at a place like Chilis. It's like night and day. Also their sweet potato fries were quite tasty and were cooked in some way I don't completely understand (air popped?). \n\nAll this being said...the food didn't knock our socks off, but it was good for what it was...and for being on the healthier side, I can forgive it a bit. It was a perfectly good meal, and we felt great afterwards...that's more than I can say about a lot of other places we've left bloated and greased out from.\n\nOne quick downside to mention is the parking. It's pretty confusing. If you can find the entrance to the underground parking you have to pretty much sprial around this maze of parking spots looking for a 'guest spot', and once you find one you'll have to navigate through the Optima Condo area looking for Nourish...I'm still not quite sure how to find it...we just kind of stumbled into it; so good luck on that. \n\nP.S. Flavored water...some people have mentioned it...the menu talks about it; I don't think ours was flavored at all...not sure if they were out of it or if the flavoring was so mild we just didn't notice...hmm.\n\n3.75/5.
"""I had been wanting to check this place out but couldn't get myself in the door even though I live around the corner. Then I found out they have the best birthday deal in town and picked up a free birthday sub. It was full sized, didn't require an additional order, and didn't demand my signature promising my first born to be greeted into the world with a sub and fire hat so I was both shocked and pleasantly surprised. I ordered the hook and ladder because it appeared the one most advertised. It has turkey, ham, and montery jack cheese. The boyfriend stole a bite and liked it as did I. I am personally partial to feeling healthy with a vegged out raw food \healthy tasting\"""" fare but for a birthday caloric splurge after a nice run, I am a fan. \n\nTip: I would order ahead online during rush times, I felt like I waited about 15 minutes for my sub and eyed the people that ordered ahead enviously. I practically pounced on the sandwich when I saw the reciept before the lady even called for it which is why I should be (but sadly am not) too embarrassed to come back.\n\nI should also warn that I raised my star rating to a 4 because it was an awesome birthday deal, I liked the fireman ambience, and I like the cool soda/hotsauce trend. The sandwich itselt was just a little average."""""""
I eat a lot of Thai food; this place is definitely one of my favorites.  Why? Cause it's right down the street from me and the closest Thai restaurant around.  However, it's not to say it's not good; it's excellent.  I like the small and local own restaurants that have great food.  From the outside it doesn't look like much, matter fact it looks like some dive Thai food place, but inside they have a pretty nice setup.  I always gage Thai food by their Drunken Noodles - don't know why, but love it!  Recommendation and thumbs up for this place :)
"""In response to a recent thread about Boba drinks in CenPho, I said that Rainbow served at least 1 flavor- chai- which my husband found to be \just ok.\"""" When Hubby asked me this morning if I wanted to \""""taste the Rainbow\"""" for breakfast, I asked him to check on the Boba situation. It turns out that Rainbow listened, and they now will add Boba to any of their drinks. The woman behind the counter said you can call ahead so you don't have to wait. Hubby's vanilla and my strawberry frap that he brought home today were still \""""just ok.\"""" The donuts are still really good, and they finally have some stable hours, 4 am to 8 pm."""""""
I went to BJs for the first time for a dinner with some old co-workers.  I read the reviews before I went so I had an idea of some of the areas where I might have problems.  I am happy to say that my experience was a good  one.  It was a Sunday evening so that might have helped since it was not very crowded.  The weather was nice so our group of 5 sat on the  patio.  The service we received was very good.  He was attentive and funny.  Also was helpful deciding what to order from the enormous menu.  I had their Pumpkin Ale.  It was decent.  I liked it better than Blue Moon's Pumpkin Ale since I could actually taste hints of spices.  I will definitely try other varieties of their own brews when I return.  Two of the other girls in my group went for the root beer.  I tasted it and it was good but I'm not enough of an expert to say it was any different than A&W in a can.  The other two had mixed drinks and found them to be a bit pricey - $9 for a frozen mixed drink?  The table started with chips and salsa.  Nothing special there at all.  I would pass on that in the future.  I ended up having the steak salad and it was very good.  I liked the touch of the roasted potatoes.   All in all a good visit but the food is on the high side so I can't see myself going there often.  If they had a reverse happy hour like Gordon Biersch I could see myself going more, but due to the price I will save trips here for special treats or during their happy hour in the day.
Whenever I am running around in the Deer Valley area, I try to stop in to this location. They seem to be a little less crowded (for the most part) than their other locations and I've never had an issue with slow table bus-sing, etc.\n\nThe most appealing part of this chain is that their food is consistent and reasonably priced. \n\nPersonal favorites for breakfast are either of the Fritatta's (Honey-Cured Ham and Brie or Feta and Roasted Vegetable) if I'm feeling the need for something substantial. If I'm feeling a little sinful, I go straight for the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, sans syrup and slathered in fresh whipped butter and blueberry compote (ask nicely and they'll pony up extra blueberries). Blue teeth be damned, I simply can't get enough of these things - they are light and melt in your mouth with the most amazing flavor. I used to always buy a package of the mix on the way out, so that I could indulge in privacy, but I've only seen the basic mix as of late. : (\n\nFor lunch or dinner I'm a sucker for the Roast Beef and Gorgonzola Sandwich (perfectly rare Roast Beast topped with fresh greens, roasted red peppers, and just the right amount of cheese) or the Wildflower Two, which allows you to select any two from their daily soups, half sandwich, or salads.\n\nIf you don't have time for a meal, stop in and grab a loaf of yummy bread. My personal favorites are the Nine Grain and the Honey Wheat-berry. Or have some real fun and buy one of their mother truck-in HUGE soft pretzels. These things are so big, you could hook each side loop on to your ears and wear them as a mask... hey maybe I'm seeing a new super hero being born... pretzel man!\n\nAny way you slice it, you should be able to find something to tempt your palette, so grab your table card, fill up your drink, enjoy whatever local artist they have performing, and delight in the world of carbs!
Ok, I'll be honest. I wasn't looking to go to Barro's tonight. I have never been to Barro's before. I  wanted NYPD pizza. Unfortunately, their wait time for pick-up was 40  minutes and I was only 25 minutes away. I decided to give Barro's a try when I found out their wait time for carry out was only 20 minutes. I am very happy that I did. I got a ham/pineapple pizza and it was very good. The crust wasn't greasy (crust can make or break a pizza), the sauce wasn't too heavy, there was a good cheese to topping ratio. I like the ham/pineapple at NYPD also, but it is at least $6.00 more.  I will definitely be ordering from here again!
I really like coming here, as it is also centrally located in Phoenix.  The selections truly caters to the art professional. They have canvases, paint, and supplies that one could ever imagine. They also have a decent supply of paper and the leftover bins is a real money saver.\n\nThe staff is friendly and will guide you to your particular items. The good part is if you are a student, you get a small discount. The prices are acceptable as well as an acceptable return policy. I would put this on my short list of places to go to get deep selection of supplies, and be able to support local business.
Yes this place is good!\n\nIt has a great menu with new age ideas. It uses organic stuff and local ingredients. The sausage they use is very good.\n\nI feel however that this place is slightly overrated as it is very hard to get a parking spot and table. I guess I just don't like being around a crowd much. Anyway my understanding is that the guy who runs this place is a nephew to the previous owners of Nello's\n\nI would go back but this is more of a special occasion place for me simply because of the difficulty getting seated.
Envision this........ slices of warm pastrami piled HIGH on top of your choice of bread (mine is the Rye) with perfectly melted cheese on top with a crunchy pickle.  \n\nThis is one of my new favorite heart stopping lunches to have when I am work.  I have not been here more than 3 times BUT I think about Downtown Deli all the time.\n\nSome workies enjoy the giant hot dogs and other meaty treats.  This isn't somewhere to eat everyday, it needs to be viewed as a treat considering it isn't the healthiest of choices but it sure tastes gooooooood.\n\nDowntown Deli is in a good location situated downtown (how clever is that?!)  The staff is friendly and the place is bustling with business at the lunch hour.  They are quick, they know how to get you and out in your lunch hour or lunch half hour.
"""Really great sandwich. I had \The Phoenix,\"""" which consists of cubed rib eye, roasted green chilies, jalapenos, carmelized onions, and a VERY nice roasted chili mayo. Philly? No. Who cares? Not me. This was a perfect Phoenix version. \n\nI work over on Central and turn left at this corner every morning, but did not notice it until today. It is in a small, two-store strip mall behind an old convenience store. Parking is tight in front, but they have more around back. Inside is nice, especially compared to the rough-looking surroundings. \n\nService was friendly and quick. Even though you order and pay at the counter, the guy working checked to see if I needed a refill and brought my stuff to the table. \n\nI'd just about go five stars, but it is a little expensive. My bill was just under $13 for the sandwich, onion rings, and a drink. I left a tip too, taking the total higher. A little high for lunch, but still a place I'll visit again."""""""
We had a great meal at this place.  the owner is a passionate and enthuisiastic chef and it shows in his cooking.\n\nWe ordered 4 different dishes and an appetizer and all we great.  \n\nThe Shrimp faranghe is grilled shrimp wrapped in grilled eggplant.  It was excellent.  Antoher ordered the Spinch Herb burger (vegitarian) and it cam on a bed of rice with a huge garden salad that was nicely seasoned with fresh herbs.  A third had the grilled Salmon that was also served with a salad and nicely spiced.  Last we have the kaboodie and it came with grilled vegetables.\n\nEverything was fresh, well seasoned and scrumptious.    this is not a kebab and fries kind of place so expect fresh twists on your persian food.\n\nWe would defintley go back
"""I enjoyed our night at Suede.  My husband I got there early and grabbed a few drinks ($4 Trump Vodka drinks- sa-weet!) and headed out to the patio.  I really liked the design of the place, especially the huge outdoor area.  Since we got there early in the night there wasn't a DJ playing yet and the only other patrons were two other young men.  As the night went on the crowd grew ever more interesting- from the undergrads that shared a table with us to the large group of 30/40 something men at the next table to what I would call here in Boston \fashionably challenged\"""" girls and meathead boys.  The DJ started around 10 and man, it brought me right back to my sophomore year in college.  (Circa 2000-2001)  He was spinning all the hits from 7 years ago!  Not that I didn't enjoy my sophomore year, it was awesome, it was just not expected.   Once again, it was another place in Scottsdale where we only spent about $50 or so on drinks for the night.\n\nAll in all though I did enjoy Suede and my husband and I will definitely be returning."""""""
We started taking our cats to this hospital last year (its the closest one to the area we live in). Recently, one cat had a potential infection, so we had to take him in, and have a few tests run on him. He received the treatment he needed and we were satisfied with the service we received. The only small downside was everytime one of us called or when we went in, it seemed like there was a completely new staff (we weren't sure if this was because it is a 24 hour location and staff shifts changed frequently?), and we were told something different by each person when we had a question, which was a little frustrating. Other than that, no complaints.
Romantic restaurant for a special occassion is the definition of this place if you look it up on Webster's dictionary. The interior is very cute and you just feel special eating here. The service is top notch. The parking is convenient. The food is amazing. Started off with the brie and moved on to the steak. The steak was cooked to perfection. It was medium well but so tender that it melted in my mouth. The green beans were just the way I like it, crisp. Overall, we had a great experience.
"""Totally agree with the average rate of 4 stars!\n\nLet's start with the location. Although parking is bad, there's some relieve with the valet.  The decor is great, the bar is super cool and in general no complaints at all about the lay out, ambiance, etc.\n\nThe food is good but not great. A little hit and miss (between good and very good).\n\nThe fritto misto was good, the calamari were great, not greasy at all. The shrip were good as well. The dipping sauce could be better/different though. In my opinion it doesn't go with the dish.\n\nThe roasted beet salad was pretty good but a little too much onion. \n\nThe agnolotti were interesting but forgettable. \n\nIt seems that all the food is good but nothing to say \wow\"""" besides the desert. The sweet potato cheesecake is out of this world. I would go there just for that!\n\nI almost forgot. The kids spaghetti with meat sauce is great. I might order this the next time. The serving is pretty generous so an appetizer and this plus the cheesecake and you'll be pretty happy.\n\nDefinitely a must if your not waiting to be impressed with food. A great place to become a regular.\n\nAs a side note it seems that they had an overstock of kale at the kitchen. It was everywhere.\n\nEnjoy!"""""""
All of the reviews are spot on -- this AMC Theatre is excellent because it's big and never crowded.  Although this can sometime hinder the movie-going experience as a fun crowd can make for a fun movie, the lack of a crowd is an overall plus.  Good seats are always available and you don't have to worry about getting there early to secure a spot.\n\nPlus, parking is really easy here too.  Just park in the structure at the corner of 5th and Fillmore, take the brief walk to the theatre, and remember to validate your parking in the theatre after the movie is over.  Covered parking for free is always a win in Phoenix.
I wasn't going to write a review for Windsor, since there are already like 80 of them, but I noticed there's been quite a controversy over the mixed grain salad.  Since that salad was pretty much the highlight of my week, I want to add my 2 cents here.  \n\nFirst of all, the components of the salad are listed right on the menu, so if you don't like what's in it, don't order it.  If you like beets, squash, grains, etc., this salad is absolutely the perfect combination of crunchy, hearty, healthy, salty, and a little sweet.  So incredible was this salad that I couldn't even stop eating in time to leave room for ice cream at Churn.  I was very impressed with the vast array of options on the menu here but will probably continue to order the mixed grain salad again and again.\n\nOther stuff about Windsor:\n\nThe patio is delightful.  It's not a particularly large patio but it's got a great setup, with plenty of room between tables.  Thank goodness for misters.  I loved that they gave a little bowl of pistachios as soon as we sat down.  The atmosphere inside the restaurant was nothing special (besides the awesome wall of cassette tapes linking Windsor to Churn).
Despite it being cheaper than their local competitors, the quality for most items purchased are still par with some exceptions.\n\nBargains can be had just about everywhere in the store.  From the produce to grains to meat to bakery to international spices.  While seemingly fresh, the fruits and vegetables might not deliver the sweetness or taste you desire.  Do not be surprised if you take grapes or strawberries home and taste a bit on the sour side.  The barrels of grains like nuts and rice are priced by the weight.  This has become one of my favorite sections to shop around.  The idea of handpicking and controlling the amount of ingredients is quite powerful and cost efficient.  \n\nThey never mail any ads because their low prices are always constant.  I guess they just want to be known as the one stop for cheap goods.  Probably one of the best perks of shopping here is they are open 24 hours.  How convenient! The cashier lines are almost non-existent as there are ample registers and self check-out (at this location anyways).  \n\nI come here regularly to buy cases of bottled water that cost me a whopping $1.90 something cents.  How ridiculous is that?! \n\nI can probably go on and on and on about how cheap it is but if you are lucky enough to live by a WinCo, don't hesitate to drop by and check it out.  Your wallet will thank you afterwards.
"""Made plans to head over to Lucky Strike after hearing about it (3) times in one week: my girlfriend went with her work, it was highlighted on \Undercover Boss\"""" and again on E's Kendra... it was time. We went on Friday, about 8pm and it was packed... but we didn't mind. We checked in and they said it would be about 2 hours until we got a lane... no problem, we grabbed a drink (me, a Coppola cab - the fiance, a Kiltlifter). His beer was fine, but the cab was SKUNKY. I let the bartender know and he swiftly opened a new bottle sans tude... I liked that.\nWe were waiting for (2) friends who arrived about 15 minutes later... about 10 minutes after that our buzzer alerted us the lane was open (so the (2) hour wait was really closer to 30 minutes. Not bad!\nThe atmosphere is super clubby, almost in a bizarre way. They have bouncers at the door and you literally get turned away if you don't meet the dress standards (no hoodies, baggy clothes or hats). Kinda weird, but in a way I get what they are trying to do.\nThe alley part is dark, with lounge style seating and super loud music. Very fun for bowling, but not ideal for convos. They have a little bar area with a DJ which is a bit quieter. \nWe had apps, but they have a full menu. The pretzel dippers and boneless chicken wings were very tasty. \nEveryone had a great time, we'll definitely go again!"""""""
I was craving tacos for some odd reason and had previously read other Yelpers reviews of this place.      I just had some of the BEST tacos EVER!  The place was completely empty  when I arrived at 6p.m.  I wanted to try the al pastor tacos but in a crispy shell not soft.   No problem .  My custom -made crispy fried tacos arrive just a few minutes later  hot and crisp  but not greasy- with the pastor (pork and onions) meat inside topped  with shredded lettuce , a little sour cream and and queso blanco .  A large thin tomato slice sat  atop the whole thing.  I was in taco heaven!   Both a spicy  red and green salsa was brought to my table.  The flavors of both salsas were awesome but the consistency was a bit too watery for me. (Ok - I'll live.) The homemade guacamole was also very good  simply made with chumks of avacado and bits of tomato.\n\nThese tacos were so good I asked if they could add these to their regular menu.   Elena  said that she and the cook had been talking about doing just that!  Elena's brother is the owner and she said that  she would encourage him to do so and call them Tacos Dorados  I hope they do so and soon~! .  I think I'll return tomorrow and try their  tortas.  If they are as good as their tacos I'll rate this place a 5.  (From a 4.5) \nIf you go tell them Renee sent you to try her custom-made Dorado tacos!\nBeverages offered include soda, beer and horchata .  Gracias Elena!
OMG! I can't believe they opened a JJ's in Tempe!! I was so thrilled to see it while driving on Mill. This place used to be my fav spot when I was in Charleston, IL for high school.\n\nSo I had to stop to just get the taste of home that I missed for so long (since 2005), and decided to order my usual, the Turkey Tom. The sandwich was simple, bread was soft, and ingredients were fresh!!! I just felt healthier than eating burger and fries. (btw, the Pepe is really good too!)\n\nWill definitely keep going back :)
this place is our local favorite. consistent, friendly service with good food. the Ahi salad is good, as are the fish tacos and salmon entree. the halibut came out dry the two times we've had it. the calamari is always great. the biggest complaint is that they have not changed their menu in a year. we'd go more often if they did, but as it is we go at least twice a month. unpretentious, unassuming and always a good time. happy hour is before seven and a great deal as the food is just as good.
Could we be any more fortunate to have a mountain preserve in the middle of our city?!?!  I hike this mountain and the hundreds of trails that make up this area, at least 5 times a week!!  The parking can be terrible but for those of us who hike on the weekdays there is usually no problem, especially when it gets warm and the wimps stop hiking :).  The circumference trail is my favorite, it covers almost half of the Summit trail and dips off down the back for about another hour or so of great up's and downs.  Make sure your Camelpack is full for this one though, it kicks buns!  The full Summit trail is THE buns kicker, but once you make it, you can be the queen of the world, or king, whichever suits your fancy :)!! And did I mention the competitive monthly rates for this kind of workout??? Oh that's right, it's free :)!! See you there....
"""Their OJ is to white Bronco run for. (Reference too old?)\n\nLGO had a great atmosphere. Very European. I was seated outside and it was, for lack of a better word, pleasant. Very relaxing. Everybody seemed to be really happy there- except the people who weren't sitting. There just isn't enough outdoor seating so people would be floating around like hawks. Learn to ignore them and all will be well. \n\nI had their French 'Pancakes' which honestly is American for crepes. Seeing it written this way on the menu reminded me Ricky Bobby: Talledega Nights. \Those thin pancakes? I LOVE THOSE!\"""" \n\nThey're not too sweet so if you're expecting IHOP-like sweetness you'll be very disappointed. Everything here, I believe, is fresh including the fruit; it means that it's not always going to be super sweet. \n\n\""""The Big Orange\"""" is also a grocery store and from what I could gather, you had to bring your own bags. Remember, if the groceries don't fit acquit!\n\nSomeone needs to shoot me. With a review this bad I'm getting away with murder :)"""""""
I tried Bosa Donuts for the first time today.  Fortuitously we arrived just as some donuts were nearing the completion of their magical doughy journey through the wondrous worlds of Oiliverse and Sugartopoliis.  They were hot, fresh and delicious.\n\nFor the donut connoisseur in you I will make some comparisons.  The Bosa glazed, when fresh, certainly rivals Krispy Kreme's glazed donut.  It has less of a sugary coating than Krispy Kreme's, it is larger in circumference and slightly doughier.  In fact, the doughiness of the Bosa is somewhat reminiscent of something you might find at a state fair, though not as heavy.\n\nThe Bosa compares favorably with the Dunkin' Donuts glazed varietal.  Indeed, it is far fresher and wholesome tasting than any glazed I've had from the big D.\n\nThe store itself does not exude cleanliness nor inspire confidence in the behind the scenes preparation areas.  Sometimes you have to take it on faith and the word of the local Health Department.\n\nService was on a par with any other similar business.
Suede has been around for awhile now. It's no spring chicken. But I still find the place to be a good time, if you can stand the wall-to-wall people and the loooong lines for the bathroom (only the ladies bathroom, of course).  I think the drink prices are normal for a Scottsdale bar and they aren't any higher or lower than what you'll find at Myst, Axis/Radius or Six...strange, don't they all have the same owner??  It's a fun spot to go though and even if you're not feeling it, you can walk right over to Axis or Pussycat and not take much time out of your night to do it since they're right across the street. If it's a good night, Suede plays the best hip hop and rap music to dance to and the floor will be packed.  On a bad night, the DJ is spinning techno crap (I'm not a fan) and my friends and I will go somewhere else for the night.  There is never a cover for girls, although I think there is always one for guys on Friday and Saturday nights.  Guys have to dress up a little too...I think Suede follows the no hat rule and the bouncer may take a look at your shoes too- guys can't wear sandals or sneakers (I think!) So definitely call and get their updated dress code before you head out.
I went here the other night for a friends birthday. I didn't officially order anything except for a Tetley's beer, but I sampled the fish and chips, and a dish of grilled chicken with mushrooms. The chicken was really moist, full of flavor and delicious; the fish and chips were tasty too! I love HP sauce so I was glad that it was readily available! \n\nIt's really out of my way to make this place part of my repertoire, but it gets high marks for being next to Video Paradise which has a huge porn selection with interesting characters browsing for videos... makes for great after dinner entertainment!!!
Couldn't muster the energy to make myself dinner, so I gyroed it up. The gyro is still very good (the pita bread is perfect), and I also got hummus and dolmas. The hummus is fine, but the dolmas were the sleeper hit of the evening. I've always been kind of iffy on dolmas and have only recently started trying them at different restaurants, and these ones are high on my list. They have a perfect leaf:rice ratio (I hate having too much gummy rice to knock back) and there was a very lively tang to the dressing. \n\nAnd kudos to Steve, the owner, for keeping up with the Yelp reviews. Good to know a business owner cares what his customers think.
Loved the food.  We tried the rol your own nam spring rolls, fun to make and delicious.  Their Pho broth was not the best i have ever had, but still very good, it was hot, full of noodles and had plenty of everything.  We always get the dac biet as it has a good mix of everything and this did not disapoint, great meatballs and big pieces of tendon.  Service was very friendly, they even brought over an extra table as we had so much food on ours.
"""For those of you who have dined atop the Space Needle in Seattle, I compare AZ 88 to that....the food isn't all that, but the ambiance and atmosphere is so incredibly fun and alluring, I suppose you don't really care and will continue to come back? (hence 1 star added to an otherwise 3 star rating based on food alone)\n\nI've been here a few times, and EVERY single time, I seem to always get a mediocre (nicely presented, though!) dish. This past weekend though, I have to say the hostess went above and beyond for our large 13 person party. We were worried we wouldn't be able to get a table (don't accept reservations), but she said that whenever we were ready, she would figure something out. Only 3 of our party had arrived, and she still seated us (sometimes rare) outside on the patio and brought the females shawls in case it got too chilly (now that truly wow'd me). \n\nToo bad she wasn't our server. He fell a lil short on our scale. When I asked him which specialty martini he suggested (they have no menu) he said they could make anything. I further pried, but he only answered with \Well, we're a martini bar, anything is good.\"""" 1st off, if I'm asking you a specific question, it ain't thaaaat hard to give me 1-2 options, at least to just humor me. Whatever :) I figured if they were a true martini bar, they probably had some fun options, which is why I didn't want to order the classic cosmo or flirtini.\n\nThe service was super slow all night. I have to blame that on the fact that we were a large party and maybe he thought we wanted time to ourselves to socialize? Still, I think it is best to cater to your tables more efficiently no matter the size.\n\nOk meal. Ok drink (oh, i got the praised Key Lime martini..so-so). Great music. I'll keep on returnin."""""""
"""My take on Mill street is that it's your classic college-town main strip area with a couple bars with big TV's, a burrito place, a burger place, the quintessential late night grease-craving joint and a couple \edgy\"""" \""""boutiques\"""" selling overpriced Asian imports to tourists that will bite (guilty), and college students trying to reinvent themselves with \""""hippie-chic,\"""" whatever the f that is. (Um, also guilty...)\n\nBut I way digress! Streets like this also always have a couple more decorous dining establishments for when the parental units are in town -- which is exactly what I happen to have stumbled upon in this place, and perfect because if there's anything I love as much as edgy \""""hippie chic,\"""" it's decorum.\n\nI treated myself to my one sit-down meal during a week of travel/ being late for everything/ conference bagged lunches, and can't think of much more to have asked for than sitting outside on their little street-side patio with my glass of ros\u00e9 and my truffle oil pizza. Granted I've had better ros\u00e9 and more perceptive service, but man, truffle oil. Self indulgent afternoon success."""""""
After my first visit I wasn't sure I would be back.  However, we were in the area and decided to give it another shot.  We were in the mood for a good burger so what the heck.\n\nBack in August when we went the place was dead.  There were only like 10 other people in the entire place.  This time however the place was jam packed...both inside and out.  I'm guessing its the snowbirds but I don't know.  We went on a Wednesday and I guess that is the day when they have live music on the patio for a few hours.  They also have some decent drink and appetizer specials if you are interested.\n\nThe weather was excellent and the band sounded good so our party of 5 took a table outside.  We shared some chips and salsa, got a few burgers and salads, and listened to the band.  It looks like the same band is there every Wednesday for the rest of the season.  They are an excellent cover band and play some good stuff.\n\nThe first time we went here the service was a bit slow.  I thought for sure it would be horrible this time because there were tons more people, but I couldn't have been more wrong.  They had ample wait staff and everything was pretty quick.\n\nI will definitely come again preferably on a Wednesday.
How do I love thee House of Tricks?  Let me count the ways:\n\n1.  The cozy cottage and gorgeous bar area complete with twinkle lights make me forget I am right off of Mill Ave which is a definite plus.\n\n2.  There are plenty of delicious options at lunch and dinner for my non-meat eating friends.\n\n3.  One of the most underrated wine lists in the Valley at a far lower markup than other restaurants of its caliber in the area.  Example, several years ago before Turley blew up and became a trendy wine, I used to enjoy bottles there for $45!!!  Crazy, I know...\n\n4.  Their food is fresh and divine.  Their dinner menu changes seasonally and their creative chef always offers very inventive specials that you wish would be put permanently on the menu.  Some of my favorites are the Ahi tuna and the oh so tender Petite Filet Mignon.\n\n5.  They recently added a Happy Hour!!!!  (Multiple exclamation points because we all know I like the sauce : )  )\n\n6.  House of Tricks became the first restaurant in all of Arizona that my food snob of a mother insists I take her to every time she comes in town to visit.\n\nI have to take one star away (well, really only a half a star if I had my way) because their lunch prices are a bit steep and it upsets me that my wallet prohibits me from eating there as often as I'd like.\n\nIf you've never been there, run don't walk.  It is truly a gem in one of the dullest dining parts of the Valley.
I love me some Ticoz!  After our first 5 hour brunch here, the waitstaff and bartenders remembered us down to our drinks and that we liked our bloody's spicy.  They have a great deal for brunch, menu items for $9.99 and $2 greyhounds, bloody's, mimosas, and assorted cocktails.  Also they do a $10 bottle of champagne (okay, sparkling wine) and oj.  The food is excellent, I have had tacos, the guacummus, tamales, and assorted brunch items.  The one time there was an issue with my food coming to the table late (apparently the kitchen was having a problem with egg poaching that morning) and I didn't really enjoy it - our waiter noticed and comped it off the check w out me saying a word.  I'm not much of a complainer, so I wouldn't of said anything and he went the extra mile to take care of us.  We still brave the heat on the patio so we can smoke and tell stories while we drink our day away after brunch, but I am really looking forward to the fall when the weather cools down and I can enjoy the patio without misters once again.
"""I've been to Yasu several times now. When I say I \love sushi\"""", what I mean is I love the rolls that are deep fried and covered in mayonnaise.  The roll menu is quite limited, but all are good including the salmon skin, which was my first experience. We ordered a scallop dish, which, I had initially tried to explain to our server a baked scallop concoction I'd had a couple of years ago there that was delicious, and she said maybe it was a special that day (I'd had it on 2 different occasions) but it sounded like the scallops and uni so I decided to try it. Should have asked what Uni is (turns out it's urchin). Tastes like the way low tide in Key West smells. Otherwise a very good experience and I feel like Andrew Zimmern or Anthony Bourdain now... As another post I read said \""""Expensive as Hell\"""" which I nearly agree with."""""""
This was the second Pita Jungle I've been to, but it is also the one I've visited most frequently since I used to live nearby. It always seems busy, but it doesn't get too loud inside. The service has always been great, and they always get us in quickly no matter how busy they are. I like the openness of the dining area, and the vibe is always nice. The food is always great, too! We've never had any problems here at all, and were always satisfied with our experiences at this Pita Jungle location :) Oh, and this was the location where I first tried PJ's Spanakopita... it is quite delicious! It almost reminded me of being back in Greece!
Let's face it, I'm poor and hopelessly unstylish. But when I walk into Nordstrom Rack I feel cool and like my money will buy me everything.\n\nSo a bit of backstory here: as a kid growing up in Seattle I would walk through the original Nordie's downtown and imagine that I would buy all my clothes there and look like a Vogue spread. When I grew up, I realized I had a mortgage to pay and a financial minded husband. Now, my first dealings with Nordstrom Rack were not pleasurable. I would go to Rack locations in and around Seattle that were a bit more reminiscent of the scene from Romy and Michelle's High School Reunion where Michelle works in the bargain bin.\n\nAfter moving to Arizona I tried again. I walked in and it was awesome. Better organization, better selection than any other place I'd been too. And the shoes...oh the shoes. I have some ugly feet and their selection of size 10/11 was amazing. \n\nHonestly, it can't be beat. I love coming here for basics and if I need a new pair of shoes, this is one of the first places I come.
"""Fair food, fair price, very nice folks!\n\nI took the kids here after a day at the Falcon Field Air Museum, they were hot, tired and hungry. After explaining (a few billion times) that this was not \fast food\"""" and the burger wouldnt fly into their mouths as we sped through a drive through, they settled down.\n\nHave I mentioned that my grandkids havent been taught much in the ways of \""""someplace different\""""? \n I'm working on that.\nThe space is nice, with a mixture of booths, tables and a counter in the front window. \nThe counter where you order overlooks a clean and shiny grill, with assorted pictures of the offerings for those that have trouble reading the menu board.\n\nWith that setup.. heres the rundown.\nI wanted to try a Chicago style dog, my grandson wanted a hamburger, and the granddaughter wanted a corn dog.\nThe hamburger was a fine if unremarkable version. Which was perfect, decent 1/4 Lb patty & Bun, melted american cheese, nice and tasty.\nThe corn dog was about the same as you would find anywhere, also good (especially for a 3 year old who doesnt like culinary suprises!)\n\nMy jumbo hot dog was good, the actual weiner and bun itself was extremely unremarkable, in fact, and I'm sorry to say, I rather prefer the hot dogs at Costco (not the buns though!) it tasted like a cheap beef weiner in a wonder bread roll.\nThe difference was the toppings, and thats what a Chicago hot dog is all about! \nIt had a small amount of tomato, pickle, peppers and mustard on it.  And I loved the fresh taste they gave it. Much crisper than heavy chili or cheese! My only desire would have been for it to have a heavier helping of the toppings, and in fact when I go back (which I will!) I'm going to request a foolish amount of toppings, I recomend anyone trying it for the first time, just dive right in and join me in ordering extra toppings, after all, thats the point of this style of dog!\nI ordered a chicago-style tamale because I had no idea such things existed. What I got was a microwave meat tamale that was indeed made in Chicago.\nIt was just a sad, sad beast. I'm sure it's a famous Chicago food, and beloved, and if I was raised there I would crave it, but to me, it was flavorless, soggy in the wrong way, and existed only so that people could drench it in chili and cheese, probably a hit at 7-11's, but not for me.\nHowever, at about $1, I was willing to try it, and glad I did, however I shall not be having that one again.\n \nWe ordered 3 fries, and two would have done! They load those baskets up! \nI would ask for them well done next time, just because I like a slightly crispier fry, but that a minor quibble, zero complains on the fries!\nOr anything, $15 for a mess of food, cooked to order, by a locally owned shop that cares. I'll certainly go back.\n\nThey also sell Gyro's, which I didn't try, even though I've been longing for a great gyro, and Italian sausage and steak sandwiches. I want to try those next."""""""
My fianc\u00e9e and I ate there a couple weeks back on a Groupon. Overall, we had a nice experience. We came early so the dining area wasn't crowded. We had drinks, an appetizer, and entrees. She had the special, which was pumpkin crusted tilapia and I had a grilled chicken burrito. \n\nI thought hers was outstanding, while my burrito was just OK. It was a step above Baja Fresh in quality, but not much better. Reasonably sized, but a little too starchy with extra layers of tortilla, rice, and beans. My side salad was just OK too. It was rather small and the lettuce was a bit withered, although the house salad dressing was fabulous. \n\nFor an appetizer we had the guacamole hummus, which was pretty good, but didn't stand out. It pretty much just tasted like guacamole to me with a little different texture.\n\nOur server was terrific and really added to the experience with his friendliness, punctuality, and professionalism. Overall I would give the service excellent, the food pretty good, ambience good, and value above average.
"""First time here, thanks to restaurant week, and it won't be my last!\n\nOcean Prime is a white modern looking structure with blue neon lights.\nWe sat out on the patio which has a beautiful fireplace and the architecture of the patio ceiling is really neat. They incorporated two circles into the ceiling to allow the palm trees to grow through. The patio door and wall is all glass and looks as though it can be slid off to the side to open up the restaurant when the weather gets cooler. The bar at the back is neatly lit with all the liquor bottles and I did see a separate area labeled \blu lounge\"""" that must be their sports bar section cause 2 different TV's were seen, however I did not venture back there so the \""""sports bar\"""" description may be inaccurate. \n\nOur server, Kristin, was very welcoming and quick with service. I started out with a candied walnut salad with goat cheese that was delicious and my friend got the Caesar salad which she enjoyed because she said the flavor wasn't over powering. My entree was the filet mignon that I asked to be cooked medium rare and WOW, did they do an amazing job. It was by far one of the best filet's I have every eaten, it just melting in my mouth. My friend ordered the crab encrusted talipia that was equally as delicious. We split the brown sugar glazed carrots as a side, need I say more? We both ended up with the creme brulee and both savored in the sweet goodness and thickest layer of caramelized sugar coating I have every seen (but greatly appreciated).\n\nThe only negative I have to mention is that the patio chairs are wood and thus super uncomfortable (my right buttcheek went numb at one point), but it was well worth the tastiness I experienced.  Ocean Prime is an upscale dining restaurant and I will be returning, but only for those special occasions due to my unfortunately limited wallet size :)"""""""
Scottsdale Fashion Square has just about every store I could possibly want while I am shopping. I love that it has the basic mall stores that I shop in, but it also has designer stores and more high-end shops that I occasionally want or need to shop in.  I also love that SFS has Neiman Marcus! Yippee! I think the only Neiman Marcus in Ohio was in Cleveland, so two hours from where I lived in Columbus. Now I have a Neiman Marcus 10 minutes from my house.  \n\nI braved Christmas shopping there this year and it actually wasn't bad. I went on a Tuesday night about two weeks before Christmas and it wasn't super crowded at all. I've gone other times during the week at night, and it's a great time to go.  Saturday afternoons on the other hand...watch out! SFS is super crowded and you have to fight the crowds both walking around and in the stores.  For such a major mall, I appreciate how easy it is to park and find a spot. I always park in the garage next to Nordstroms and never have a problem finding a spot on the first or second level.\n\nI'm not a huge fan of the Nordstroms at SFS...it's not the best one I have ever been to, although the shoe department is amazing.  Also, the BCBG store has a pretty lackluster selection of dresses and always has that picked over feel that a store like Old Navy is famous for.
Our friends took us here for lunch recently and the wife and I were very impressed. I'd totally tell ya'll about the great things we had here, but the menu was in Bosnian so our friends ordered for us. \n\nThe bottom line is the food was terrific. We had a great assortment of breads stuffed with meats and cheeses, accompanied with sour cream, tomatoes and onions. Beef sausages and an awesome bean soup with smoked beef. \n\nIt's a great,clean family style restaurant that is also a full service bakery and Bosnian market. When you stop in you have to get the Fanta Shokata. It's elderberry and lemon flavored and it is FANTA-stic. If you don't speak Bosnian I recommend you just stop in and ask what's good, grab a Shokata and enjoy some great food.
Amazing art supply store. On my quest to fins arts and crafts projects to keep the grandkids busy over the summer I came across this art store. The store is well-laid out and well-organized. I found the kids section right away and found a cute project for both my 3 year old and 6 year old grandkids at a fraction of the price I have seen at Michaels and Joanns. \nThe floor is painted with random fun designs, parking is easy and close to the door, and the employees are friendly and helpful.
Bangin' Like A Black Smith\nBy The Rue\n\nFriday night hanging at Bar Smith,\nThis place is off Washington,\nIts a few blocks west of Fifth,\nThe rooftop dancefloor gets packed,\nThis story is not a myth,\nGo with your friends or by yourself,\nIt doesn't matter who you're with. \n\nWe stopped by here on our way home,\nFrom watching the Cards win, \nThey don't play in a dome,\nThey beat the Raider's,\nTheir face they shouldn't have shown,\nDanced the night away at Bar Smith,\nNo they do not spray foam. \n\nMy first time here and it was a blast,\nThey DJ on the rooftop was good,\nI was cutting some rug at last,\nDownstairs was live hip hop,\nCompete in the rap contest I was asked,\nUnfortunately I had to decline,\nMy rhymes are way too fast. \n\nFor all you  partying downtown,\nStop by here,\nDon't waste time looking around, \nA lot of cute girls,\nAnd dudes who are clowns,\nJust don't show up when I'm there,\nAnd try to take my dancing crown!!\n\nJAZZERCISE!!!
The atmosphere is moody and dark, which I'm a huge fan of.  There were comfy couches, and beautiful chandeliers hanging from the ceiling.  The appetizers were fantastic.  I had the tuna tartar, chicken wings, and the scallops.  Towards 11pm the bar started to get very crowded, but it is a small place, so it was much more comfortable when it was a little sparse.  \n\nI could come here again for a quick drink, but I wouldn't stay here the whole night.
"""I ventured down to the Wednesday night food-truck thing at the Phoenix Public Market, because I am now a downtown bigshot.\n\nFirst-time at this soiree and I kinda liked it.  Live casual music, cliques of libsters enjoying vegan food (gag me with a spoon), vendors selling weird stuff, and food trucks.  I was there for food, because I'm 2 blocks away and didn't feel like having potatos and eggs again for dinner.  \n\nMe being first-time guy, I wasn't sure of protocol - so I wandered a bit.  Purposely standing aside and not making eye contact.  I wanted to avoid having to tell someone sticking their head out the window \no\"""" to their request of 'would I like to try this saurkraut-laden hot-dog with mayonaisse?\""""  Truth be told, most of what was there smelled awesome and I was hungry.  Nothing against the hot dog vendor either.  I love a good hot dog.  I was just skulking around - and that's when I saw the soul food truck.\n\nHells yes.\n\nOh, I got some fries from this latin truck (sorry I forgot the name), but they were awesome.  Garlick-y, cojita cheest, the good stuff.\n\nOh, I ordered up the catfish po' boy sandwich from Buzznbeez.  About 10 minutes later I was waiting for it, and (Beatrice?  Gal out front...) told a group of other people that their catfish po' boy is being featured on the food network this week.  Since I had ordered this prior to her information, I stood there with pride on my face for looking like a downtown Phoenix food truck veteran.  While eating garlic-y, cojita covered fries.\n\nBest po' boy I've ever had.  I went back to thank (Beatrice?) afterwards, and told her that if their truck is there every Wednesday night, so will I.  Be.\n\nYum."""""""
"""The stay here was decent. The rooms were very clean. The bed was really soft though... for someone who likes a firm bed, I would caution them. The staff was helpful and the deluxe continental breakfast was okay. I would stay away from the powdered eggs... Stick to the \do it your self waffles\"""" (make sure you use the butter they put out to grease the waffle maker though insted of that spray on stuff). The location is the highlight of this place. Everything you need is very close by. For eating/entertainment theres hooters, harkin movie theater, pfchangs, cheesecake factory, famous daves bbq, texas roadhouse... etc...etc. There's a very nice mall also down the street, about 5 minute drive down Bell Ave. The staff here was also very nice."""""""
Great go to place at the Biltmore. The quality and service is always right on. I have never had food at Hillstone that I didn't love. Now, they don't publish their contents and calories of their dishes so I may be loving some heavy caloric meals, but it is worth those calories. Houston's turned Hillstone has been a great change in atmosphere as well. From a dark ordinary layout to an open architecturally stunning restaurant. \n\nMust haves: \nArtichoke App\nFilet Mignon\nAny Salad\nFish Sandwich\nCobbler\nKettle One Martini up with Blue Cheese Olives! (Have at least 2)\n\nThere is usually a wait of some sort, but they have an awesome patio for those nice Arizona nights. \n\nI have never been let down by Hillstone and that is why it will always be our place at the Biltmore.
I was excited to try this place as I had heard many rave reviews from friends. I took my mom, a burger lover, on a Friday night.  Our server was nice, and prompt, and it was not too busy for a friday night at 6:45.  I ordered the sweet and spicy, mom got the peppercorn crust burger.  Both were fantastic, and dare I say one of the best burgers I have ever had in my life!  The waitress informed us that the peppercorn crust was the chefs favorite, and I can see why.  The candied jalepenos were to die for and I like me some spice, but the flavor of the peppercorn one was so good, I will be ordering that one next time.  The only disapointment was the fries - they were hard, and not in a good way.  They tasted old, and overcooked.  The burgers were the stars here, and next time I plan on ordering a different side, and possibly splitting the burger so I can have room for some donuts with butterscotch sauce that look insane.  I also loved that they have Stella on tap for a very reasonable $4.  I will definitely be a dedicated customer.  Service was very friendly and prompt also.  If I can find a good potato side here, I'll up my rating to 5 stars easily!
"""What can I say, I'm in love! I'm all for any restaurant that has a designated gluten-free menu and features Arizona wines. I had to wait a few weeks for a Beckett's trip to fit into my schedule (since they're closed Mondays), but it was totally worth it. \n\nI would first recommend to follow their Facebook and Twitter to figure out their specials before you go. I had eye-balled their cherry pork tacos before I went, and asked the server with puppy-dog eyes if they were gluten free. Thankfully they were. The waiter was super adorable, and has a family full of celiacs, so he totally gets the diet and was really sweet about my \situation.\"""" I was also called \""""dear\"""" several times, which was mildly endearing and warmed me up to ordering a second glass of wine. \n\nMy also adorable date had the fire roasted green chile pork stew, and although it looked slightly tasty - isn't really my thing, and wasn't gluten-free. Neither were the cheddar biscuits that were served with the meal, but there's no harm in smelling them while your eyes roll back in your head and drool. Unless other celiacs say that this isn't part of the diet. \n\nThe cherry pork tacos, although not part of their summer menu, were mind-blowingly good. They were so simple, yet so tasty. I can't believe that the special cherries made the meal, it's definitely the talent seen here. Dear American comfort food, I love you.\n\nThe wine list is extensive and offers lots of Arizona wines that are just too good to all have in one sitting (unless you're into that). The cocktails are...interesting. Although none of them are really my \""""thing,\"""" I appreciate a menu with a great cocktail list. \n\nPrices are, eh, prices that you would expect from this sort of restaurant. Entree prices are comparable to that of True Food, and I think their wines were priced fairly. As a celiac, I would say these two are really good date restaurants or girlfriend night away. \n\nI would make a reservation, even though some nights are apparently slow. Better safe than sorry, especially if you could enjoy Beckett's food. \n\nI will definitely come back here. Again, I would recommend this for any celiac on an adorable date. Or even non-adorable date. Or just alone eating pork tacos at the bar which I may end up doing very soon.\n\nAlso, since I always include a bathroom review on here: they are very nice individual bathrooms. They even have light-up make-up mirrors. That's the type of small additions that can really make a restaurant. Nice one."""""""
"""Holy hell. How is this Vig so much better than the other one? After visiting for the first time yesterday, I was angry at myself for waiting so long to make it there. Did you think The Vig could get any sexier? Well it can. It's called The Vig Uptown. When it was freezing ass cold outside yesterday and I was in my jacket, hat, scarf and sweater, the \outdoor\"""" area was a dream come true. The fire and a cup of coffee was the perfect ending. As always the staff is great, the food is amazing at a great price and the place always makes me feel swanky as shit. New home away from home.!!"""""""
"""I've eaten here about three times now, and I have to say I'm a fan. I've eaten at their location in Gilbert several times before, so I knew what to expect when walking in.\n\nThe place is colorfully decorated, with different colored tables and chairs of all sizes for seating.  Their food is cooked fresh, they will make what you want to order on or off the menu.  I usually go with the shredded beef taco with some kind of beans and rice.  This is a hearty meal, and let me tell you, its filling and delicious. I love their shredded beef, as its really moist and juicy. Their tortilla's are made fresh by hand, and you can watch them  make it as your standing in line.\n\nOverall I love this place, but at times, I feel rushed through line. I also have a hard time hearing the guys behind the counter when they ask me stuff like what I want on my taco.  Honestly, I know my hearing is good, so I think its the noise from behind the counter that drowns them out.  I have to ask them a lot to repeat themselves, and its not that they aren't loud enough....but in between the glass that's separating you and the noise from the kitchen, I have to keep saying \HUH? ONE MORE TIME PLEASE.\""""\n\nAlso, sometimes i feel rushed at the register when i pay. I take my time and put my money back in my wallet and make sure I have everything before I take my tray, and sometimes I feel like they want me to hurry up so they can keep the line down, and not have it pile up.  (I know, fussy, right?)  LOL\n\nOverall, I love their food here and I really enjoy eating here. I plan on coming back in the future to eat more, and even though its on the pricier size, I'm definitely a fan!"""""""
This is one of my old standbys.  Great for takeout or eating there.  Its never that crowded and the food is awesome.  My absolute favorite is the green curry chicken.  If I could be sure no one saw me, I would lick the bowl!  The japanese teppanyaki beef is also wonderful.  The meet is super tender and the noodles are delish.  The malaysian cashew beef and lettuce wraps are also great choices.  I like the varitey they offer, lots of different asian flavors.  I'm moving farther away soon and am bummed it won't be right down the street.  But I'll still make the trip!
I've had sushi at least once a month for the past 15 years, so going to a sushi restaurant that can surprise me doesn't happen often.  While the sushi is good,  I'd put it in my top 5 in the area, it was the atmosphere that got me.\n\n Its a cozy, sushi tavern.  Seating is tight, but that added to the allure.  The patrons are as friendly as the staff and great recommendations for food came from both.  Its a well dressed up spot that has a trendiness all its own.\n\nThe reason it isn't a 5 star in my book is the sushi.  To be a 5 star in my book the sushi would have to be top tier in addition.  Don't let that detract you, YSB is a place you have to go to at least once.
The service is very good except the coffee was a little slow to get refilled. Give them the benefit of the doubt, they may have had to make a new pot, and they were busy. Ordered the Hash with 3 eggs, it comes with biscuits and gravy. This is the gravy I've been looking for, many places can't seem to get it right. The decor was 1960's diner, booths and pictures of Marilyn, even a jukebox, but it didn't seem to be working. The coffee was Arbuckle's Ariosa, the coffee that won the West, very good. I'm tracking it down to get some for home. Roasted in Tucson.
I went here for lunch today.  The place looks just like you would expect and was packed.  I was in a hurry so I ordered my torta to go.  It was like $10 for the torta and a can of soda and it was ready in about 5 minutes.\n\nI have eaten a lot of very random and very no-so-good-for-you food in my day but this torta may take the lead.  As I started to chow down on my  Torta Del Rey 3 things went through my mind:\n\n#1 - wtf am I eating\n#2 - my wife is going to kill me for setting my diet back 2 years and clogging my arteries even more\n#3 - how the fu*k am I supposed to eat this thing without getting it all over my shirt and pants.\n\nI am a torta virgin and I think this might have been my first legit torta experience.  I have never in all my life seen a sandwich with so much sh*t piled on.  I took one bite like a normal sandwich then I gave up for fear of making a complete mess of myself.  I stuck to the fork and knife method which worked much better.\n\nAnyway, the taste of the torta is just ok because there really isn't much flavor going on.  To be honest I was expecting an explosion of flavors from all the stuff on the torta but it was just eh.  The hot sauces (both red and green) were great and added to the flavor.  \n\nI would go back but would probably not have the torta.  The rest of their menu looks pretty good and authentic but after tasting their flagship cuisine; I'm not expecting greatness.\n\nI'm giving this place 4 stars because of the uniqueness (at least to me) and authenticity of the food.
Definitely not for vegetarians!  At Fogo you eat meat, on top of meat, and then more meat.  But not only is the food excellent, the experience is fun as well.  It's on the fancier side and definitely expensive, but it's great for special occasions or to treat yourself occasionally.  I loved the parmesan crusted pork, the linguisa, and the sirloin was very good too.  I was surprised that the bacon wrapped filet was very fatty but overall the quality of the meat was amazing.  The salad bar was very fresh and tasty and the tres leches cake for dessert is definitely one to try.
Visited the place after church yesterday evening (9/11/11).  Not really sure if they were officially open yet since they had a pre-opening  charity lunch early in the day.\n\nFirst impression:  they completely transformed the old space (Unlimited Coffee) into a fresh, bright & modern food joint.  Although I found it small, I'll give them a pass since they only have that much real estate to work on the former cafe.  The only other thing I also noticed, there were a lot of employees.  Most of them cramped inside the counter area.   Must be THE training day!\n\nOn to the food:  we ordered a mushroom burger, a Charburger and a double Charburger, side ceasar salad, sweet potato fries and drinks - rang at about $20 with tax.  We were impressed with the taste knowing that we just saw them grill those patties on a barbeque grill (not a flat grill). Some people may or may not like that way but we personally like how they grill it similar to how Original Hamburger Works does it.\n\nWe sat at the outside patio area which should be good during the times when the weather is much nicer.  Yesterday though, it was a bad decision since we saw the haboob fast approaching from the east (can't see Squaw Peak from where we are seated).  Made us chew our burgers faster :)\n\nI think this joint is a welcome addition to the CenPho neighborhood.  More burger competition can only mean better things for us diners.  We will definitely come back again.  Next time will probably try the entree salads or the tuna sandwich.
"""I would like to believe that the old Macaroni Grill is back. \n\nThe three of us came here last Saturday night after a long day of Christmas tree shopping and hanging outside lights. We were tired and didn't feel like cooking. We also didn't feel Ike a fancy Italian restaurant meal, but just some good Italian comfort food. \n\nOur choices in this market segment includes both Macaroni Grill and Maggiano's, along with some wannabes like Olive Garden, Johnny Carino's and Carrabba's. As a family, we continue to favor the two Brinker International concepts. \n\nAs a follow-ups to my previous review, it does indeed appear that the over building under the former corporate owners has ceased.  And a great deal of attention has gone into improving the menu, while keeping some of the older items by their new private VC owners. \n\nOne thing that was lacking in the old setup was a traffic cop of sorts. Now in place, you have a very competent Wait Staff & Service Manager (front of the house) making sure the tables are bused and offering a friendly face to those who are waiting to be seated. This was present in the old place, but it wasn't the high energy job it is now and is a major improvement.\n\nThe other improvement as noted last time is the Culinary Manager doing the same thing but between the kitchen staff (back of the house) & wait service. It is still running smoothly. \n\nWe started with a couple of appetizers from their \Choose 2 Tapas\"""" ($9.00) menu of Mama's Spicy Meatballs (no jokes please) and Bruschetta, followed by a salad.  All were very good.  \n\nAs for dinner, we ordered the Chicken Parmigiana, Chicken Pasta Milano, along with Mama's Trio (see photos).  All were delicious and we had enough for three boxes for home.\n\nWe normally skip dessert, but chose to share a Chocolate Cake.  Here, Macaroni Grill has made a change from their past offering of a chocolate brownie.  The cake comes in a remekin, with a side of chocolate ganache.  Very Nice!\n\nWe had a good time, left with some boxes and felt the bill of $64.75 before taxes and tip was fair.  Again, things weren't perfect, but they were a lot better then two years ago when Brinkers had Macaroni Grill on the market and it felt as if the  wheels were coming of this used car concept.  Not anymore, Three and three quarter stars, rounded up to four on this visit.\n\nEnjoy!"""""""
This place was the beginning of the end for me.  For those of you who know me, know what this means.  Otherwise, ignore that last comment.  \n\nI came here on a Wednesday night and the 2 for 1 deals totally killed me.  Not only were the drinks reasonably priced but they were reasonably poured.  Everything i had was in a pint glass.  How often do you get greyhounds in a a pint glass?  Needless to say after 3 drinks i was partying it up on the dance floor.  I love me some dance music!! They played Untouched by The Veronicas.  That song is all i need to make any night complete at a club.  There was also quite a bit of eye candy, even if my friend said all the uglies were out that night.  I really can't complain about this place, but this night turned out to be super awesome and memorable!
Back when I was a kid and my mom liked to cook traditional Taiwanese and Chinese food, she would make lots of dumplings from scratch.  The dumplings they make here are very similar, and remind me of those days when I'd help her roll out the dough and fill the dumplings with meat/veggie mix.  They are cooked perfectly, and the meat inside is well seasoned and quite tasty.  We also tried some green onion pancake and beef roll for more fried type foods, and both were perfectly crispy on the outside.  Our total was ~$15 including tax.  Service was friendly, but we had to specifically ask for water since we hadn't had any by the time our first plate of food came in.  If you're looking for a good Northern Chinese style restaurant, leave your low-carb diet at the door and step into Chou's Kitchen!
"""\You know where we are supposed to go, right?\"""" \n\""""No, I thought you knew.\"""" \n\nExcerpt of conversation on the way to the Old Town Farmers Market.  Good thing that Yelp Blackberry app has a map feature!\n\nA visit to the OTFM is a fun way to spend a Saturday morning. There is a (small but growing) diverse selection of vendors with everything from the expected produce to confections to seafood to \""""beer\"""" for dogs! No need to eat beforehand, either. Almost everyone offers samples (even wine!). Kind of like a way cooler local outdoor Costco.  Where they allow dogs.  Well not exactly, but you get my point. \n\nI sampled more types of chocolate than I can count, tasted my first-ever cheese curd, and am now a huge fan of Goody Twos toffee. Also, we couldn't let the morning go by without a scoop of Lime Basil Sorbet from the Sweet Republic bus. \n\nSurprisingly, I managed to restrain myself from purchasing everything I saw, and walked away with only an amazing jar of Roasted Garlic Feta Cheese from Made by Bees (decadent when enjoyed on pieces of warm french baguette!), two HUGE artichokes, and a bundle of green onions. \n\nI am looking forward to going back and getting there earlier next time - by 10am there were enough people to make it a little difficult to navigate and reach some of the more tasty treats. I will also remember to use the environmentally conscious Yelp grocery bags which were accidentally left in the car.  Oops!  They will be filled with salmon, handmade soap, more artichokes, some asparagus, olive oil, balsamic vinegar, and, and, and... :)"""""""
Been to the Rose and Crown a couple of times now and have sampled some food. They have an extensive beer selection, including Sessions. It's an American lager. Very tasty! They also have Carlsberg, which I am told is the Bud Light of Europe. I still love it! The french fries are the TITS! They are so good I was unashamedly eating them off of someone else's plate without asking. I have had the Reuben and was uninspired. The corned beef was good, but overall just lacking. I guess that is what I get for getting a Jew sandwich at an Irish pub. \n\nThe decor is cool! There are futbol kits and scarves along the walls. Ya know soccer? Wonder if they show games there on the weekends? Do they have TVs? Oh well. The place is a little small, but quaint. They do have a nice patio that has ample space. Cool place to hang out on a spring night. I think they had live music too.
What do singer Nick Lachey, Cardinals quarterback Matt Leinart and Phoenix Suns point guard Steve Nash have in common? They were hanging poolside together a few months ago for Leinart's birthday celebration at the see-and-be-seen Mondrian pool. \n\nMy friends and I couldn't believe our eyes when we spotted the trio along with the majority of the Suns and Cards in the pool during a  girls' weekend at the posh downtown Scottsdale hotel. Nick Lachey was touching distance and Matt Leinart nearly ran me over with his drunken breast stroke.\n\nThe pool is where the party is on the weekends. It's filled with the beautiful crowd, many who live in the Valley.  I recommend getting a group of friend's together and splitting the $100 local rate between four people so you can enjoy the fun pool scene -- you can't use the pool unless you're staying there or you're with a guest who's staying there. Plus you never know, Matt Leinart may very well run you over next!
"""For more than a year I've gone to this lab at least monthly and sometimes more often for blood draws and routine testing. At first I would try to \psych out\"""" a time when I figured few others would also be there - I was almost never right. But, without fail, behind the reception desk sat Ruta Tanai, patience personified. I've never seen her upset, never heard her lose her temper (as many who are waiting do), never found her to be anything but helpful,  professional and pleasant. \n\nGoing to the lab, for whatever reason, is not something most people look forward to but if Ruta Tanai is the one who will take your information and orders and insurance card/s, then things just got a lot better! Thanks Ruta!!"""""""
Went there on a Saturday night. There were pretty busy we waited about 20 mins. Love the decor! I ordered mange strawberry freeze it wasn't that good. I preferred the one at Taco's Bell. But the food was delicious. Some of the comments claimed the food was salty since I like salty food it was perfect. But in general it might be a little too salty for other people. Appetizer was yummy. We got a platter. My favorite was crab dip? I don't remember the name but it was sooo good! The steam pot was big. My boyfriend order some fish and shrimps the portion was huge for the price we even have leftover! \n\nManager made his round twice to check on the customers which was very nice. But our server which I don't know his name wasn't that great. Definetly going back there again for my seafood fix. Yummy and Messy crab juice!
Ohhhh when it comes to Pakistani / Indian cuisine in the Valley, Z-Grill has my heart and taste buds.  For those of you who don't do dive-y joints quit reading now and move on.  For those more adventurous you will be pleased.  \n\nLocated inside Zam-Zam World Market on 40th St, North of McDowell, you can blink and miss it.  Wander in to the back past the butcher and you order at the window.  They may not have everything listed on the menu so you may have to ask or reorder. It is a small but flavorful selection, they don't skimp on the seasoning or the spice here.  Thus making it an even more euphoric experience.  I stick with the Naan and the poori for your side options...the last time i tried the rice it tasted like it was steamed in the burlap sack....unless you mixed it with the curry...But this was not enough to deter me from going back every 4 days for about a month...\n\nWhich reminds me I need to get back there soon!
Everything was fantastic. Staff was great, drinks were great, outside patio had an amazing view, crab cake and oysters were amazing, ribeye & Mac & cheese were delicious, however, we ordered saut\u00e9ed spinach, which had no explanation of how it was saut\u00e9ed, & when we received it...it was saut\u00e9ed with mint & basil? We did send it back...& they prepared a regular saut\u00e9ed spinach...with no hesitation. \n\nThe hotel itself is amazing & all the employees are very formal. Overall, made a great date night.
My friend wanted to take me here after we both decided on having sushi for dinner.  It has a pretty trendy interior and a nice casual outdoor area.  We sat outside and started out with some edamame.  We ordered up 4 rolls, 2 in which were deep fried in the tempura batter. I can't remember the names of them, but I do remember that we ordered one called the firecracker, and one that had the chli lime sauce drizzled on it, and another that had lobster in it.  I think that I should have only ordered one of the tempura battered rolls because it would have made the experience more unique, and I think I would have appreciated it more.  Anyways my favorite was the one with the chili lime sauce with sprinklied tempura crumbs around it.  Our waitress was decent.  She didn't come off as being genuine as to whether or not we liked the food, and seemed preoccupied with other thoughts.  The owner was very nice and attentive.  He seems to make his way around to be available to the customers, and even gets things when your waitress isn't around for you to ask.  I like this place, but I want to try other sushi spots as well.  The prices of the sushi is comparable to Chicago.  The ambiance is very laid back and chill.  I wouldn't describe it as being romantic.  I think they also have happy hour specials that go on Monday - Saturdays  from 3-6pm (not positve on the hours).  Unfortunately we were there on Sunday.  I wouldn't mind coming here for a happy hour.
Oh my goodness, this food is do good! First visit to this cafe and I'm already excited about going back again. I ordered the Cauliflower cheese soup and it came with a small piece of soft bread and a chocolate covered strawberry. All I can say is that it was delicious. I also had the turkey cranberry sandwhich and it too was so good. It had slices of cucumbers in it, sprouts, lettuces, munester cheese, lettuce and honey mustard sauce. The bread was very soft and good. I didn't have room for dessert, but all the choices looked yummy.
I have been to Wanda's about 4 times since moving here and always enjoyed it.  I wouldn't classify it as an overly greasy , greasy spoon.  I think it's a very comfy place that reminds me of little Mom and Pop's from back east. Since I seem to stick to the breakfast MO... it's been good each time.  They have good diner coffee, nothing exotic, nor was I expecting it.  The waitresses are all very nice, with just the right amount of chattiness to make you feel at home, but not too much.  My breakfast today was a mushroom and cheese omelette + spinach.  My plate of food was huge and very tasty and with Coffee and Tax only $10.  I'll have to stop by here more often.\n\n- Mushroom and Swiss Omelette + Spinach
"""Cheap and delicious.  Need I say more?  This pizza is perfect for when you want a quick, inexpensive, delicious meal but don't buy extra...it's only great when you eat it fresh...reheating it makes it taste like cardboard. \n\nThe toppings aren't fancy...the crust isn't fancy...it's just the perfect amount of crusty bread and toppings to make me happy.\n\nLarge one topping pizza (you can even do half and half and it's still considered one topping)...I get mine ordered \well done\"""" to be crispy....and its about $11.  Feeds two and you're full. The end"""""""
"""we had a coupon for this place and were a bit confused as the coupon stated \rare earth pizza and wine bar\"""" but when we arrived it was \""""rare earth coffee and wine bar\"""". since it was about 3pm, we were the only people there...even better! we had the whole patio to ourselves. \n\nwe ordered the strawberry and spinach salad and made our own pizza...mushroom and garlic. the salad was heavy on the goat cheese which is awesome! the pizza was baked perfectly, thin and crispy, with loads of garlic. the sauce? not enough \""""tomatoey\"""" taste, but still...we love pizza and this did us well. without the coupon, the meal was 30 bucks (salad, pizza, one beer, one wine). we checked out the happy hour menu and it looked like a pretty good deal!"""""""
After dropping $100 at the nursery this morning for my new patio, I needed something for breakfast and a nice iced tea.  My neighbors told me about Luci's and I've driven by a half dozen times.\nYou can build an omelet there by the size: Eeny (just egg), Meeny (egg and cheese), Miny (egg, cheese and veggies), and Moe (all the above with a protein).  I had a piece of spinach quiche.  I also ordered a large iced tea.  Well, I was sipping my tea, waiting for the quiche to be heated.  And waited.  Finally, after bumping into my massage therapist (she's the BEST!), I asked about it.  They had forgotten me.  :{  Oh well, they offered a free Danish to make up for it while they heated up my quiche.  \nThey have a section of teas and different foods.  It's a small section and the prices are a little higher than you'd find at Sprouts.\nI'll be back a million times, since it's so close to home.\nLet's hope they don't forget me next time ;}
Lunch at Joe's Farm Grill was a great idea!  I saw it on Food Networks Diners, Dives and Drive In's and it stuck in my mind as a place that I wanted to try. It was a bit of a drive from where I was staying in Chandler, but it was totally worth it. Before stepping a foot into the restaurant, we fell in love with the grapefruit trees surrounding the building, such a cute area with a lot of outdoor seating. I ordered the special of the day, which was a grilled salad.  It was Romaine lettuce, topped with bacon, tomatos and blue cheese. Oh mama... so damn good. BUT what made me stop in my tracks was the GIANT slice of lemon- seriously it was almost as big as my hand. The salad was really good, and since it was grilled, it gave a nice smoky flavor but it was not over powering.\n\nMy only complaint is that we only ate their once.  They had plenty of items on their breakfast and lunch menu that I wanted to try.   I like that they use local ingredients when they can and look for healthy ingredients (natural beef for the burgers and transfat free oils)
When my friend & I went to visit Phoenix in January 2011 we did a day tour of the Grand Canyon with Southwest Tours. I wasn't sure what to expect since there weren't many reviews for them on the internet but they looked good enough through the few things I read and now I'm really glad I went with them!\n\nLee was our driver/tour guide & he was chock full of knowledge on just about everything! He talked to us during the entire drive from the moment we got into the van, which in itself was very roomy & comfortable. He shared facts about each town we passed, little tidbits you probably won't find in tour guidebooks, and told us all about the different animals, plants & cactus we saw while on the road. \n\nThe group we were with was a small group of 5 people so it had a really nice, cozy feeling. Lee was very accomodating whenever we needed to make an emergency bathroom stop, which happened somewhat frequently with all the complimentary water they gave us! Haha. We made many stops along the southern rim of Grand Canyon & we were taken down on a few trails that were away from where most of the visitors usually congregate & with spectacular views so we got a chance to enjoy the beauty of nature in a peaceful environment.\n\nI highly recommend Southwest Tours & would definitely consider using them again the next time we go out there for a visit.
I was bracing myself for a long line, incompetent employees and slow service. Not at this location!  An employee graciously held open the door for me and I was greeted by a second upon entering the store, who pointed in the right direction for FedEx pickup. \n\nThe line went quickly and they immediately found my package. I signed for it and was about to be on my way, until the kid in me decided to shake the box to decipher it's contents. The gentleman who initially helped me whipped out a box cutter so I could take a glimpse inside.\n\nThey even opened the door for me on my way out!  Excellent service. Positive attitude. Definitely changed my opinion of FedEx Office!  (at least for this location...)
There are three reasons I like Samurai Sam's: \n\n1. Their teriyaki sauce \n2. The low-cal options and the fact that I can chow down on an entire bowl of chicken, rice and veggies for four grams of fat\n3. The low-cal option for my fatty favorite, an egg roll -- four grams of fat.\n\nYes this is a chain, but healthy chains get a star in my book so I'm giving to to Samurai Sam's. If there was only one closer to my home I would probably eat here way too much, but now I know that whenever I'm in the area, I will stop by and fill up on food that fills me without adding to the waistline. \n\n**** They also sell the teriyaki sauce.
If you're hungry, then the Black Forest Mill is for you. Just by its nature, German food is filling (think that feeling after your Thanksgiving meal!) I made the horrific mistake of ordering too much food the first time I went with friends. We ordered appetizers of potato pancakes and sausage and sauerkraut. I had saurbrauten which was incredible. The second time I was there I had goulash as my main entree, the goulash was way too salty. I would have loved it had they cut down on the salt. The red cabbage was so good and sweet as was the sauerkraut. I also enjoyed the cherry's jubilees crepe with vanilla ice cream for dessert. Unfortunately, the young woman that was serving us both times wasn't very good. It detracted from the meal and some folks weren't that anxious to go back.  If you can deal with a server that isn't very receptive and is consistently slow, you will be rewarded with some authentic German food (which I think is hard to find in Phoenix.) Prices seemed in line for what was offered and they had German music and dancing on the weekends. The bar was packed both times I was there. I'm guessing they have a good happy hour.
"""My maiden voyage to RnR started off shaky; my SO and I almost turned around when we first opened the door because there was an annoying DJ who was just loud as hell. Who thinks this is a good idea for Sunday morning, when all the poor, the downtrodden, and the hungover venture out for breakfast? I thought the club closed at 2 am last night.\n\nDespite the dance remixes of Bon Jovi and too-cool-for-you crowd predominantly in their early 20s, Grandma and Grandpa decided to stay and indulge in some sundried tomato and goat cheese scrambled eggs, Chambord French toast, coffee, and Bloody Marys. I fully admit that the strip of bacon shoved in the Bloody Mary is totally surprising and off-putting for a vegetarian, but it is certainly creative. The Bloody was tasty, but slightly bland and nothing special. The scrambled eggs and hash browns (well done, natch) were huge and delicious, with plenty of tender sun dried tomatoes, but I had to save room for French Toast Mountain. \n\nGood thing I did, and it's a damn good thing Fatty wore her stretchy jeggings, because I slurped my half of the French toast down and practically licked the plate clean. It was, bar none, the best French toast I have EVER had. Stuffed with sweet cream cheese, drenched in boozy raspberry sauce, and crowned with great fluffy piles of fresh whipped cream, it was a flavorful little orgasm on a plate. \n\nDespite the remix of \Smells Like Teen Spirit\"""" (poor Kurt is SPINNING in his grave) and slightly questionable service (forgotten English muffin), we will be back -- but only on a day when we have nothing else to do but lay around the house, buzzed and in a lethal food coma.... just YUM."""""""
We needed a place for a celebratory meal during our 3-day stay in Sedona and Scottsdale. Mosaic Restaurant was a terrific find, and far more, and better, than we expected. It was quiet that night so the ambiance was most like a private dining room. The food was...well, what can I say? Inventive, with amazing flavors and visual presence, perfectly prepared and a delight to savor. We had the Ocean and Vegetarian tastings which were a marvelous sampling of foods. The setting in the Sonoran desert was enchanting and the earth-tone colors and stone work blended beautifully with the desert landscape. The views were pretty wonderful as well both from the cool bar area and our dining table right by the winder where we could enjoy the desert, Pinnacle Peak and glimpses of the Four Seasons. I would go back without thinking twice.
This Costco is very close to my house but, not my favorite one. It is nice enough and the have lots of samples as you walk throughout.  But, they have the gas station and all the fun things that come with Costco. however they do not the little eatery in the front of the store like the other ones do. They always change the layout in here. So if you go once a month you think you know where you are going but, no they have changed it all around. Other than that, there is lots of parking and it is always crowded. Always lots of items to choose from. You can only pay with Cash, Check ,or there America express credit card.  I guess that does keep you from over spending.
I enjoyed our dinner here although I think this might be more of a happy hour destination.  We had the trio of dips which were lovely.  I had the house enchiladas with grilled chicken and that was delicious.  The rice and beans left something to be desired.  Husband had the pork green chile mac and cheese which he enjoyed but felt was underseasoned.    \n\nI ordered the peach sangria on the recommendation of a friend but found it to be too wine-y for me.  I was expected a glass full of fruit as is customary and there was one tiny lone piece of peach clinging sadly to the bottom of the glass.  The waiter was kind enough to swap it out for the passionfruit sangria which I enjoyed much more.  I also tried the blood orange mojito and the coconut mojito.  They were both fabulous and LARGE!  If it were up to me, I'd make them slightly less sweet but they were still fantastic nonetheless.  \n\nWe shared the macadamia nut brownie and ice cream for dessert and that was wonderful.  The brownie was sort of like the bastard child between cake and a brownie.  Denser than cake, not as dense as a brownie.  \n\nOur server was wonderful.  Friendly, attentive, and helpful.
"""Went to Cartwright's in Cave Creek with some real good friends to enjoy a \date night\"""" without the kiddo's.  We've dined there before and really enjoyed it so we were looking forward to sharing this experience with some good friends.   \n\nThe restaurant is decorated as a Sonoran Ranch House, it has sort of a \""""Western Loungee\"""" vide to it.  It's not formal dining, but somewhat intimate and quiet with a \""""YEEHA\"""" in there some where.  I think next time we come to Cartwright's I'm going to do it right and dress in my finest western attire, spurs and all!\n\nThey have a very nice bar for you and your friends to mozzie on up to for a tasty libation prior to dining.  The women had Prickly Pear Margatini's which they apparently enjoyed since they order a second round.  One of the guys had a Strawberry Daiquiri... (no comment, you know who you are...)  Myself and the other guy had manly drinks, Poquito Picante Margarita's with fresh Jalapenos in the drink and on the rim with light salt.  Wow, what a burning sensation at first drink, but man it was good! It gave new meaning to \""""hot lips\"""", and our brides agreed with after a quick kiss :-)  That's probably why they ordered a second round, their lips were burning baby!   \n\nWe had reservations since there were six of us and ate in the little room with the Elk head staring down at you above the fireplace while you ate.  This is the only reason why I'm giving Cartwright's 4.5 stars and not 5 because I'm a bit of a clean freak.  Don't take this wrong because I absolutely love greasy spoons, but they have to be clean.  I ask our waiter how often to they clean the Elk's head and he said he did not know when the last time it had been cleaned.  I'm not being a weirdo here, but yuck ~ dirty, dusty Elk hair and dead skin flakes floating in the air while I'm eating dinner kind of creep-ed me out.  It did not bother anyone else though...\n\nOur salads, appetizers and entries were all extremely fresh, high quality.  They offer wild game, grass fed~organic beef and the most unbelievable seafood.  One of the coolest facts about Cartwright's is they purchase all of their produce, meats and dairy from local purveyors including seasonal items from the desert.  They have a very good wine list that will compliment your meal very well.  \n\nBetween the six of us we had a sampling of almost everything they offered.  I really like their Elk Tenderloin, NY Strip and Chilean Sea Bass.  They have some very good deserts as well including Campfire S'mores, Cheesecake, Creme Brulee, or my fave was the Chocolate Ranch House Cake with a Mexican chocolate Kahl\u00faa sauce, yum!\n\nGreat place to dine with someone special or invite some friends. Have some fun and make it a \""""Western\"""" night out, yeeha!"""""""
"""I've been twice and already wanting to go back.  Normally I get my sushi coma fill and I'm good for a few weeks; I kinda wanted to go back the next day.  I'm not huge on raw fish so I stick to the \cooked\"""" rolls and they are always really good; First trip was $10 = 4 plates, iced tea, and tip.  Second trip ... no clue ... a friend paid but I would be willing to be it was closer to $15-$16 range.\n\nGreat for lunch with a crowd.  Accommodated 8 of us pretty easily.  If you go for lunch get there around 11:30.  Too early and not enough rolls are out.  The fun ones start coming out when more people show up.  But timing is everything - get there too late and you'll wait!  Enjoy!"""""""
My husband's friends love this place and so does my husband - we came down to visit and this was one of the must-eat places.  \n\nI have to admit it is pretty good, and the portions are huge.  I just got a turkey sandwich  - the bread was a little hard but it was massive and tasted pretty good.  I saved half of it for the next day and it was actually a bit better cos the bread had softened up.\n\nThe bellinis are strong and only $6.\n\nApparently they used to have this ravioli dish that was amazing but for some reason they took it off the menu which greatly disappointed my husband so I'm docking a star for that.\n\nThe best part is the pizookie of course - and it was that good.  I've had similar at BJ's but this one is much better.
If you want a good burger that's NOT frozen or from a fast food restaurant, but also is a GREAT price for college students ..... Look no further! The Chuckbox is awesome!\n\nThe burgers are big and juicy and homemade and their fried mushrooms/zucchini are REALLY good, if you don't mind fried food....which I don't :D\n\nAlso, all their employees (well most) have been there forever! Making it pretty cool that the joint has so much history. For example, the place opened 37 1/2 years ago and the current supervisor has worked there for 37 years! The main burger chef has been flippin' for 20 years! And other employees have been going into The Chuckbox now for 9 years and counting. \n\nOh, and they cook it right in front of your eyes while you wait in line to pay :D how fun!
"""As an olive enthusiast, I was excited to hear about a trip out the Olive mill with the family.  Looking forward to a day filled with olive testing and touring, I was little disappointed to find there really wasn't much of that happening.  There was a little olive oil testing available in the store, but with nothing to apply it to, it was a bit strange.  They also had some spreads/tapenades available for testing which were all pretty tasty. I ended up purchasing the caramelized onion and fig spread.   The tour was a little strange as well, they walk you out into the main picnic area and tell you about the history of the mill and infuse it with way too many corny olive puns.  After that discussion they walk you into a tent, where you sit at picnic tables and the tour guide goes through the steps of making olive oil via a few posters hung on the walls.  The presentation was pretty informative, but there was no actual tour of anything.  At the end you received a tasting of about 5 different kinds of olives sold in the store.   The olives were good, worth the five bucks for the \tour\""""... but it was just a little disjointed because the tour was about making olive oil, yet they give you an olive tasting at the end (Which they did not mention once).   We ate lunch at the restaurant inside and overall we were all pleased with our meals.  I had a veggie Panini, with potato chips.  The veggies were fresh and the chips very crisp, with just the right about of salt.  I tried one of their famous Meyer Lemon cupcakes, it was okay.  The frosting was a little too sweet and cupcake a little on the dry side. I had a feeling they were not made that day.  The outside picnic area was nice; there was a live musician playing, some mediocre local wine tastings, and shortbread tasting from a local vendor. I applaud their efforts to keep everything local (both at the restaurant and with the entertainment). Overall the experience was a 3.5, but the olive oil and spread I purchased were a solid 4, and at the end of the day, that's their product!"""""""
"""I get up on the weekends and the first thing out of my mouth is \Can we go to Kashman's?\"""" The only reason I am giving it four starts versus 5 is that it is mostly outside seating. Now, for 1/2 of the year here, that is perfect, but for the summers, its just too hot! \n\nThere's a lot of food that comes with your order. The omletts are delicious, though! My husband comes out just for the coffee. While I always get the breakfast, he has ventured out and tried a few of the sandwiches, which he liked as well, but said he liked the breakfast more. \n\nBest thing about it is that pooch lovers get to bring their furry best friends along. I bring my poodle every time and he shares a breakfast. I don't feel guilty about leaving him at home. \n\nGreat, friendly staff, too!"""""""
If you're looking for good, authentic chinese food then this place is one of my favorites in Phoenix.  If you're more into westernized chinese food, go to Panda Express.  If you're looking for an upscale place or are more interested in great service, then this place isn't for you.  \nIt is a typical home-style authentic chinese restaurant, and one of the best ones for authentic chinese food in Phoenix.  It has been here for a few years and we order here regularly.  The ownership has been the same since they took over the location from Yummy China (which was a pretty bad place) and the food has been consistently good.  As others here mentioned, order from the chinese menu, not the western menu.  We've tried pretty much  the entire menu and haven't found too much that we don't like.  The cook sometimes comes out and chats with you - he will make you something specific or special if you ask for it.  They do seafood (lobster, crab, shrimps) really well; their house chow mein (dry style) is HK authentic; their beef chow fun and chicken and salt fish fried rice are some of our favorite dishes.\nPrice-wise, it's reasonable for the quality.  The place is fairly clean for a chinese restaurant.  Service wise - well, it's a chinese restaurant - 'nuff said.  If the service will bother you, order take-out instead.    \nSilver Dragon used to be our go-to restaurant for authentic chinese food until it closed down.  This place is better, so we don't miss Silver Dragon.
Since Mr. K's excellent review, Underwraps has made a few changes. (Hey! Maybe they read your review?) You can now order salads (five types from Asian or Greek to Caesar or Cobb) and the sides to chose from include potato chips (which ROCK and are made in-house), potato salad or pasta salad (they scratched the fries). \n\nThe grilled vegetable wrap IS tasty: kalamata olives, grilled squash, roasted green peppers, red onion, lemon vinaigrette, but I also really like to do the scrambled egg (crispy bacon, caramelized onion, tomato and melted provolone cheese). They even make it egg whites only for me!\n\nI do think a lot of their business is catering... and they've got some good offers. You can serve 11-14 people assorted wraps for just $50! \n\nThis place is close to where I work and it's not generally too crowded, so it's easy enough to get in and out. I'm gonna round up and give it four stars for taste and convenience!
OATMEAL COOKIE yogurt! It tastes just like an oatmeal cookie, so delicious!! I hope it's not one of the rotating flavors! They have a variety of other flavor options and a pretty extensive array of toppings. I only found a couple cons: It is a little more pricey than some of the other yogurt places around the area, but I keep a lookout for the 20% off coupon in the mailers. This Yogurtology location always seems to be packed. They move people through pretty quickly, so I didn't get the claustrophobic-like experience I get at Mojo.
"""On a mission to find all the pet friendly restaurants in town...and hope we like their food. Hula's Modern Tiki makes the list.\nGreat patio, nice ambient lighting, moderate traffic passing by, relaxed feel. I really like the \in the city\"""" feel the restaurant has w/ Central traffic passing by.\nStarted with the Samurai Beef Sticks: Excellent. tasty w/o being too much, juicy and the pineapple was good too. Main:Duke's Luau Pork plate, great. I would get it again. The date had a ribeye, he says it was just alright. His side of macaroni was so so delicious!!!! It is one of those dishes I crave.\nWe know we like a place when we both say we would go back, especially for the mac & cheese! Giving it a 4 star until we can go back and try more menu items."""""""
This review is solely based on a mid-week work lunch. I would not go to Thai Hut for dinner (not much of a vibe), but if you work downtown and want to splurge on a quick Thai lunch - this is your spot. It's speedy fast. There's a nice list of lunch specials to choose from and you'll have your soup and spring roll the minute you sit down and a gigantic drink (so you're never waiting on refills). I've never walked away unhappy. The food is tasty and the price is right.
I have three words for you- Ollie the Trolley.  That's right folks, whether the Art Walk is going on or not, Ollie will carry you in and around Old Town for free.  Yep, for free.  This means you can have a drink here, there and everywhere and get to enjoy great art all at the same damn time.  \n\nSince there are sooo many galleries in Old Town, the Art Walk tends to be super busy, with tons of people crowding the street and sidewalks.  There is usually live entertainment going on and plenty of food and drink opportunities thanks to all the neighboring establishments.  \n\nNext time they're having the Art Walk, don't miss it.  And go ahead and have that extra shot- Ollie's waiting.
"""Lunch at Two Hippies today.\nThis is a 4 star with comments.\n\n1)  5 stars for small business, new ventures, private companies.\nIt isn't easy, been there and done it.\n\n2) 4 Stars for location.  Perfect location, very fun.\nNo bathroom?  Not even a place to wash the salsa off your hands?\nIf it is there I didn't find it.\n\n3) 4 stars for food:  Great Green chile beef burrito.\nBut it was a \busy\"""" like I could get at a chain store.\nWhy do we have to have rice and beens in everything?\nCarbs yuk.  \n\n2)  1 star  for No Ice Tea.  No Ice Tea?\n\nWill go back this week for sure."""""""
I absolutely love this place!  You won't find a better baba ghanoush in the valley!  You have to LOVE garlic to like the baba!  I'm just warning you, your significant other and/or friends must really LOVE you too, because it sticks around for awhile!  The must have is the Flaming Cheese!  What a show stopper!  It's soo cheesey, greasy and lemony! You must also get the lemon rice soup, so good!  Their gyro meat is meatier than most gyro's I've had and has a little bit different seasoning as well.  I recommend the Sleepy Gyro if you want a salad!  Just try this place out and you won't be disappointed!
"""Now, I am not an expert on resort living, but I must say that in my hotel experiences, staying at the Gainey was very nice!  My room had a \sitting area\"""" and full kitchen, which for my purposes was a bit excessive, but nice to have the extra space to spread out since I had many work clothes and needed the room to iron, etc.   The complimentary breakfast in the morning was more than I had expected and included hot items as well as cold, though I must say, the bread choices were nill (they had no whole wheat items).  It also started at 7am, which did not work out for us the day we left for the airport since we were out of there by 6:15am.  They also do not have room service for breakfast, which was a bit of a nuisance.  They had quite a nice spread for our group lunch, which we had out on their patio outside and was really refreshing (veggie and meat wraps, soup, salad, cheese, fruit and crackers with a yummy strawberry cake!).  Meeting space was spacious and did the job, though was a little on the loud side being near the elevators. I will say, in the end, that this would be an above average hotel room and an average resort."""""""
Excellent breakfast.  Great coffee from Cartel.  We have been here twice and have read the disappointing reviews in recent months.  I really like businesses that buy local, and I love the MJ bread that is served.  I was disappointed that there was not a vegetarian option for the Croque Monsieur, but I asked for my eggs over medium with gruyere cheese and they were perfect!  That is not easy to cook.  My companion asked for a substitution of ham in his omelet, and it came out very nice.  They also added some fresh avocado with my vegetarian request.\n\nAs far as the wait staff, we found them to be just fine.  In our first visit I had to send back my plate, and there was no attitude in returning my plate.  Each time our plates came out fast.  The only thing I might comment on is that there was no check back after we received our food this time.  I use to wait tables and that is standard to check back as soon as the food goes out.  When I gestured to my coffee cup at the waiter from across the room he promptly came to fill it up, so I did not find the rude attitude that people wrote of.  Honestly, this place may have been a victim of it's own success and it may have misstepped with some of it's old customer base, but they seem to be on track now.
Well known with some, but strangely still a well-kept secret from many . . . you gotta try them out. Food is a unique alternative to all the other Southwestern-theme restaurants. Additionally, these guys are a class act. I was having some issues with my bank and debit card. Andrew, the owner, went the extra mile when he didn't need to. Great happy hour specials. Love the Pozole, cheese crisp, NY Carne Asada. It's hard not to order the green chile stew every time, though, but I want to try a lot of other items. Nice atmosphere and outdoor seating is perfect in the evenings.
Anyone who knows me knows how serious I take my BBQ. The problem with living in the far east valley is the lack of quality restaurants near by. Even with a dry cleaner, among other small mom and pop shops near by this place does a good job of drawing you in with the smoky and sweet smell of slow cooked meat. This is not your backyard grilled meats masquerading as BBQ after hiding under a overdose of super sweet sauce. No! this is meat the way it was meant to be cooked. Big hunks of meat cooked low and slow transforming into tender and juicy meat so good tasting you will wish you had three stomachs.\n\nLOL sorry kind of wandered off there for a minute but I'm back now. \n\nAnyways the place is set up very simply with small yet well spaced out tables each offering one of three kinds of sauce (sweet, mild, and I believe a hot version. Now I like sauce but had to say I was not a big fan of these. The owner seemed to have added Italian salad dressing to them as a way to add extra flavor. \n\nIn the past I have heard of others doing this but in this case it did nothing but add a weird after taste to the sauce. The hot version had a good kick but again had the same after taste issue. I recommend just forgoing their sauce altogether and just using one you have at home. Anyways moving on to the main attraction which is the meat. Others who have reviewed this place said it had a great smoky flavor and My texas brisket sandwich did not disappoint. \n\nThe meat was tender, had a good outside bark and smoke ring letting me know the person cooking this food knew what they were doing. As this was my first time here I just stuck to the meat (no sides this trip) but my friend has and thought the cole slaw was ok but was kind of watery. If you have a sweet tooth they also offer sweet treats like pecan pie and cookies. Overall I have to say the food I had was good and I do look forward to trying other menu items in the future. The prices may keep some people away but while you are going to pay more than you would for one of those fake BBQ Mc rib sandwiches I say it is more than worth it. Don't believe me then try it for yourself.
Mmm...came here the other night before a show at ASU Gammage. We had a group of six around a big round corner booth. Very comfortable and great laid-back tavern vibe. Our server was vibrant (literally - with purple hair and purple fingernails) and very friendly, we enjoyed her a lot. We ordered the blackened salmon Caesar salad and it was perfect. Juicy tender salmon with lots of blackened seasoning. The dressing was VERY good, not your average grocery store Caesar. Our friends had the fish and chips, the turkey crossaint, and the blackened salmon berry salad. Great reviews all around. The berries were amazing. The clam chowder was also very good.\n\nDecent beer list as well and very reasonable prices - something like $3.50 for a pint of a good IPA or a Blue Moon.  It wasn't even Happy Hour!  Definitely looking forward to returning.\n\nOnly complaint is the same with many venues around Phoenix: the patio was way too smokey to even consider sitting out there.
I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner around New Years, and we had an excellent experience. Good service and amazing food. I'm not usually a huge oyster fan but since it was J's birthday, we ordered oysters as an appetizer. Let me tell you. Best decision EVER. These were, by far, the most amazing oysters I've ever eaten. Order them, it will be the best decision you'll make that day.\nI had the bone-in filet which was, of course, delicious and perfect. The bf ordered Chilean Sea Bass because it was recommended by our server over his other choice of rack of lamb. I personally would always choose a steak because this is a steakhouse but he wanted something different. The sea bass was good, but not as amazing as he wanted it to be. But like I said, it's a steakhouse, you should order steak. Nonetheless, I'm fairly certain he enjoyed his meal. We also had the Lobster Mashed Potatoes which is definitely worth ordering - buttery, with large chunks of lobster, and just melt in your mouth goodness. Note that the side serving is generous, so one side is probably more than plenty for 2 people, especially if you've ordered an appetizer; between the two of us, we had a good amount of leftovers for snacking on another day. (The mashed potatoes were a lovely pre-dinner snack on New Years Day while we were recovering.)\n\nThe one negative I have to say is that I have eaten at other Maestro's that I feel have a bit of a nicer ambience - or maybe we just came on a particularly busy evening - it was loud and felt very crowded. Even though our table had plenty of room, I still felt fairly squashed. Don't get me wrong, I still enjoyed the food, and would return here for another special occasion. I just don't expect a super intimate setting - cozy and dark, yes, but with the addition of lots of chatter from the bar, which to me, changes the ambience.\n\nTip: Reservations are a must for busy nights - and try to be as punctual as possible. We were running late and they said they would only hold our table for an additional 15 minutes.
Cafe Boa has a delicious collection of dishes, some with strong or spicy flavors, others more finely tuned and nuanced.  I was struck by how extremely fresh their cheeses and other ingredients were. It is a perfect atmosphere for romantic dinners or lunches with friends  I always get the Shrimp Adriatica before my meal.\n\nOne odd note:  their menu recently removed the titles of items, which increases the difficulty in ordering somewhat.  I knew some of the names of things, as did our waiter, but when I ordered by reciting the description of my selection both he and I kind of rolled our eyes at the ridiculousness of the situation.\n\nAlso, if you're there on a Friday or Saturday night, and you elect to sit on the patio, know that at 9pm the nightclub upstairs and across the parking lot will begin to blast you with music.  It probably wouldn't be so bad except that the music Cafe Boa plays is quite noticeably good.
"""For this pinche Gringo, this place rocks. \nIt's a very festive place to both shop and dine. Their food offerings through their \Cafe\"""" or whatever they call it is endless. \nIt's a great spot to grab a cheap lunch. They are usually busy, so allow yourself 10-15 minutes between ordering and actually eating. \nTheir Agua Frescos are delicious. I recommend the Melon. It's sweetened Cantaloupe puree, served on ice. There are little melon chunkies, small enough to slurp through a straw. \nOf all the food I've had there, it was good. Carnitas, carne asada gorditas, etc. \nSo if you want to immerse yourself in good food and some lively people take a drive down to Ranch Market...."""""""
Now although I am not a fan of the location on Dunlap, I am a fan of the location on Camelback. I am not sure if they are run by the same people however at this location you do not need to turn your purse in at the door before you are allowed to look around the store. However their staff is walking around and checking on things to help deter any theft which is great!\n\nI shop at this location from time to time as its a little bit closer than their competition and alot smaller. The staff are friendly and knowledgeable and their selection of products for black women is not quite as large as their competition but all in all not bad. So if you are looking for another beauty supply besides Sally's check out this particular United Beauty Supply location.
Haven't been here in ages, but went with a friend on Sunday.\nThe weekend buffet is when to go -- more items than weekday.\nI would give this place 5 stars if it had a few more items, but all the dishes are good! Nice atmosphere, nice tables, and attentive service.\nI'm actually awarding 4 1/2 stars.\n\nMy inside skinny: \nThe carmelized onions with the tandoori chicken are yummy!\nThey also have a goat dish that's very good ---- WATCH OUT FOR BONES, CHEW CAREFULLY. Sometimes the bones are obvious, sometimes small.\n\nThis is one of the best Indian restaurants in the PHX valley, and they have awards on the wall to prove it. I'm not the only one saying this. I think there are only a few places in the valley for Indian food for me (but I haven't been to every one in the valley) -- this place, The Dhaba in Tempe on Apache, and one other that has a great buffet but I haven't been there in years because it's far away. Somewhere in Mesa perhaps?
What a pleasant surprise - to find an authentic Cuban restaurant in the state of Arizona!!!!  I had the typical beef plate with rice and beans and maduros.  I've been thinking about the maduros all week long!!!! Pretty standard Cuban food and it was excellent.  It lead me to ask the waitress where the owners are from - one is from New York and the other Cuba which is why the food is really really authentic.  We topped the food off with a really good pitcher of sangria while a Cuban band played live Cuban music in front of us.  For me, this was a 4 star night.  This is a very casual place  My only complaint is that it is sort of pricey.  Two entrees, a half pitcher of sangria and 2 appetizers was over $80.   We'll absolutely go back again!!!
What a great neighborhood family owned place!!  The spring rolls are very fresh and delicious.  The Pho is amazing...when i am sick it always makes me feel better.  I get brisket only Pho :)  The brisket is a little more tasty than sirloin.  The pork fried rice is tasty! and healthy portions!  Tamarind soda is nice quench thirster... if you have never had it or heard of it... its a must!  The service is a little relaxed but very courteous and nice.  \nOnly downfall is they do not serve alcohol and they close a little early...8:30pm.
I love Stinkweeds, it might be small, but it is packed with tons of great music.  The staff is friendly and knowledgeable, they let you do your own thing, but they are completely approachable if you have any questions.  I have enjoyed seeing some of the in-store performances they have.  I also love the fact that they have promotional material for new releases, and I have gotten quite a few posters there.  I almost always buy my concert tickets there as well, I will gladly support Stinkweeds when I can.\n\nThe only complaint I have is when it gets busy in there, it is incredibly difficult to move around and it can get pretty hot in there.  I do have to admit I miss the other locations.
Everyone knows that I love pizza & vino, so if you share my love for a great  pie and a glass of grape juice look no further for your next big night out.  Classic Italian is well hidden under the clock tower in the Waterworks mall at Baseline/Lakeshore rd. in Tempe AZ. but well worth finding.  The pizzas are hand stretched & prepared in a wood fire brick oven using Pecan wood!  My favorte of the bunch is called the 4 Seasons, wow what a pizza.  The crust is delicate & thin, the house made sauce is wonrderful and there is always a reasonably priced bottle of wine to pair with everything on the menu.  The ambiance is comfortable and the service has always been good.  A great place for date night! DO IT!
What can I say about Guanaquito that has not already been said? This place is fantastic! I have had two opportunities to try their Pupusa plate and it's just fantastic. The pupusas are cooked to a perfect crisp on the outside. The inside is warm with meat and cheese. Even the rice and beans are great. I will hold back on giving the 5 stars because I want to try other dishes besides the pupusas, but I feel that Guanaquito will earn my 5th star and my loyalty easily!
"""The Phoenix Symphony Hall is right around the corner from the Washington and 3rd Street Metro Rail stop. What a nice alternative to the parking nightmare downtown can be sometimes, especially if there is more than one event going on. From the looks of the return crowd at the station, it seemed that plenty of people shared our enthusiasm for the new access to downtown culture.\n\nSymphony Hall is a very nice venue, with huge hallways perfect for mingling, a couple of espresso bars, a gift counter, and good sized restrooms. The seats are fairly comfortable, with enough leg room that this 5'11\ girl can actually stretch her legs all the way out. I have found the ushers and staff always friendly.\n\nI've seen a number of concerts, special performances, and operas here over the years, and although I am grossly unqualified to judge the quality of the symphony itself, I have enjoyed most everything I have seen. I do like that they offer a wide variety of programs, from The Flying Dutchman to Bugs Bunny on Broadway, and make an effort to appeal to people of varying musical tastes."""""""
"""When I want to splurge on eating out, this is one of the few places my boyfriend and I can agree on. I put up with the noisy, cramped, uber trendy dining experience just to eat a \Delux Burger.\"""" Gruyere cheese, caramelized onions, smoked bacon & arugala with a side of sweet potato fries - yes please. That is one freakin awesome burger. \n\nAnd the Banana Split Lava Cake - oh man. What a beast of a desert. It's WAY more than enough for two people...we couldn't even finish it. It's practically the size of a baby. Or maybe a small dog. I think I heard a few \""""ooohs\"""" and \""""aaaaahs\"""" from other patrons when it was brought to our table.\n\nFor everyone who complains that they've had cheaper, better burgers, I would really really REALLY like them to tell me where, exactly, those can be found. Seriously, I need to know."""""""
I dropped into the Phoenix Art Museum on a whim this past Tuesday night (Tuesdays are the night it's opened until 9pm which is also FREE ADMISSION night).  I was pleasantly surprised by their collection and their special exhibits. It's not at the same level of most large metropolitan art museums, but it has a lot to see and there are a few items that stand out. The building is somewhat maze like, but that makes it fun and interesting, as well, as the chance to return to see things you missed during previous visits. \n\nRemember, Tuesday nights are FREE, so it's a great opportunity to take the family away from the TV and see something different.
As the mom of  2 kids (a 3 year old and a 8 month old) it seems to be very difficult to find a nice place to eat that is very comfortable and casual- and somewhere that people don't give you evil looks and comments  for bringing kids (Carraba's). We have been here a few times for lunch and the food has always been good. Not great, but pretty good and inexpensive. I will say though that their french fries are some of the best I've had! I would much rather come here than IHOP
"""I went to Rustler's Roost last night with some out of town guests.  The atmosphere and the rustic look to the place was definitely a plus and the views were amazing... I see why so many past reviewers said the sunset was to die for!\n\nWe started off in the saloon for happy hour.  Discounted prices on their appetizers ($3 each) and a brewsky.  They serve all the adult beverages in mason jars which added a nice flair to the place.  The zucchini logs were to die for...  I was looking forward to dinner!\n\nI ordered the top sirloin that was \prime\"""" that they had highlighted on the menu.  It came with homemade rolls/biscuits, family style salad for the table to share, green beans, beans (tasty!) and corn on the cob.  The steak was cooked perfectly (rare) but I didn't feel that it had too much flavor.  Don't get me wrong -- I still ate almost all of it!  \n\nMy favorite part of the evening had to be the magician that came by our table.  He really was entertaining and had me mind boggled  in the 5 minutes he was at our table \""""tricking\"""" us.  \n\nDefinitely will be visiting the Rooste again!"""""""
This is definitely one of the best places to get sushi in Tempe. Unfortunately Tempe doesn't have as many options as Scottsdale does. I would definitely head to Old Town Scottsdale or North Scottsdale where I think the sushi is better for the price. Kabuki is pretty expensive, but I would guess it has to be based on it's prime location at Tempe Marketplace. The service is great and the selection of food outside of sushi is large as well. They definitely cater to a variety of tastes so if you aren't in the mood for sushi you can still find great food to satisfy you. If you're in the area or shopping at Tempe Marketplace I highly recommend Kabuki.
While a little bit pricey, the food and service make up for it.  The location is awesome in Tempe and has both indoor and outdoor dinning.  The upstairs layout is a little funky once it gets crowded.  Service was quick and the food was served hot.  We had:  \n\nChefs Sampler\nSteak Medallions with Crab Stuffed Shrimp\nChilean Seabass\nA Lemonade/Peach/Vodka Concoction \n\nWe were SOO stuffed after the appetizer that we barely made it through our courses.  Would definitely go back as there were many other menu items to try!
I love the traditional Mexican food here.  Try every variety of taco they have - I'll bet you've never tasted tongue so good!  Seriously, the lengua taco is really tasty, as are all the other varieties. Don't be shy.  The carne asada is the traditional streeet taco style and won't dissappoint.  The barbacoa is excellent too, just close your eyes and ignore the psychedelic pink color.  The flan is homemade, and excellent.  Prices are more than fair, and service is quick.  They serve beer and maragaritas (I don't know what else).  Maria, the owner is always friendly and will remember you if she sees you a  few times.\nThe only bad thing about this place is the incessant parade of panhandlers through the parking lot and the outdoor patio.  I eat outdoors whenever the weather is remotely tolerable (a byproduct of growing up in Minnesota where you can eat outside about one day a year between the snow and mosquito seasons), but am sick and tired of being harassed by red-eyed, toothless meth-heads.  And I don't come here after dark - same reason.  Thank goodness it is staying light later now that spring is here, because the food is really good.
It was my first time at La Bocca and I was pleasantly surprised. Mill Avenue is not my usual preferred place to dine but after a fabulous performance at the gammage, I was hungry! So hungry that I couldn't wait to drive to eat. My friend recommended La Bocca because apparently, she used to frequent this establishment for happy hour quite frequently for their half off wine by glass. I will have to take advantage of that another time. Tonight I was all about food, although I did end up ordering one of their malbecs. I just can't pass up trying a new malbec. \n\nWe ended up ordering the plank of brucetta (pulled pork, roasted garlic & spinach, salmon, goat cheese & ?). My friend warned me that it was not like Postino's brucetta, which then I was immediately discouraged but took a chance anyway. I was very happy with the risk! The bread was not too overbearing and the toppings of fresh ingredients were plentiful that made me longing for more. We then ordered the sicily pizza. I give them credit for trying to make their pizza different than other pizzas in Phoenix. Their crust is much larger and poofier and the dough is super thin in the middle of the pizza. The body of the pizza is so thin that the oil and topping juices seeped through and turned the pizza slightly soggy. Not my favorite but because the toppings were so fresh and flavorful, I didn't mind it. \n\nIf I ever want to dine in Mill Ave, I will definitely come back to La Bocca's.
This is a great example of an old style diner. The average age on Sunday morning was 60+ and all heavy eaters. \n\nThe food was good to average. I enjoyed the pancake, biscuit, eggs, grits and ham steak.  I sampled the gravy and it seemed pretty good as long as you like pepper. Overall I thought this place deserved better reviews than I read. We had great service and we were seated right away. \n\nMy only suggestion would be that someone sell them some homemade local jelly or jam to top their biscuits with. I mean come on....small packets of Smuckers for their signature item?
Two words: Ricotta cheese\n\nYes, it costs extra for all the things I like on my pizza, and I was shocked when I ordered a large and a personal pizza one night and the total was $45, (and they put jalapenos on both when I had only ordered it on one) but it just tastes so good. The personal pizza is definitely big enough for 2 people to enjoy. \n\nMy recommendations:\n- Pizza with Ricotta Cheese, Sausage and Jalapenos. \n- Pizza with Ricotta Cheese, Chicken, Sundried Tomatoes, Basil\n\nOur service wasn't great the first time we went to lunch. I think our server was new because the manager came by to ask if anyone had helped us before we ever saw him. But that aside, the food is great.
We went to Chompie's after church on Sunday and arrived about 12:30.  The only reason that I am not giving Chompie's five stars is because after being seated, the wait for the food was long.  However, don't let that stop you from going.  The food is fantastic and worth waiting for.  I had bagels and lox and can't say enough about the smoked salmon.  It was tender and delicious.  The dish also came with sliced tomatoes (and they were actually juicy), cucumbers, red onions, lettuce and olives.  Other members of our family ordered the Biltmore Benedick - that tasty salmon on muffins, topped with eggs and a creamy white sauce - and the Chicago hot dog which has every condiment imagineable piled on top.  We ate tons of Jewish dill pickles while we waited for our food and asked for another plateful which was delivered to us ASAP.\n\nI enjoy this Chompie's more than the one at Paradise Valley Mall because it has more personality.  Be sure to check out the baked goods behind the bakery counter!  They also sell day old bagels for a discounted price that would still taste great toasted.  Our waiter was friendly and knowledgeable and checked on us often.\n\nI haven't eaten at very many Jewish delis in NYC, but this is as good as my favorite deli in Philly.
I am going to admit that I was pleasantly surprised by Frasher's. \n\nNormally I wouldn't be caught dead in a steakhouse being that I am a vegetarian, but the bar area here is pretty cool. Nice, dark and loungy. \n\nThey had really tasty fried ravioli, bread and the ooey gooey cake. Yeah. That cake was godly. \n\nWe had amazing service. Our server was extremely attentive and friendly. We got our food and drinks really quickly. And it was still warm when it got to the table. That's a plus. ha \n\nMy one negative comment stems from the bathroom. They had some cleaning chemicals lying around and I kind of felt like I was in a meth lab. \nNot that I know what a meth lab looks like, but one can assume. \n\nGood location... McDowell and Scottsdale... or just north of McDowell. It's far enough away from everything to not be crowded, but a good place to add into the rotation. \n\nI cannot wait to go back for that cake... mmmmm,,,,
It's a day like any other, or so you think. \nDuring your daily exercise session, a short walk to the mailbox, everything is about to change.\nYou're a goner now.\nIt's a letter from the class reunion committee with your wife's hyphenated maiden name on it, and this can only mean one thing.\nSaying goodbye to carbs for the next 3 months as she starts serving up swill with hefty amounts of god forsaken vegetables and no carbs. \nYes, she'll try any diet to lose weight, and on her way down, into this veggie-eating, omni-farting hell, take you with her in the process. \n\nIt's ok, don't panic.\nYou're a yuppie remember? You live downtown in one of those overpriced lofts, within walking distance from the Arizona Center. \n\nHere's my recommendation.\n\nWalk to Sam's. It's a few more steps than the mailbox, but at least you won't find any unwanted surprises. \nCarb loading? You bet. \nOrder the Desert Fire Pasta, Pancho's Carnitas, or the Chicken Quesadilla. \nAll noteworthy, especially if you're trying to negate the affects of your wife's cabbage-reunion soup. \nSam's delights. Try it.
This is the best Goodwilll.  Every other Saturday they have 50% off everything.  Typically there is a line waiting to get in 45 minutes before the store opens.  On these days the furniture section is packed to the brim, and it is the first section to be cleared out by customers.  They run out of carts and I have seen people almost throw punches.  It is madness.  On Thursdays all items with a certain color tag are $1.  \n\nGranted, it is not a clean store.  Sometimes in the summer it gets rather warm.  I won't use the restroom.  But, I have found some great bargains.  I view it as a giant garage sale rather than a store in the mall.
If you have a college ID, don't forget to bring it! I forgot mine at the house and they charge $4 or $5 more per ticket, what a rip...\nWhen we went inside where the usher took our tickets, my friends were given a hard time because the ticket person gave us the wrong refund to one of our tickets.  And because the movie was rated R and one of my friends didn't have an ID, they gave them the hardest time. We are older adults, not old, but older...and I had to show my ID.  It was a bit annoying, but I guess they're super anal at this theater.  I Joked and said, I'm over 25 so I should be able to take them in right? lol\n\nOverall, this place has a nice environment for a theater.  I've seen some horrid ones.  The chairs are comfortable, where the armrest fold up. My friends and I went to the movies after tubing at the river.  I thought I was going to fall asleep, but I didn't because the movie we watched was hilarious.  My friend, on the other hand, fell asleep in the theater and started snoring...
I'm originally from Phoenix's Encanto District. Whenever I'm back in town visiting my parents, it's a pleasure to come back to Copper Star Coffee.\n\nPart of the reason to head to Copper Star is the ambiance: it's a converted vintage gas station with a quirky, welcoming feel. Light streams in through the glass-paneled garage door and, with the cafe's tall ceilings, the space feels at once very large and very cozy. I've come here to work the past, but unlike some coffee shops, Copper Star is never completely overrun by laptops. There are always pairs or groups of friends here having a good time. Nevertheless, if productivity is what you want, the shop is never too loud, there's free WiFi, and there are a couple plugs along the west wall. I've definitely had some productive afternoons tinkering away at one of their long communal tables. \n\nThe quality of service at Copper Star has consistently been excellent. The folks are nice, approachable, and ready to help, and interacting with them has always been a joy. The coffee is good -- I'm a no-fuss, black coffee girl, but trust them about the iced cappuccino on really hot days -- and, if you're more of a tea person, they're one of the few places nearby that stock Harney & Sons, one of my favorite tea blenders in the US. I've had a couple pastries and the veggie sandwich, and they were delicious.\n\nIn sum: If you're a Phoenician in need of a charming, quality coffee shop in your neighborhood to spend time with friends or solo, go to Copper Star.  You're welcome.
At this location, it's easy to tumble in, buy healthy anything and everything, and tumble out....So why four stars and not five?---They use to have Ben and (you know)ice creme, Chunky Monkey---No more....:(\nBut they have fruit, juices, nuts, eggs, cereal, sodas, wines, meats, on, and on, and on...even recycled bags! (though I wouldn't eat the bags....)\nIt's a bit pricey...Why so pricey?---I guess for the privilege of buying something healthy?...vs...something fabricated by DOW chemicals and produce shot full of altered chromosomal waste!
Interesting name, Interesting place. Pretty darn good food! Had an enjoyable lunch of Habiscis Iced Tea and a Cottage Pie Pasty. I was bummed they were out of oven chips.  The restaurant is small and narrow, but packs in a good crowd.  If it wasn't lunch and I didn't have a long way to drive, I would have tried a beer, since they are a pub too. The waitress did a good job keeping my tall glass of tea filled. The food doesn't come out quickly, but thats fine since the pasty was delicious. My friend who I met there for lunch mentioned how it would be nice if they had a sampler platter of select pasties to try, as there is a plethora of choices on the menu, including a list of vegetarian pasties. If I am in Tempe in the near future, I'll make sure to remember this place. Not easy to find at first, but a darn good discovery to make.
Review update! \n\nAfter a less than stellar experience the first time around, Charlotte the owner was very kind in sending me a note to apologize for my bad experience. She didn't argue with me, or try to buy me off with a gift card.\n\nHaving said that, I popped into this location again and gave it another shot. I had a much better experience. I stayed away from the milkshake, and went strictly with the frozen yogurt.\n\nMojo, you've won my trust back. Thank you again Charlotte!
The Parlor is as good as all the reviews say it is. I could end right there but I will divulge a bit more. \n\nFirst, I will talk about the atmosphere. It's absolutely adorable and you'd never guess just how adorable from busy Camelback Road. Hidden behind those cement walls lie an enclosed patio with a fresh herb garden and plenty of shaded seating. They also have tables in the doorway so if you are torn between eating inside or outside, there's always the option of halfway in between! \n\nMoving on to the food, the pizza literally melts in the mouth. I went to lunch here with fellow yelper Carolyn S who had been here many times before. She went for a pizza and said they were delicious, so I just had to do to the same and I am so happy I did! I got the Funghi pizza which has mushrooms and goat cheese, but I added mozzarella to it for that extra cheesy taste. The pizza crust is soft and crunchy in all the right places. The pizza was heavily topped with mushrooms and the cheeses and had the perfect amount of bite to it with a great taste. I could have finished every last piece but I got about half way there. The cool thing is that they have eight inch pizzas so everyone can order their own pizza which is nice since so many times, people like different pizza toppings. \n\nAs I was leaving, I noticed a cool bar on the other side of the restaurant and think this would be a great option for some drinks on a night out. \n\nI can't wait to come back again!
"""I can't believe this place is not packed on a Saturday night, the food is to die for! I'm visiting from California and I know good Mexican food.  This restaurant deserves your patronage! It is a \hole in the wall,\"""" so throw on some comfy clothes and come here!\n\nThe chicken mole is out if this world, very good sized portions, you will have leftovers for lunch the next day. We also had the shrimp dinner (I requested spicy).  I have never had anything like it. The shrimps were perfectly cooked, juicy and flavorful and the spicy sauce was just epic.  \n\nMy friend and I couldn't believe no one was here.  I will definitely be back each year when I'm out for spring training!"""""""
I went here for lunch on a Sunday. The parking lot had quite a few cars, but I got right in. :-) \n\nI got the buffet and had the chick peas salad (very good), chicken tikka masala (flavor was great, but the chicken was slightly dry), goat masala (this was amazing), and their tandoori chicken (which was some of the best I have had). Overall a great lunch. \n\nWould have done 5 stars if it wasn't for the dry chicken tikka.
"""Happy 4th of July! \n\nThe girls and I got a room at the Valley Ho this weekend to celebrate our nations birthday. We had more fun then we anticipated. :-) \n\nFirst the room was very nice! Perfectly located on the second floor over looking the pool area with a nice patio and clean. We quickly unpacked, had a cocktail and headed to the pool. With hotel pools high on everyone's to-do list every summer I like the Ho 'cuz they don't let the \riffraff\"""" in; you have to be a guest of the hotel to frequent the pool on \""""party session\"""" days. The pool isn't huge so this helps to keep the environment fun and not cramped. The pool bar also had some great specials on drinks; $15 buckets of beer (4 Peaks and PBR), $6 fruity cocktails and some appetizer specials. \n\nOnce back to the room it was time to get ready for the night festivities... with four girls you know that more shampoo, towels and robes were a must. Georgeann G. to the rescue, she quickly phones the from desk and in less than 5 minutes there was a knock on the door. So fast! \n\nOver all we all had a great time. Affordable prices, great location, clean, friendly staff, and great location to start the night party. You can walk to Trader Vic's, Mable's on Main and the Coach House."""""""
As a true Mexican from Mexico myself, I was skeptical of trying out this place at first, but it was love at first bite. I brought my madre along and she is an expert connoisseur of Mexican food and she enjoyed it as well. The guacamole is a mouth watering explosion in your mouth that will make you want to scream at first due to the amount of flavor transmitted to your senses by this exquisite recipe. \nI have tried many things there, their fish tacos, their carne asada tacos and I have to say the carne asada tacos arent the best, the meat tends to have a sweet taste-like flavor that isn't really appropriate for Mexican food but their tortas were to die for as well as their Paloma drinks, delicious. \nI due have some complaints, the service tends to be HORRIBLE, everytime I have been there it has been an awful experience dealing with their staff, and considering its a small place, there really shouldn't be a lack of service on their part. But if it weren't for their delicious food I wouldn't go back. Try their carne asada torta, its love at first bite. \nBy the way, the food isn't entirely authentic Mexican food as its more upscale gourmet American Mexican food but it does the job.
D'lish can be hit and miss, but when it's a hit, it is soooo good. I love their breakfast sandwhiches, and they usually have really good coffee. It gets really busy on the weekends, so prepare to wait a while if you're there on a Saturday or Sunday morning. If you ever drive by on the weekend and don't see a line, you owe it to yourself to pull off and get something to eat. \n\nI typically get their egg and cheese breakfast sandwich, and I'll add either bacon or chicken sausage. My wife loves the croissant sandwich, which has egg, cheese, tomato, bacon and pesto. We'll also typically get coffees or a blended protein drink or something. \n\nIt's a great place to come for breakfast and coffee, but at times, the wait is really long, and the food/service can suffer when it's really busy. I'll continue to go there pretty much every weekend. Highly recommend.
Unfortunately, we did not eat here. it was the starting point of a bike pub ride but we did get a chance to check the place out. \n\nas the name mentions, it is a sausage fest. the beer menu looks really well-rounded. i just liked the decor. it occupy's the old Old Town Scottsdale Oreganos but they added their own touch. that tiny parking lot has been converted to a seating area and it feels like a little hideaway right in the middle of scottsdale. there was a fire pit and lots of people mingling and drinking. \n\nwe would like to check the place out again for some beers and pretzels (which smelled amazing!).
Each time we visit the Chandler area we stop in at Guedo's to grab some juicy tacos with various fillings.  Without fail the shrimp taco is a HIT!  Actually, everything is a hit down to the Horchata and the Chocolate Chihuahua cake!  Seriously, if you want some tacos to down at a decent price this is the place to visit.  The ambiance is quite serene with sand floors, mood lighting  :), and lots of photos and articles about the establishment.  It's a plus, also, to have the proprietor taking orders and ringing up the orders.  Really, you must try Guedo's, it does not disappoint!
"""I usually stop by Lee's Sandwiches before/after doing my grocery shopping at Lee Lee (right across the street) depending on how hungry I am.\n\nI like Lee's because they keep it very clean and organized inside.  They have a nice selection of sandwiches (not just banh mi) and other assorted goodies, plus a bevy of drinks to quench your thirst.\n\nTheir ingredients and bread have been fresh every time I've gone in, and what this results in is me stuffing my face, all the while going \nom nom nom\"""", and thinking about the ladies from the Nom Nom Truck...oops sorry, I'm daydreaming again!\n\nIf you've never had banh mi, you might think that it is weird to get a bbq pork sandwich with parsley, carrots, pickled radish and sliced jalapenos, but I implore you to try one.  You just might not go back to regular sandwiches.\n\nThe only downside is that they only take cash, but then again, it ultimately saves you some dough (worth it!).  If you're like me and would rather just not eat than pay an ATM fee, you might not care, but they do have an ATM machine (or two, I'm not sure) if you forget to bring cash."""""""
What can you say about a Target that isn't already known... well, for starters I am SO GLAD they put this new Target in this place.  It is way more convenient for me and I love the newness of it and the added grocery section that make 'a quick run' to pick up necessities really 'quick'.\n\nStaff has always been pleasant... their racks of clothes are always plentiful, especially the clearance area.  I pretty much buy everything from Target unless I need bulk (costco) or specialty (sprouts/whole foods)... I stay as far away from WM as I possibly can!
"""After everyone's \connection\"""" to a mechanic failed me, I turned to my trusty friend Yelp.  My car's check engine light was on and needed to pass emissions.  Tempe Auto was fast, professional, and honest. I had taken the car to another shop and they said it would take a few days to fix- these guys had it done in a few hours.  They said they work with lots of students/ out of state parents.  (Luckily my dad was in town at the time...and I'm not even a student anymore. I am, however, a spoiled brat.)  \n\nI recommended the shop to a friend who had a mystery issue with his car.  They ran diagnostics/checked it out and didn't find anything wrong.  They didn't charge him anything.  \n\nCheck em out!"""""""
My boyfriend and his family personally know the people who run this place and have been regulars here for years. Given that I am half Mexican (raised on Tex Mex and Sonoran Mexican food), I tend to be more on the picky side when it comes to branching out and trying different regions of Mexican food. So my first time here I was a little on edge... it's definitely a different style than what I'm used to.\n\nThis is not your generic Mexican food (Carols O'Brien's, Macayos, Chevy's, Manuel's), this is authentic. If you're used to spice and flavor complexity, this is a milder, more bland (not in a bad way) Mexican joint. They use more green sauces as opposed to red, and queso fresco (white, crubmly, look it up) as opposed to cheddar or American. For those who can't handle a lot of spicy - this is probably the place for you.\n\nWhile it's not what I'm used to I really enjoy their food. The waiters really make you feel at home. It's a great place for a family dinner with options on the menu for everyone.
I just finished up a gift certificate to Yoga Pura (5 sessions). Most of it was used on a Yin Yoga class (Monday nights at 7:30). Yin Yoga involves mostly stretching focusing mostly on your spine and hips. Postures are held for anywhere from 3-10 minutes. Nyla, the instructor, is such a peaceful, calming influence. I was so impressed with the fact that she noticed I was new to her class right away and yet she made me feel completely welcome. \n\nI also attended a flow class one Saturday morning. I've done vinyasa yoga before but never been exposed to binding positions. I found this class to be more challenging, but still enjoyable. Next time, I'll introduce myself to the instructor in advance and be sure to pick a spot where I can see better. \n\nThe only reason I took off a star is because the rooms are often stinky from the sweaty folks in the class before. A sign of a good workout, but I wish they would try to air them out a bit between sessions. AND, because, I was really only interested in the flow and yin (once I tried it) classes and I found the limited offerings difficult to work into my schedule.\n\nStill, I'm glad to have discovered this sanctuary for the mind and spirit so close to home! I'll be back. (You don't have to be a member, you can just drop in at $17 a class)
"""Great service from Decy. \n\nThe business model is great and the owner is so helpful. Prices are very reasonable from what I could see and though some dresses are once worn, they do a great job of cleaning it to \like new\"""". Selection is much smaller than a traditional bridal salon but this may be the place you find your gem. Although I didn't find my dress here, I was encouraged by their constant refresh in inventory and the few unique vintage styles I did see. \n\nI agree with the other reviewer in that it is hard to find. It neighbors a church in a quiet shopping center."""""""
Met up with a bunch of folks over here last night. Located in the new Tempe Marketplace it is a busy hang out.\n\nI don't know about the food (didn't eat), but playing skeeball drunk just works... And amazingly the prizes you earn with your tickets are decent (compared to pizza joints that rip off little kids for junk). I got myself a nice shiny Dave and Busters shot glass.\n\nUnfortunately the upstairs was not yet open... I will return for air hockey when it does.
"""I am surprised to see the average for this place is only 3 stars. As a frequenter of many tempe sushi establishments, I think kabuki is a great spot for Japanese food. We went during happy hour with a group of 7, and even though nobody was drinking alcohol, we recieved excellent and fast service. Their happy hour is fantastic; they have really affordable appetizer and sushi rolls from 3-6, as well as drink specials (obviously). I also like that they have a vast menu, so even people who are not comfortable with sushi can still find something they will enjoy. For those who ARE comfortable with the raw, I like trying something new each time I go, and I haven't been disappointed yet. I also really like that they give you free edamame to start with - many places charge for it, although only a few dollars. \n\n***If you save room for dessert, be sure to try the Tempura Banana....omg. It's like heaven in your mouth! I would return for that alone. If Tempura Banana is available as a dessert option I almost always go for it, but this one is the best I've had anywhere. \n\nOverall, I think Kabuki has a wonderful menu and great service. If you're in the tempe area, it's worth trying out!  Only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because it's pretty corporate/chain-y, and not as \unique\"""" as some other places. But if you're new to the Japanese food scene, it's a safe (and delicious) bet!"""""""
"""Rainbow Donuts is the survivor of a dying breed.  Donuts, coffee and a few other breakfast items.  So simple, so good, and so hard to find.  The only thing this place seems to be missing is a drive through.  But then again, if you're picking up donuts, you can probably use that 10 foot walk from your car to the store.\n\nThe donuts are soft, sweet and light. Not too greasy and oily, and not too caky or spongy.  I can eat three or four of Rainbow's Donuts and not get that sick \why did I have so many\"""" feeling.  The donuts are also a little smaller than most places, but they're also cheaper.  The selection is pretty big, and it would be pretty hard to not to find something worth trying.  It's kind of weird that there's quite a few different prices for the types of donuts, but that may save you a few cents in the long run, so I guess it works out.\n\nRainbow is open everyday from 4am to 7pm.  If you're looking for a treat on your way downtown, it's the perfect place to stop for a few minutes.  The parking lot is very small, but parking isn't very difficult.  Most people don't hang around very long.  It's very quick in and out service."""""""
"""This year we popped into the Old Town Tavern on Saturday to have a few brews before taking on the spectacle... and It worked... we were all having a great time by 5pm drinking and listening to \Boston Joey\"""" belt out tunes on the patio - Then we finally entered the festival. This event is all about drinking and people watching and if that's what your expectation is, you WILL enjoy yourself. As for the food - there were several sushi, taco, and dessert outfits to satiate you... oh, and a great Beatles cover band.\n\n*The event was better organized and a little more spread out this year. So kudos to them on the improvements."""""""
Penzy's is a great place for finding all kinds of spices.  The store is very inviting and easy to find what you are looking for.  I like how Penzy's have different options in spice sizes.  It's not like the grocery stores where they only offer one size.  So, this can keep the price affordable on what you need.  I do love how they may have a variety, based on the country for certain spices.  Top quality for sure! The staff here are very helpful and informative.  Don't forget to pick up one of their catalogs, which have recipes from people who use Penzy spices.  Nice touch!
Went to Bobby C's last night and had a pretty good time.  Its a little hard to find when traveling down Washington, but I think that makes it a little bit more awesome.\n\nThe place is kinda small and quaint and has some cool little tables to sit at...pretty much what I thought of seeing at a place that is supposed to have decent southern food.  Apparently they have live music that plays every now and then, so I'm likely to go back for that.\n\nThe staff is great and the food is just about as I had imagined - awesome.  I didn't grow up in the south, but when I get a chance to eat some authentic southern food, I am all about it.  My friend mentioned (she swears she wasn't complaining) that the po-boy was served with the wrong bread, but I thought it looked pretty good.  I had some chicken fried stead, green beans, mashed potatoes, and some sweet corn bread - definitely an awesome meal!\n\nI will be recommending this to anyone that asks me for any southern food restaurants in the future. :-)
I went to Cheuvront for a friend's birthday dinner, and was pleased.\n\nI started the evening off with a gin martini, which the bartender made wicked strong.  A few others in the party had mojitos, but reports were that they were not very strong.  Should have gotten a martini, suckers!\n\nBetween the five tables we had in the back area (it was cordoned off for us...approximately 22 people to give you an idea), we shared an order of pate and two cheese plates.  Both were great (especially the pate...nomnom), and although we initially ran out of our bread ration, our waitress happily brought out more bread for each table.  Nice!\n\nWe had a set menu due to our party size, but from the looks of everyone's faces while dining, I got the impression that everyone liked their food.  I was a little bummed that my filet mignon came out very close to medium when I asked for rare, but no big deal - it was still tasty.\n\nWe had a big honkin' Hello Kitty cake detailed up the wazoo from Honeymoon Sweets for dessert.  Our waitress brought it out for us to take pictures, etc.  When we were all done, she took it to the back to get cut, as well as to bring out the champagne.  I was threatened with my life if I didn't make a toast, but luckily the martini and wine (we had two bottles) calmed my nerves, and I delivered my toast like a true champion.\n\nWith things wrapped up at Cheuvront (our waitress had no qualms about taking multiple cards to split the total), we headed off to a night of drunken bowling at Lucky Strike, total and complete debauchery, and Hello Kitty feeling so fly like a G6 (don't ask).\n\nThanks Cheuvront for starting us off right!
If you're like me, when you hear the word ramen you think about the packages of dried noodles with the flavor pack that you get at the grocery store five for a dollar. So walking into a restaurant that specializes in ramen, I didn't really know what to expect.\n\nLuckily, the guy working behind the counter was nice enough to walk me through the various ramen options so I knew just what I was getting myself into.\n\nThis ramen is like the store bought stuff on steroids. First of all - they give you a ton! I couldn't even get through half of it. Secondly, it includes something the store stuff lacks - fresh ingredients. Mixed in with the noodles was spinach, carrots and I chose pork as my meat. The broth was flavorful and the noodles has a nice flavor and consistency. I would have liked more pork though. The meat to noodle ratio was a bit unbalanced.\n\nI think this place is a good alternative to other asian restaurants and would make a great option for a quick and filling lunch.
"""I just wanted to throw an additional compliment Windsor's way because of the way they handled a situation a few weeks ago. I made a reservation for 18 people for a triple birthday party and confirmed several times beforehand. When we arrived, we were split into two tables close to each other but not really close enough to have interaction. Disappointed by the set-up, I spoke with the manager inside. In addition to genuinely apologizing for the situation, he promised to \see what he could do\"""" and get back to me. Sure enough, within minutes, he and his team cleared off a neighboring table and pushed it together with one of ours so we could all sit together and enjoy our delicious food and drinks. They were also very accommodating when we needed to do separate checks at the end of the meal. Ordinarily, I'm all about the food, but when service is this great, I have to say something. Kudos, Windsor!"""""""
I eat here fairly regularly and have been doing so for years. It is not really what I would call pure authentic, but it is very good. I usually order the number 13 combo with taco, tostada, and a beef enchilada. The choriso breakfast burritos are really good also. This place is always very busy for lunch but we generally manage to get a table by the time our order is ready. If your going to do takeout call in your order so it will be ready when you get there.\nThis is THE place to go buy freshly made flour tortillas, you order them, they make them, and you get them nice and warm.
If you are in the mood for great thin crust pizza this is it !!!  I have been trying to find somewhere as good or better but I keep coming back here.  Now there maybe better places in Scottsdale, but why drive 30 minutes when it can't be that much better. My only less than 5 star experience was when I ordered a pie with kalamata olives and they make it a little soggy, I just think they didn't drain them enough.  We try and sit in Matt's section he is always friendly and full of suggestions. This is a no frills pizza and salad place that reminds me of Italy.
On my visit to CF, the service here stood out... Far beyond the food. In fact, I can't even remember what I ate. The waiter here was originally from Chicago and spoke about saving up to go back. He was incredibly warm and took care of a large order of 8 people with ease. He also kept bringing back their sexy bread, which I so love. \n\nThere are a few CF's in Scottsdale, but I'm sure this is the best one.
"""This downtown location is almost always busy.  In a very nice corner of a nice new shopping/dining/pedestrian mall.  Outside seating nice, inside is nice.  It's new, so shiny, bright, clean.\n\nI live two blocks way, and dine here about once a week.  A regular double cheeseburger with back and \all the way\"""" topings and regular fries will feed two modestly hungry people, say a skinny woman and man, with fries to spare.   $12.  Get two regular burgers and fries, add 3 or 4 bucks, and you've got a rich meal.  \n\nThe burgers are great for fast food.  Better than in n out, better than any other fast food burger.  Fries are $2.50 but they serve like the equivalent of 2-3 extra large McDonalds fries portions, so it feeds me, the wife, and two small kids and we are stuffed.  \n\nThey serve peanuts in the shell for a fun, messy way to pass the time waiting for the burgers to cook, and you can easily wait 10-15 minutes for your food to be ready.  \n\nOverally, the only negative is that these guys make such huge margins... charging $12 for a burger and fries in a fast food setting feels like highway robbery.\n\nThey get away with it because the quality is outstanding.  \n\nBut honestly, I could get a better burger and fries, for about the same price, at a great restaurant.  \n\nSo you be the judge.  If you are a quality over quantity person in terms of bang for your buck, then come here and endulge.  But this would be an expensive lunch habit if you work downtown and eat here often.\n\nOf course you'd likely drop dead from a coronary far before you went broke.\n\nAnd for the love of god don't order online.  They just hold your order until you arrive, as people have complained otherwise that the fries aren't fresh.  It maybe saves 5 minutes off the process, and of course waiting in line, but unless you are going during lunch rush hour, just head down there with a book or a companion."""""""
"""I went there today for the first time and I loved it.  I have never been to one of these pay by weight yogurt places that seem to be really popular these days.  So when I walked in I was a little confused and put off by how big the smallest container was.  So I asked and the guy at the register explained it to me.  It is $.39 an ounce which includes the toppings, all do it yourself.  (Since I have never been to a frozen yogurt place like this, I don't know if that is a good/bad price).  This place was really clean and extremely yummy.  I had \Mojo Cookie Monster\"""" with rainbow sprinkles and would DEFINITELY go back there."""""""
Homegrown mom n' pop shop.  The owners are SO friendly and they remember me every time I walk in, which isn't as often as I wish it was. :)\n\nThis place used to be the old Rainbow Donuts and the Ninja Bowl.\n\nThey still have the donuts, and yes, they still have the Ninja Bowls, which are the many forms of teriyaki chicken. (white meat, dark meat, white rice, brown rice, veggies, spicy... you name it)\n\nThey also do other random meals, like Philly Cheese Steak, and breakfast burritos. \n\nI think it's quite charming... just know that it's tucked into this little industrial area.
I bring all my business clients here.   \n \nQuiet, intimate, reasonably priced overall, excellent food, and wonderful bonfire smell.  Decor is cozy, sleek and modern.\n \nKILLER dessert and wonderful selection of draft beer.  \n \nLovely mom and pop, or rather, son, pop, and daughter place.  \n \nChef will make sure your food is prepped perfectly, even if you don't notice the difference:  Kudos to the chef!  I had orderd some BBQ beef skewers, and unbegnowst to me, the meat came out well down and smaller;  Out comes a giant juicy skewer of plump medium rare beef, on the Chef, without any prompting.  Wow.  Thanks Chef!  ;)\n \nI don't really want to recommend anyone else to come here, because I love the cozy personal atmosphere, but heck, I want them to do well too.  \n \nso, come on in, but leave me a seat at the bar!
I personally like this Hooters. Granted, the girls aren't always mind-blowingly hot (although most are good looking), but they are some of the friendliest around. \n\nThis one is also in a great location for being close to everything in Tempe but parking is an issue and is metered so make sure you have change.\n\nFor being right next to ASU campus, it isn't the liveliest Hooters I've been to, but it fits the bill and offers nice scenery and edible food.
Delux is a definate staple in the Phoenix food scene.  This is one of the better establishments in the Phoenix area.\n\nIf it is your first time heading to Delux, I would start with the Delux Burger itself.  This is a very good burger that is best served the exact way that it is spelled out on the menu...including the medium rare serving temperature.  Trust me, I am a medium temperature on my burgers (the only thing that is not red), but the juices that flow through this burger are unbelievable.  Start the table off with a basket of mixed fries (sweet potato and regular fries) for every 2/3 people there.  Well 2/3 hungry mid-20s men.  If you want to venture away from the burgers on the menu, I suggest getting the grilled cheese and adding chicken and bacon to it.  The chicken sandwich is pretty good, but the grilled cheese is better.\n\nThe restaurant is definitely cool inside, and the patio is nice.  This restaurant is busy, but never seems to be longer than a 20 minute wait time.  The bar is cool, and a great place to grab a few beers.  They always have something new and exciting on tap, so ask for a draft list and enjoy something cool and refreshing.
Pretty cool cafe with a mixed vibe.  Seems like a lot of the workers & patrons are feminists which is awesome (especially since I'm living in Utah right now with a SERIOUS dearth of feminists among other politically active people!), but on the other hand there is a pretty distinct yuppie feeling to the place - but that is probably due to it's downtown location.\n\nThe barista's were all very friendly & helpful. They pull good shots of espresso and are pretty attentive to details.  Odd detail I noticed and thought was pretty cool: their bathrooms are exceptionally clean, consistently.\n\nThere is a lot of local (assumption) artwork for sale in the cafe that is quite nice - adds a good feel to it having dresses, sculptures, etc on the walls that is not only pleasant to look at but available to buy.\n\nPS - Free wireless.
Yes this is a chain but after traveling in Maui for a week and then coming back home to Kahlua Pork from Rumbi, I can honestly say that the Kahlua pork here is better than any of the places I ate it at in Hawaii. Crazy huh? The Kahlua pork at Rumbi is so moist and tender and when its paired with some of their magnificent teriyaki sauce and Rumbi rice (rice cooked with coconut milk and beans), it is out of this world. The Kahlua pork plate at Rumbi has lately been the first meal that comes to mind when I want comfort food. This is a bit of a problem cause that is normally on a work day during lunch and after eating a meal of pork, rice, mac salad, and coleslaw, I am just down right exhausted and in dire need of a nap. \nI used to come here quite frequently but forgot about this place and I am not sure why. Besides the Kahlua pork and Rumbi rice, I can say that their mac salad, sweet potato fries, and their beach burger are really good as well. If you are looking for something different, yet tasty and satisfying, try Rumbi. I think you will enjoy it.
As liquor stores go this place is aces... \n\nIf you can't find your poison here then you need to drink something else.\n\nThe guys here are super friendly and are very helpful if you want to try something new. Pick up yer papers, porn and your hooch just like any other circle k...but! Your regular quickie mart does not have the MASSIVE selection this place does. The wine racks are the best in a mile radius and the beer selection is fairly extensive (lotsa exotic stuff to try). Prices are reasonable ...Certainly the best and one of the closest to campus. I think the coolers could be colder but hey maybe it's just me?\n\nLocated nearest to the light rail it's probably your best bet for a public transportation detour. \n\nOpen late you should certainly check it out the next time you need to refuel.
"""A dark night in a city that knows how to keep its secrets. But on the 12th floor of the Acme building, one man is trying to find the answers to life's persistent questions: Guy Noir, Private Eye. (THEME) \n\nIt was a night in November. November 23rd in fact. I remember the date because it was my birthday. The snow birds that had started to flock from their summer homes had long since retired for the evening and the godfearing people of Phoenix had closed shop. My two lovely companions and I were looking for a place to fill our bellies. Like moths to a flame we were attracted to a dim light coming from a dark parking lot. We exited the car.\n\n\Are you going to Mama Mia's?\""""\n\nA beautiful petite girl with the kind of body men write home about stepped out of the shadows. I was going wherever she took me.\n\nWe were led through the kind of kitchen you only see in mob movies. I wasn't going to ask what they put in the sausage.\n\nWe stepped in and figured out our toppings. Trying to figure out toppings for one pizza between three people you may as well be figuring out cold fusion with a box of toothpicks and some masking tape. But with the plethora of options I felt like I had a bag of bananas in a monkey whore house and we narrowed it to basil and fresh tomato.\n\nThe pizza was exactly what a tired and famished private eye like myself needed on a night like this.\n\nMan working  register- \""""Is that a wig?\""""\n\nJetta-\"""" Yeah its a wig.\""""\n\nWe left the pizza joint as happy as a twister in a trailer park.\n\nJetta- \""""I am so getting a weave.\""""\n\n (THEME MUSIC)\n\n A dark night in the city that knows how to keep its secrets, but a light shines on the 12th floor of the Acme Building -- Guy Noir, Private Eye?. (THEME UP AND OUT)"""""""
I will write this for both the Camelback location and the one in Central Scottsdale.  If you're looking for a fun happy hour party (both regular and late-night), do the Camelback location in Old Town.  It's much more lively, there's a pool table, there's an awesome outdoor patio, there's a shuffleboard table, and the waitresses are awesome.  If you want something more for watching Sports and relaxing a bit, the Central Scottsdale location is the one for you.  Both are great.  Great food, great drinks, great service.
dog park has no drama. it has green grass. fun workout options around the lake.  I wish there was access to the water for the dogs but there is not. Parking lot is huge and always monitered. I almost got a ticket for not having my dog on a leash when walking from my truck to the dog park.\nI go here often and will continue too. doggy happy hour or the buisest times for doggy socializing appear to be 7pm and 5-6am
A wonderful downtown restaurant. Although pretty small inside, the food has giant taste! The parking can be a bitch on Sunday morning but if you love close it's right off the light rail. They have this delicious salad, I believe it's called a Mediterranean or something of that nature. They also have a remarkable grill cheese with brie cheese and scrumptious apple wood bacon. YUM! And to top that off they have 3 dollar Mimosas. And on occasion you might catch News Channel 3's Ross Shimabuku there.........shhhhh
I heard about Torched Goodness through Yelp (of course), & liked them on Facebook so I could see where they would be located, since they move around all the time. They ran a special around Thanksgiving & Christmas, 12 for $35. I ordered 2 of each of the following: vanilla, chocolate, peanut butter, lemon, lavender & sea salt caramel. My husband picked them up on Christmas eve. They were nicely packaged & also included sugar & a lil bit of sea salt for the caramel brulee. They were all so yummy, but chocolate was our favorite, with sea salt caramel being a close 2nd. I spoke to Julia during the ordering/pick up process & she was such a sweetheart, I would definitely order from them again!
I live close to AJs and it's pretty good for a lot of things.  \n\n1. Wine selection: they have a big, nice wine section and a lot of imported beers and stuff like that.  They also have really helpful staff that will help you pick out affordable good wines.  They also have a really cool instant wine chiller so if you buy white wine for dinner it can be chilled in just 10-15 minutes.\n\n2. BBQ and sushi:  they have a BBQ everyday for lunch and it sometimes has really good deals -- like a chicken sandwich, a side, and a huge drink for $5.  Can't really beat it, except that it was making me fat from eating it too often ;)  They also have a sushi bar that's not too cheap but is good if you want something light, fast.\n\n3. Great candles and lotions and products like that.\n\nAside from that, the service is pretty good, there are free samples sometimes, and the groceries are fine.  I haven't been too impressed with the produce quality.   Overall, a good store and worth frequenting.
Just simply cute. 4 stars for Scratch's overall appearance, great service, and meal presentation (minus these I would be more inclined to give this bakery/cafe something in the upper 3 range, see below).\n\nStopping by Scratch was random and well worth it. When my friend Kristin and I entered, we were immediately struck by its simply chic, fairly girly yet modern decor. Also, the fact that a group of women speaking French at one of the 3 outside patio seatings was a sign that this place was authentic. Opening up a mere 7 weeks ago, Scratch is owned by, not to sound oddly shocked, an Asian man who is native to France! Very neat. \n\nService was pure excellent. We asked for suggestions and the waitress told us what is generally liked by males vs. females and vegetarians, too. I got the Smoked Duck Breast sandwich, and Kristin got the French Brie Cheese one, both come with organic salads (amazing vinaigrette!). Our food *promptly* arrived, yet here is when I, not on purpose, made a scene. My duck oddly smelled, looked, and tasted like Virginia ham. I told the waitress and she went back to ask the chef/owner. He immediately came out and apologized for the confusion and asked if I wanted to sample the ham to compare. I said no, but a few mins later, he still arrived with a thinly sliced of prosciutto-like Italian ham and desc. the differences. This definitely showed he cared about his customers.\n\nEven though I enjoyed the sandwiches, they didn't blow me away and I can't see myself craving one in the future.  I needed a sauce perhaps to make it seem like less of slices of bread and good quality meat. However, I think the calorie counters may just fall in love with them, as they are pretty healthy. The people next to us tried the quiches, which Kristin said she wanted to come back to check out.\n\nI suggest the iced coffee drinks, also. But to really top off our meal, we tried the Dark Chocolate tart (topped with fresh and candied raspberries) at the suggestion of the chef, who's fave is the elaborate Macaroon. The desserts are to die for and are so pretty, you don't wanna eat em! \n\nNot open for dinner (unless you don't mind dining at 5 or earlier).  Will return to try more of the pastries!!
"""Well, we all  went to a going away party here at Casey Moore's Oyster House and the place was fairly nice lots of security around  but very limited parking (we parked a few blocks away and had to walk in) food was good but my onion soup was way to salty though and the dip sandwich was by far the worst item to order on the menu (just sliced meat and bread)  and I had order it.  My wife ordered the shrimp scampi and for some reason it came out with a heavy cream sauce, no complaints because it was good but it was not scampi.  Tuna was perfect I had a chance to taste it  and that cooked perfect and I did notice a co- worker leave the 1/2 of the fish and chips on there plate no a good sign.  Clam chowder was good as a few friends did say they enjoyed it.  Calamari was off the chain \Perfect\"""".  The server was warm,  friendly and polite and had some great suggestions for dinner and was very patient and waited for us to have  few rounds before we ordered dinner.  The place is pretty big and it seems that if you would come and sit in a different place each time it would be like going to a different place.  Music was jamming something for everyone. Folks were friendly and the place was packed.   \n\nNow, cleanliness it  seems like it could use a wipe down, moping an a power wash in a few spots but I guess after a few cold ones you don't see it anymore.  Will I go back?  Yes, I would, affordable food, good music and  folks all in a good mood I'm there.\n\n4 stars due to they are still a littler ruff around the edges.\n\nPeace :)"""""""
I've been here a handful of times and each time I try something new. They have a great twist on all the basics like sweet potato fries, burgers, and even breakfast foods! I like coming here for their happy hour! Good selection of drinks and food. I like that its modern but still comfortable environment. I also love that you can customize almost anything you order using their check sheet order form. We came here for breakfast and tried the omelette and pancakes. We checked all the different toppings we wanted on our omelettes. The waiters are good about giving you ideas and advice on what to put on. Their burgers are top notch with organic/farm raised chicken/ kobe beef. Prices are fair for the quality and amount of food you get.
"""Let me preface this by saying I love vodka. In this case, I now love honey-infused vodka courtesy of bees and the creative minds at St. Francis. Add a splash of lemonade and let the warm weather commence! Their 'house-infused' vodka just happened to be honey so as a seasonal occurrence I recommend trying this cocktail, pronto!\n\nThe bathrooms are cool. Simple, but the sink was a little visual trick that made me say \Ahh! So you're the sink!!! Hello.\"""" I am always scouting out the design and feel of places and I If I were to die and come back a restaurateur I would definitely add this style to my top 10.\n\nThe cauliflower soup was amazing with just the perfect amount of curry, topped with capers and raisins. De-lish.\n  \nI ordered the salmon salad for dinner. Apparently, I have become quite the connoisseur of salmon (thanks farmers market fisherman for making my standards so high) because I wasn't entirely impressed by the salmon texture or flavor itself. However, the balsamic-glazed beets and presentation of the salad itself was gorgeous with thinly sliced cucumbers lining the plate topped with baby arugula.\n\nWe ordered the apple galette for dessert and I envisioned the french tart with the flaky crust and caramelized apples glistening atop. However, the apples were encased in the pastry and there were very few apples so my expectations were a little off. Of course the cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche on top was fantastic. In all fairness I think some of the other dessert choices would have been more unique to St. Francis and likely better!\n\nSo many places to try, so little time. I must revisit during happy hour and to try some other dishes!"""""""
"""Part of me is pissed that because places like That's A Wrap are located nowhere near where I work and because they close up shop by dinner time, I have almost no chance of ever eating there. Unless I say \screw it\"""" and drive 20 minutes out of my way during lunch, which is exactly what I did today. \n\nSo first off, word to the wise - none of my fellow reviewers were kidding: the parking situation here during lunchtime SUCKS. Given that 7th Street is a busy thoroughfare, you can find yourself blocking traffic as the number of cars waiting for a spot keeps growing and growing and spilling onto the right lane of 7th. I eventually gave up and parked on adjacent Palm Lane instead and walked over.\n\nInside was boisterous: downtown lunch crowd with every table occupied and several other folks hovering over the tables waiting to jump at any sign of an open seat.  It's kind of funny that this place, given its funky and crunchy ambiance, is located so close to downtown Phoenix and packed with suits, when I would have pegged it as some joint you'd find on 4th Ave in Tucson full of college kids. There are salads and rice bowls offered, as well as smoothies like Bluenanarama and Marion Berry, but the big star on the menu, naturally, is the selection of wraps: 16, in fact, plus one daily special on the chalkboard. Some other wraps that Stevey hasn't mentioned in his review include the Gringo Star, The Veggie Jackson, The Prince of Thai's, and the Cheech & Dijon Chicken. Can't fault them for trying to be creative. Each wrap goes for $6.95 a pop, plus a side of pasta or fruit salad or chips & salsa. Kind of steep for a wrap, probably, but the quality of the ingredients is fresh and they don't OD with useless unhealthy stuff if they don't need to. \n\nI myself chose the Ken & Barbie-Que Chicken wrap, and got it to go since I didn't think any table was going to clear up soon. The wait was fairly long, though, about 20-25 minutes, and in that time I glanced about signs thanking patrons for coming to independent businesses like this one (That's A Wrap is part of Phoenix's Chain Reaction coalition). Once I got my order and had a chance to eat it, I was pretty well satisfied, because hot damn - this was one pretty damn tasty wrap! So right on, I'd say.\n\nI'll definitely be back - just probably not during weekday lunch hour, though.  I'd say anytime after 1 (they're open til 5 on weekdays) or on a Saturday (10:30 - 3:00) is a safer bet if you want to check it out. If you do go on weekday lunchtime, go with at most one other person to give yourselves a good shot of getting a table. Or call your order in and get it to go.\n\n4 stars."""""""
Wow it really took me this long to actually try Liberty Market, really!?!?!? What was I thinking! I have been missing out on this place for way too long. And to find it now, just when my company is moving and it was sooo close!!!!\n\nOk, sorry enough of my whining! This place is just WOW! The food looked amazing; the dessert looked way too good! And the taste did not disappoint either.\n\nMy friend and I went to lunch today at Liberty Market, I was at first surprised by the line to order, it was LONG! But the way they seat people is really ingenious; by the time you are done ordering you have a table waiting. Pretty cool!\n\nWe ordered the Picnic Sandwich, which was very flavorful. My favorite part was the crisp green apples, which added great texture. A little blue cheese, some turkey, it was really well put together.\n\nWe also ordered the White pizza, which was very tasty! The crust was nice and crispy and the pine nuts were an excellent addition. Oh and don't forget dessert, no I really mean it, DON'T forget dessert....well I guess you can if you are on a diet or something. We had the Red Velvet Cake, YUM!\n\nI think Liberty Market really has taken the cafeteria style dining and made it a well-organized machine; I am so impressed by this place. What took me so long to get here, I ask myself again!
I'm not really sure why I love this place as much as I do.  I like to go there and do reading, but I wouldn't classify myself as a regular.  Their brownie is great when you're feeling a little low (Am I an emotional eater?  Yes, Yes I am.)   I think I love it because it suits my philosophy on Phoenix and the metro area.   I will share this with you now:  Finding cool places here is like going on a treasure hunt through strip malls.  You can't expect (as I did when I first moved here) to just go and find awesomeness somewhere.  You have to seek it out.  It might be, as The Gold Bar is, facing away from the road.  It might be right next to a Baby Store and there might be a Starbucks just across the way.  I've done some classic eaves dropping and great people watching from their place.
Diet advice: Never eat more chocolate than you can lift!\n\nPlaced gets packed quick! Make sure you have reservations!\n\nThe food was good. Expensive but good. Honestly it takes a lot to screw up Traditional American food. They had a deal that at $60/per person you could sample a lot of what they had to offer. Everyone at my booth took it and we got to sample almost everything! \n\nTheir white chocolate brownie was amazing. I usually don't like white chocolate. I like my chocolate like I like my.....nights? Dark? (dumb dumb dumb) but it was really good.\n\nGo for dessert. Stay to people watch- seriously, the people in AZ are different. Or maybe it's just because people think I look Mexican. You won't deport me back to Cali!
Not a bad substitute for All About Books and Comics. Probably the second best comics shop in Phoenix-Valley.  It has sort of the same vibe to it as AABC but with a trendier younger crowd as its next to ASU. Non-crampy and good layout.  Comics are in good condition and there are plenty of back issues.  The sales staff were helpful but not pushy. At the same time, they were not really friendly and you had no interest getting to know these people on a personal level.  I definitely recommend them over Atomic Comics for their service and over Samurai for their space. Still, it's no match for AABC.  Although close, their volumeof back issues is still lacking compared to AABC and in regards to new issues, you better get there that first week because they don't order enough new issues.
Today for lunch my buddy asked if I wanted to go to Joey's and I actually thought an Italian Beef sounded good so I went along to try this place out.  After having real Italian Beef from Portillo's in Chicago and their location in California I was hoping for something close.  They were the closest I've had here in Arizona.  You can order it dunked (self explanitory) wet (a ladle full of juice poured over it, or dry (no juice).  I got sweet and hot peppers on mine and got it wet.  Great lunch was a bit pricey though so that's why I don't give them a full 5 stars.  $10 for a sandwich and drink was a bit much IMO.  If you go only get the Italian Beef as the rest of the stuff didn't seem too appealing.
First time here though I've been wanting to stop by since it first opened two years ago. A friend suggested that we meet here this morning and I was pleasantly surprised. I recently realized there is parking in back and there was plenty of room. I loved the inside!  We sat in front of the open window on super comfy chairs while enjoying a nice light breeze. This is the living room I would want if i could design my own place with a great tasting, strong Americano. I'll def be back. The atmosphere was super chill and modern.
"""The name of this Greek restaurant is so bad it gives me shivers. When I first moved to Tempe, I resolved never to go here because the name seemed in such cheesy taste. \n\nThen came the night when I was hungry for a real meal and everything else was closed. These guys stay open till 11 pm for dinner most nights, and I found myself breaking my pact. I was quite surprised to find a really nice, extensive menu with very tasty dishes. I do love my spanikopita, ovgelamano soup, and Greek salad, and I was pleased by their preparation and large portions. I also must say their lemon potatoes are superb. Kind words must also be said for their appetizers, particularly their bowl of pickled veggies and excellent hummus. \n\nI'm sure there are people out there who just love the name, and maybe wouldn't even try Greek food unless there was some movie tie-in. But, guys, change your name to make it as good as your food! I'll even take \Zorba the Greek's!\"""""""""""
I can't help but order the Doughboy every time I'm at Cheese. Mmmm my fave! Yeah, they use an avocado spread rather than the real thing, but that's just the way it's made. It makes it all gooey and delicious. I like to add a sarsaparilla or iced tea, along with a tiny mac salad or potato salad side. It really doesn't get any better. (The Long Tall Texan is another family fave.)\n\nThe space is a blast from the past -- humble beginnings with personal family touches. The family owned and operated shop is clean and always welcoming. The clientele ranges from blue collared to white collared, high school kids to grandpas. You really can't get any local than this, people!\n\nEvery time I'm in the neighborhood, I have to stop in for lunch...or breakfast (tasty breakfast egg sandwiches). Cheese 'N Stuff is a real treat and never disappoints.
Secreto is one of my favorite restaurants in Ahwatukee especially because it's hard to find non-chain restaurants around here.  The atmosphere is really cool and the food is amazing.  I'm not a big fan of beef or pork so that really limits my options but the Madres Pasta Favorito is amazing!  It has the best sauce I've ever had and the shrimp and guacamole salsa add the perfect touch.  Make sure you save room for dessert because the flan is to die for.  The only negative thing I would say is that we made a reservation and they forgot about us so we waited for a long time.  I don't really mind though because we were enjoying drinks at the bar.
You can never go wrong with a cheesecake factory.. The restaurant we were supposed to go to was only having a tasting menu and we got stuck coming here on our date night... The service was good it was packed we sat at a bar table, the waitress was very sweet and the drinks were strong I had my usual the crusted chicken romano and it was just as good as always.. Besides all the fans coming up to us it was a great night.....
"""Just a bit amazed that this one wasn't already listed, I mean its right next to Fashion Square, but that just means another Firsty for me!\n\nI \ran\"""" into Rada and roomies at this location earlier today. Seriously, total coincidence that I felt like going to Yogurtland, and just happened to find this trio walking the sidewalk! I must radiate friend-drawing energy, or something...\n\nWhat can I say, that hasn't been said about every Chipotle on the planet, besides that its a Chipotle. This location, like most others, decor is that sleek mix of light wood and metals, Mayan fixtures made of the same materials, clean and lacking the refection of the warmness of the food. As I munched on my burrito that I meant to take to go, we gabbed about the highlights of last night and showed off our pictures. \n\nOne of Rada's roomies asked if he could get a free refill, while the other was like, of course, Jebus is this like your first time? And oh my goodness it was. Chipotle-cherry broken and I can't even take credit for it! Anyways, you all know how nice I am, I add on in a serious voice, \n\""""Just one refill, only one! Otherwise they'll cut off your hand!!\""""\n\nI knock off one star, for the fact that its $1.80 additional for guacamole, which I could have made much better at home. I make a mean guac, try me sometime, and save $1.80."""""""
Hands down one of the best fast food burgers I have ever had. The Deluxe Butter Burger is incredible. The gristle on the edge of the burger is awesome, all the ingredients are fresh, crisp and you can actually taste everything. I love the options for sides; get the side salad, fresh lettuce, real tomatoes and freshly grated cheddar cheese. I tried the cheese curds but was not impressed. They were very, very salty. That was the only item I disliked. You must have a single scoop custard to top it all off. Absolutely delicious! The restaurant is very clean and modern, the staff is very friendly. I was just a little put off by the food linked Bible versus painted on the walls
This place is a cool neighborhood bar. Lots of friendly folks and sports always on the tv's. It has an interesting layout, with two rooms separated by an outdoor breezeway where the smokers hang out. It's a bit of a bummer because the smoke gets trapped in that area and is not nice for non-smokers who want to sit outside. But that's the only negative. The food is good. Love the sliders. And they have a good selection of beers. Also, they're always playing something at this bar: poker, trivia, etc. Maybe it's just when I'm there, but there's always something.
I've eaten at this location twice and have enjoyed both visits. I've had the prime rib which was cooked to perfection and a sirloin with lobster and shrimp special. The lobster and shrimp where in a sauce that was a little too salty. The crowd here is generally in the late 40's+ so don't expect a cool hip vibe from this place. It's quiet and dark with a lot of warm colors, which I like for a steak place. The service has always bene excellent. The waiters are attentive but not intrusive. \n\nWe signed up to receive a free dinner on our birthdays and I got the voucher for a free prime rib dinner with a potato and salad to be used Monday - Thursday anytime during the month of my birthday, yesterday. Woo hoo!
I don't have much to add, but this is a great restaurant.  Like other reviewers, the only reason that I am giving it 4 instead of 5 stars is because the atmosphere is a bit lacking. The food is very good. \n\nThe one thing that I might be able to add is that the cheesecake dessert is  very tasty. I recommend it.  Oh, and one more thing, you can phone in your order and they do a good job with takeout service if you are ever in the mood for takeout.
We loved Raising Cane's when we visited Vegas and wished we had this place in Phoenix.  Our wish came true! New hot spot, the parking lot was full of RC customers (we had to park across the street @ Olive Garden), chicken is hot and crunchy like we remembered in Vegas location, friendly customer service and friendly & fun atmosphere.  We now wish for a location close to North Scottsdale:) Whenever we are in Phx, we will stop for some yummy RC!
The Olive Mill brings back sweet memories of the trips I used to take to the Napa Valley wineries when I lived in the Bay Area.  The place is tastefully decorated with aisles of products made with their olives - extra virgin olive oil, flavored oils, stuffed olives and tapenades.  I love the olive bar where you get to taste all their products.  Half hour tours are offered every hour for $5 per person.\n\nThey also sell bread from the Willo Baking Company, gelato from Berto's and local pistachios.\n\nI'd recommend printing out directions from their website.  Don't forget to drop by the Pork Shop afterwards - only 2 miles down the road to pick up the Valley's best pork products.
Wonderfully different Thai restaurant in the heart of Scottsdale. I've been eating Thai food for 30 years all over the country and this one still had surprises for me. One cautionary - it can get pricey. Two of us at lunch, 1 appetizer (the turnip cakes are awesome) and 2 dishes was too much food (suggest 2 appetizers and 1 dish for solid eaters) and was a $40 total after tax and tip and only tea. BTW, it's towards the north end of the Gainey Center.
Even though PF Changs is not real and authentic Chinese/Asian food and a chain, I will give some credit to some of the food I had last night.  My buddy and I went there just for the hell of it, as I haven't been to one in years.  I got a PF-X drink, which I highly recommend.  It has some mango rum, sprite, and something else that gives a well balanced drink.  He got a pear mojito which was okay, since I am not a big fan of mojitos.  We sat at the bar and got incredible service and attention from the bartender there.  I give an extra start to PF Chang because I think they value customer service.\n\nAs an appetizer we got chicken lettuce wrap.  It is a diced up chicken in soy sauce that goes into an empty fresh lettuce.  To complement our dish, our bartender made a sauce mixed with soy, chili pepper, and mustard.  This added a nice kick to our lettuce wraps.  \n\nMy man dish was the mahi mahi with lemon grass cilantro brown rice.  The lemon grass was almost as good as lemon grass from a Thai restaurant, and that is saying quite a bit.  My friend got the honey glazed chicken, which was okay.\n\nOverall was a pleasant experience.
I have to tell you that I love this gym.  I mean, as much as you CAN love a gym.\n\nThe folks are nice, it's a diverse scene -- from Camelback soccer moms, to the nursing home set to the gay guys who are so cut that they intimidate me.  And there are your standard muscle heads and women who just want to be seen.  Overall though it's great.\n\nThe gym is always clean.  It's modern, well lit and offers a wide variety of equipment. \n\nThe only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because the cardio machines can get really busy during peak times -- 7 -- 8 a.m. and 5:30 - 6:30 p.m.  Sometimes you actually have to wait to hop on a machine.  That's a bummer when you'd rather be at home watching TV or maybe doing something productive.
I've been to a several Valley resort spas and this one doesn't disappoint.  \n\nI guess rating and reviewing spas can be a bit tricky as not only treatments depend upon the staff but expectations and use of the facilities varies from person to person.  I'm a massage fan and love to use the steam, sauna, pool, and workout facilities.  Plush lounge areas and well-stocked shower and locker rooms are pluses.\n\nThe pool and pool area at this resort spa was the biggest that I've experienced.  Plenty of lounge chairs and a swimming area larger than average.  I also enjoyed 1 of the 2 outdoor showers.  Can't explain it but you'll know what i mean when you try it.  Made me want 2 get one for my home.\n\nBut i digress, the spa also has a decent cafe overlooking the pool area and the upstairs lounge area was very comfortable.  Need to go back soon!
I've been here twice now. I came once for a team lunch for work - the lunch specials they have are amazing! $15 for an app and an entree and a beverage. The guac is delicious! I had the mahi tacos and they were pretty good too. The tacos are real small but pack tons of flavor. The second time I went, I bought a Livingsocial deal for two margs and two entrees. The margaritas were really good, they taste fresh. I didn't get a flavored one, but I'd be interested next time. I got the shrimp and chorizo tacos and the boyfriend got the duck fundido. I don't think it was what he expected, but it was good. There's a good amount of duck in the dish too, it's just really greasy. To be expected, duck and cheese? I mean come on. We got the plantains and corn rice as sides and they were pretty good too. We just were so full we couldn't finish everything. \n\nAfter dinner, we sat at the bar and talked to the manager and the bartender about all the different kinds of tequila they have. Super nice people. The best part about this place is the glittery tables! The decor is really fun. Personally, I like the food at the Mission better but this place has a really fun vibe. And I mean, come on the owner is Iron Chef Garces! That's pretty amazing.
I'm 31 yrs old and I've come to the Dub since I was an 18 yr old with a good fake ID. I actually havent lived in Az in over 10 yrs, but when ever I come back to visit friends and family this is our spot. My buddies have been the local crew at this bar for over a decade. The bartenders have all worked here for years as well, and even tho i may only come in a few times a year, the bartenders always remember my face. A fun atmoshphere, plenty of room, a non-stuffy, non-scottsdale type crowd. When I'm in Az, I always visit the Dub...
This franchise has the best customer service of any Jimmy John's I've been to. The employees always greet me when I come in and thank me when I leave, they're fast, and they always get my orders right. The only complaint I have is that they're a little bit stingy on the meat. My fiance got a #5 and there was literally only 1 piece of meat folded in half on the sandwich. He's since started ordering the #3 or #15 instead and hasn't had any problems.
What a great park. We really enjoyed this mountain area. This was both my boyfriend and my first time in the Phoenix area. We drove up to the summit and loved the views from the top. Neither of us had ever really experienced big cacti up close and personal and really enjoyed hiking around and looking at the beautiful scenery. Now, if we had only been able to find The Farm...we drove around forever looking for this restaurant area...oh well.
"""Update: As of Feb 2010 this place closed because the owners got in a bitch fight.\n\nI live right next door to this place at Shade.  I go often enough, great happy hour.  Prices are pretty cheap ($5ish for the various happy hour sushi rolls), service is pretty fast, and it's great that it's locally owned and not a chain restaurant.  \n\nOnly \negative\"""" comment is it' is a bit small inside, hard to accommodate large groups of more than 8, and even that is pushing it if they are busy.  If you can go before everyone gets off work, it's pretty quiet in there, and fun to sit at the sushi bar as well."""""""
I have been there a few times now.  Overall, service is solid, although I feel the bar service is faster than when sitting at a table.  Ambiance is solid and generally full during the early evening hours.  They can improve on little things, but overall a good, casual place to go.\n\nBurgers are fantastic.  The horseradish pickles and Havarti cheese is a nice touch.  \n\nFlatbreads are very tasty.\n\nWings are interesting - off the beaten path a bit, but tasty.\n\nI like how they promote local beers.  Decent wines by the glass as well.
"""If you find yourself in Scottsdale and in need of some comfort food, Lo-Lo's is the place.  I went with reluctance with my college age son who guaranteed that I would love it and he was right.\n\nI had the \Betty Boop,\"""" which consisted of a chicken breast cooked perfectly with a light breading and two waffles.  Yes, the breakfast kind.  I put syrup and butter and then ate the chicken with it.   All of these flavors melted perfectly in my mouth and my mouth said, \""""more please!\""""  We shared a side of rich and creamy macaroni and cheese and needed the mason jar of ice tea to wash it all down.   My son had the Cherry Kool-Aid and it was delicious too.\n\nThe service is impeccable and as a bonus everyone who works there is happy and beautiful too.\n\nI live in Tucson but can't wait to go back when I need some real comfort food."""""""
"""A vegetarian perspective:\n\nLo-lo's Chicky and Wafflin' is like your childhood. Think back to when the world was simple and everything made sense, even if the experience was new. Now we have global warming and a looming ice age and cheap gas and expensive wars and people just not getting along.  \n\nLo-los is like \FUCK THAT... drink some cool-aid. But not the cult-spiked kind that will kill you\"""" And you do. With good friends. Your very best friends. And they eat Mac and Cheese and the skin and legs of things that used to live. And you enjoy the conversation. The people around you say things like \""""You may not agree with National Socialism but at least it's an ethos!\""""\n\nAnd you leave and there's a 1965 Pink Cadillac parked out side. And you think of what a DB Travis Barker is... \n\nAdditionally, the waffles are really good. Tasty, in fact."""""""
Sometimes when life is gloomy, the weather cold, or you're just tired of leftover holiday food, TMI is the cure.  The first time I tried Mindy's Mac and Cheese I knew I had to try everything on this menu.  Unfortunately I'm gluten and dairy sensitive, but this is one of those dishes that I willingly indulge in knowing full well what the consequences will be.\n\nThe sandwiches and salads are great, with a lot of locally grown ingredients.  The RB & C being one of my favorites.  Presentation is great, simple, nothing pretentious, and really meshes well with their ambiance.\n\nWhy four stars?  This place gets crowded!  It's hit or miss really, but when it's packed, it's packed.  In the summer the place is just too hot.  The building is a renovated house in a trendy, hip area, with tunes piped through to the outside patio to match the vibe.  Honestly if you don't mind a crowded space you'll love it.  For me, I would probably frequent more often if it weren't for the parking chaos.  Lucky residents in the neighborhood walk here to grab a cold one, or enjoy a nice crisp wine.\n\nThe beverage selection is by far one of the more unique in this city, with Red Robins and Chili's on every corner.  There are a lot of local brews and quite nicely selected wines that pair well with everything.\n\nOverall, this place is one of my favorites with great meals, great beverages, good vibes and good company.  One final plus is that the owners are always around, and often walking through meticulously arranging settings, cleaning the bathroom, etc.  For neat-freaks like me, that says a lot!\n\nOne thing that would be great would be some more dairy and gluten-free options in the future for folks like me, who would love to pig out more without feeling so bad the next day!
I met a friend the other day at Duck and Decanter. I had always wondered about this place because, an East Coast transplant, I assumed that it was some kind of a pub/restaurant typical of big Northeast cities. It was the name that threw me. I was completely taken by surprise when I entered. It is a deli/market/bakery combo. Think Cracker Barrel merged with Le Grand Orange sprinkled with Which Wich. Fascinating concept!\n\nThe sandwich that I ordered was delicious and I took a heap of pickles that come with. I managed to avoid buying anything else like chips or baked goods, but did so with a sad heart. Everything looked wonderful. My friend and I had a great lunch and leisurely talked for hours. No wait staff came to give us dirty looks or cleared our plates as we took our last bites. It was a good experience and I will definitely come again. Next time I will eat some sweets, browse the store, sit on the patio with my dog, and listen to the music outside - of course, not all at once.
"""We had dinner here last night. Bought a Groupon about a month ago and was a little nervous about the reception when we advised our server. Anyway, called for reservations and Razz answered the phone-very nice--so far so good. My partner and I arrived and the host was welcoming. Our server arrived to ask if we wanted a drink--I mentioned it was our first time, and.........we had a Groupon......no problem. The restaurant was already over 50% full at 6:30--mixed crowd, def not \old\"""" as another posted. \nWe ordered a starter that was a \""""stuffed shrimp\"""" something but what arrived was deep fried sliced for service shrimp tasting but not exceptional; the sauce was flavorful--price $14.95 I would not order that again. \nFor our main dish I ordered the short ribs and my partner the osso bucco. Both had great flavor and tasty mashed potato base--good portions. Unfortunately the side vegetables didn't spend enough time in the steamer--way undercooked. I would def get the short ribs again-tender and tasty. Same for the osso bucco. Price for each was $28.95. Had a glass of wine each at $10/glass--nice selection but be advised, most wine is $12/glass and up. Pricey bottles. \nOverall we liked Razz's and would likely go back-but we would not race back. Give it a try on either a Groupon or Razz's website has a coupon for an entree during the week. Enjoy!"""""""
Yes, I'm a fan; 3rd time at this location.  One thing draws me back; POSOLE!!!  I love Posole, and the street tacos are the perfect size to go with the posole.  Only drawback is that I prefer cabbage to lettuce for the posole.  Many people do like lettuce, but save that for the garnish...LOL...The beans are very good, along with the carne asada tacos; they are small, but, are like the ones I remembered in Rocky Point.  Yes, I will be back!!! Posole!!! enough said...
This is definitely the place to get cheap eats on the fly!\n\nThe Need: a good lunch close to my work - hopefully one that I had not been to yet.\n\nThe Restriction: $7 in singles to my name\n\nThe Rescue:  I reached out to the Phx Yelp community on the talk boards for help with my lunch conundrum and Amanda B. came to the rescue.\n\nThe Verdict:  I've seen Phoenix House of Pizza and Subs many, many times driving near my work.  Honestly, I always thought it was some sort of front for illegal activities or a place where kidnapped children were kept.  The outside isn't very appealing and the surrounding establishments in the strip mall are a little sketchy and unkempt looking.  So, by association, it wasn't on my list of places to check out anytime soon.\n\nI took a co-worker/witness with me (remember...strength in numbers) and headed to get a slice or two.  Inside was very different from the outside perception.  It is a huge space with a lot of dining tables and is very clean minus a few uncleared tables.  We each ordered two big slices - him sausage and me pepperoni, green pepper, and pineapple.  Yum!  It was cooked to order (although a tiny bit burnt) and nice and hot.  You won't find pizza that has sat under the lamps for hours on end.  There are a variety of condiments (red pepper flakes, parmesean, etc.) and they also have a few desserts.  I haven't ventured to the sub side yet - maybe next time.  What's even better?  My two custom pie slices rang in at just under $7.  Oh yeah!\n\nSo, I didn't witness any illegal activities or see any kidnapped children, but I did manage to have some good eats within my budget and walking distance from my work.  Check it out if you're on a budget and in the area.
I love this place whether its for weekend dim sum or for a great dinner. I have been going to Golden Buddha for a few years now and while they did have a period where the food wasn't so great they definitely have stepped up their game. On the weekends  they have traditional dim sum, although you can still order off the lunch menu as well. I have been there several times just for dinner as well and I have to say they make my favorite dish, Mongolian Beef, just perfect. Some of our other favorites there are the walnut shrimp, string beans with XO sauce, Singapore rice noodles and lobster. The atmosphere is relaxed and the wait staff is always very friendly.
Stopped in last Saturday night for a late dinner. Was pleased to sit out on the nice patio. Enjoyed some live music and a pitcher of red sangria. Delicious. The service was spot on for sure. As soon as we were seated, we received water, fresh/tasty chips and a verde salsa. The waitress was very attentive but not overbearing.\n\nMy hubster ordered beef lazy tacos and I had the waitress surprise me with anything off the gluten free menu (except salmon). The tacos, per my husband were delicious. I received chorizo stuffed chicken. It was fabulous. I would have liked a little more spice in the sauce and more excitement in the grilled veggies, but otherwise for a gluten free meal - amazing. There were a lot of gluten free options. I was very grateful for the menu and the knowledge of the staff.
My boss took a few of us here on 07-15-10 because he saw it on Man vs. Food. We ordered their famous Del Rey Torta and this meal was huge and absolutely delicious! I was only able to consume half the sandwich, you can surely bring a friend to split the meal. I would definitely go back and order this again. They also give you a red and green salsa. The red one is great cuz its got some heat after you keep eating some. Their ceviche is wonderful too!\n\nI also had their flan, but I wasn't a big fan of it. I make my own and mine is creamy and sweet. Theirs is...the opposite.\n\nOur order of water took awhile. The one in the group that ordered Coke got their drink first, probably cuz they paid for their drink...joking. But I ended up requesting to get our waters then they brought it.\n\nOverall, it was a great experience and I definitely need to stop for the Del Rey Torta again and bring some friends.
I should probably disclose one little detail about how I rate my food - I don't like looking at food that has been through several handling processes. I love it when you can look at a plate or bowl and see what's on/in it. What makes up the sauce? What's in the soup? You should be able to know what you're eating!\n\nFor this reason, I really enjoy The Herb Box. \n\nSalads, Sandwiches, Wraps, Flatbreads, variations of hummus and always a kickass soup of the day - pick anything off of the menu and you can't go wrong!\n\nI have recently enjoyed lunch and they've changed some things around the physical space since my last visit - and created a dedicated dining room on one side and moved the market over to the kitchen's space. Great idea and what a perfect opportunity to create more seating! \n\nFood: 5 stars Tzatziki and Pita, Zuccini, Tomato and Corn Soup garnished with Feta Cheese and my beverage was an Aranciata San Pelligrino Soda \n\nService: 3.5 stars (Efficient and definitely warmed up to me as the meal continued)\n\nAtmosphere: 3.5 stars (Please place a top-weight on the slamming door)\n\n= 4 stars
This is about a 3.5 star mexican place to me. I've always had good service but watched other folks get like 1-star service, at a level I might not come back.\n\nI like the White Chimichanga here. The Chili Verde is decent, and the Hatch Chilis are nice too, if you haven't had those.\n\n4 Stars - White Chimi\n3 Stars - Chili Verde\n3 Stars - Cheese crips with Hatch chilis\n\nI'm sure there are better places around but I've been coming here for several years when in the area, and I definitely enjoy this place.\n\nSometimes they have hot chicks working up front. If you keep up this practice Arriba, I'll five-star you sometime soon!
Ok, I've read some of the reviews here and I honestly can't disagree more.  Sure, it's a big, outdoor strip mall.  Yes, there are nothing but chains here but honestly, practically everyone I know shops at Target, Barnes and Noble, or any one of the other hundred retailers that are here.  If you want a mom and pop store, this is not the place to find it.  That being said, Tempe Marketplace is what it is.....take it or leave it.  \n\nIn California these types of places are fairly commonplace.  I see them here but on a much smaller level than Tempe Marketplace.  The real drawback here is that it is an outdoor mall so who is going to go there in the middle of the day during the summer when it's 115 outside? Not me!!  But the rest of the year, when it's nice....yes, I can see myself meandering around, browsing the stores, having a bite to eat and going to the movies.  I've been here once on a late Sunday afternoon.....lots of folks were eating at the restaurants and going to the movies.  Still more were just walking around window shopping since most of the stores close between 5 and 7 on Sunday.  \n\nI liked the Tempe Marketplace so sue me.  The only drawback to me is that it's outdoors and there is no garage parking for when it does get ungodly hot.  I'm sure you could fry an egg in the parking lot in the summer.  I like mine scrambled though.
Not a bad spot.  They have a pretty decent selection of beers on tap, for reasonable prices.  Plenty of TV's.  They have two rooms of pool tables, with more tables than the majority of bars in Phoenix.  Most importantly, they have all of the sports channels.  As a Boston fan, this is the only place that I've found that has NESN.  They are very willing to put on a dedicated TV for you if you ask...not always with sound, but it's better than nothing!  Plus, there usually aren't too many college douche-bags there, so it's generally a chill atmosphere.  Also, their back patio is awesome, as it looks out onto the greenbelt, rather than a parking lot like most places in the valley.
Camelback Mountain was arduous but once you finish you feel a huge sense of accomplishment. This was my first time ever going hiking and what an experience! I went on the Echo Canyon trail which is supposed to be harder.\n\nParking is very limited. There will be a lot of people there so you might get lucky but I didn't. There are about  35-40 parking spaces. You can park on an area on 56th  that is a few minutes from the main entrance. From parking to the trail is about a mile walk.\n\nYou will sweat. Now is not the time to try to be prim and proper because by the time you make it back down you will look awful, but in a good way because others there will be able to empathize. You will have to crawl, scoot, and use what ever means necessary to climb especially if you're a novice. Believe me, some of the rocks there got very familiar with me! There is railing and fencing at the beginning but after that it's all nature!\n\nDress lightly, bring lots of water, proper shoes, and a positive attitude. Climbing up can be just as difficult as climbing down so it's great to stay optimistic. I used my boyfriend as motivation since he was leaping on the rocks like a billy goat!\n\nDon't rush. If you are in regular health and new to hiking it will take about an hour to make it up. Sure you will see Bodybuilder Bob but don't let that hasten your hike. The rocks can get slippery and if you rush thinking you have superhuman abilities, especially if it's your first time hiking you can seriously hurt yourself. And don't be fooled that it will be easier going down, go down with more precaution than you used going up.\n\nThe people there are great. They will encourage you and talk to you. So good luck and make sure you take lots of pictures once you make it up the top because this isn't something you want to miss out on for pictures!
Atmosphere was AMAZING!\n\ncame here last night with 5 of my co-workers, some of us have ate here and the others no. I, Myself have never been here so it was a fun new place to try. I'm always use to eatting at Saketini or Ra Sushi.\n\nI ordered Calamari as an appetizer, I was not a big fan of the deep fried...I've had better. However their dark dipping sauce was delicious!!!! It had a kick of chili in it, exactly what it needed. \n\nThe shrimp tempura and Lotus roll,\n\nThe Lotus roll was good, a little too seafoody for me...I loved the lobster but I just couldn't bare the smell (Dumb huh? I'm only in a sushi place) but whatever my body is weird like that. Haha\n\nDillon was our waiter, I kept giving him a hard time but it was all good fun, He was great! I would reccommend and request him to the hostesses if possible!\n\nALL in ALL, great place
This cozy theatre is great when you want a little more from your movie experience. I like that they don't price gouge (not like many of the other full-service movie theatres I've been to). The prices are reasonable for the movies and I like the plush seating. \n\nThe only issue I have is it's hard to get to unless you know where you are going. This place is tucked away upstairs and I found myself wandering around a bit. However, they do have a very helpful valet downstairs to get you where you need to go. He just happened to be busy when I walked by the first time.
I stumbled upon this coffee shop as I walked around the shopping complex waiting for my wife. Mind you, I was exhausted from having only 4 hours of sleep over the past day and a half. First, my eyes caught some sort of musicians playing outside the door of some place. At first I thought it was a restaurant until I got a closer look and realized it was a coffee shop!\n\nNow, I am a huge fan of locally owned coffee shops...generally speaking. I've been looking around here and there for a place to go in lieu of starbucks. Then I came into Gold bar. It felt like home. The decor and the staff were exactly what I was looking for. I noticed it was a small yet local place which was great. The people were friendly.\n\nSo, I sleepily walked up to the ladies there and sounding like I was high on something, I ordered a mocha. The mocha was strong but good. I like strong coffee. They put a tiny bit of good whipped cream on top and I kinda wished they had put more. Given the price of the drink, it should have come with a mountian of whipped cream. Their prices are the only thing I have some issue wiht.\n\nI saw people using their computers so I figured I would have to come back when it was my writing time and work there. I think the atmosphere alone would prove inspirational. However, it troubles me that I did not notice a bathroom. Long hours hanging out in a coffee house writing and sucking down the cafeine may not go well without a bathroom. We will have to see. :)
"""Lived a handful of blocks away from Tessio's in Tempe for 3yrs, moved last summer, and man do I miss the Tops/Tessio's combo.  Make no mistake, this place is literally just a pick-up counter looking into the kitchen, but the food has always been damn good \n\nAgain, I quickly found what I liked and stuck with it.  For pizza first tried their sausage and artichokes, great flavor combo, good sauce, and never bothered to try another version.  There were times that I only wanted one slice, and sometimes $3 seemed high for a slice, but then I'd bite into that massive by-the-slice and realized $3 was a deal\n\nThe wings were good, though too much of a butter taste on hot wings for me.  \n\nOutside the ol' pizza and wings, I loved the Arizona Cheesesteak!  Check out their menu for the deets, the provolone and peppers blow any cheesesteak away.  It's excellent and huge.  Honestly, it's a two meal sandwich.  Limit yourself to the first half Saturday night, and you'll be loving your hungover self Sunday morning when that gooey beer soaking sandwich is waiting for you\n\nAnd oddly enough, they have one of the best \take-out\"""" salads I've ever had . . . the Antipasto.  Seriously.  Had it dozens of times, and with only one exception, it was always crisp and fresh, with great variety in veg/meat/cheese.  And it's huge as well.  I'd usually eat half for dinner, and have half at work the next day.\n\nI don't understand the couple complaints about delivery times.  If you want sh*t in a flat box 10 seconds after you hang up, then order Domino's/Papa John/Pizza Hut, and you'll get it with military precision.  Tessio's is an independent restaurant with only a couple of drivers, and when they get busy, F' an A', it's gonna take longer to get your pizza.  Chill.  And in all fairness, it's almost impossible to see most home addresses on houses in that neighborhood.  Ours definitely was, I don't know how they ever found it.  I never had issues with the delivery guys, maybe some did because their house is a bastard to find?\n\nSo yeah, good stuff.  Grew up in Chicago, and Tessio's isn't anything like Chicago pizza, but it's about the best thin crust you'll find in the valley"""""""
I rounded up from 3.5 stars. It was good, but just missed the mark in a few spots. \n\nThe selection was great. Overall, it was good. We got a grass-fed and a bison burger. Both were slightly over cooked (which happens when grillers leave them on as long as regular beef). Zucchini fries were very yummy. Onion rings were cooked great. And sweet potato fries were good, but lacking seasoning (debatable, obviously). \n\nAlso had a milkshake that was decent, but tasted of chocolate powder rather that syrup. The blue film on the windows makes for blurry viewing. On the upside, our service as fantastic. \n\nAll in all, I would go again and would tell my friends to try it. For that, I gave them the round up.
Tucked within the defunct shopping center that used to house Big Lots and Pure Fitness, Classic Italian Pizza is one of the last bastions of shopping civilization this center will ever hold.  According to the staff, this center will be demolished, so they are moving at the end of the summer to the QT/New Big Lots area close by.\n\nWhen we entered we were greeted warmly by one of the waitresses and were promptly seated.  We ordered the garlic dipping oil to start with ($7.95), which came with small freshly baked bread pieces, a generous amount of pumpkin seed oil with freshly chopped garlic and jalapeno.  Although the pumpkin seed oil had a nice, nutty flavor, and the garlic and jalapeno were fresh, it tasted bland as a whole.  What I would recommend is to add salt, pepper, and Parmesan from the shakers to the dip and it will taste 10 times better!\n\nWe ordered the Four Seasons, which came out in a unique presentation.  The whole pizza is covered with prosciutto, but then each 1/4 of the pizza has a different vegetable covering it, to represent each season (Artichoke, olive, tomato, and mushroom).  You can also order all the ingredients mixed in equally on the pizza if you wish, but we decided to go with what the restaurant recommended, and we were glad we did!  It was nice to have a different ingredient on each slice I ate.  It made me feel like I was eating 4 different pizzas.  The crust was initially crisp, but the center does get bogged down and a little soggy as the more watery ingredients start to infuse into the crust, but it doesn't detract from the taste too much.  Although it was a bit pricey ($17.95), the ingredients were high quality and there was a healthy amount of ingredient on each part of the pizza.  \n\nI also ordered the red sangria, which was smooth, and fruity from the addition of orange juice to the wine and brandy.  Minus some points for using generic canned fruit cocktail instead of fresh fruit in the sangria glass, especially if I'm paying $8.95 for it!\n\nService was very friendly.  If I'm in the mood for more artisan type pizza, this is the place to go!
I'm giving 4 stars simply because it's a great, and huge, escape from the incessant dessert heat. There's a variety of shops and eateries for every budget. You won't be overheated or bored. \n\nAside from that, it's not a particularly special mall. I don't mean to be a California snob, and I did give 4 stars, but the shops and architecture are standard fair compared to what I've seen back in LA, San Fran, and San Diego. I guess I just want to stress that because I keep hearing how I'm recommended to do what the locals do and dress my best when shopping here. Right... Maybe I'm just used to being in places where crowds are crazy diverse and tourists are everywhere. \n\nRegardless of what you throw on, just check SFS out.
We came here for happy hour and although it was a tad bit difficult to find we're glad we made the extra effort to find it.  Cute quaint restaurant with very good and reasonable items on their happy hour menu.  We got the Falafel mee Tahini, greek nachos, hummus, and greek fries.  My favorite was the greek nachos.  This was more than enough to feed both my husband and I with left overs to take home.  We'll definitely be back!
"""I've never eaten in a sushi place on a conveyer belt. :) It was very cool! Watching the sushi and selecting was heaps of fun! There was a lot of sushi selections and even desserts like cream puffs! It was also cute how they even had drinks on plates like Ramune. They have a lot of sushi that I haven't tried even as random as \asparagus roll\"""". The fish slices (on nigiri) were decent! I'm glad that the sushi was labeled or else I would have eaten jalapeno on tempura batter haha! The price per plate was reasonable!"""""""
"""Hubby and I have lived in the Phoenix area for 8 years and have heard about Pizzeria Bianco. It's supposed to be the best pizza place in the USA.  We decided to give it a try about a year ago. We got there at 5 pm and the line was really long and we were told the wait would be 3 hours. We decided probably not worth the wait.  After reading the mixed reviews on Yelp we decided we were committed to the wait and would give it another try. We got there at 3:30 pm on March 18th, a Friday night. The restaurant holds 43 people. We ended up being #37 and #38 lol. I would recommend getting there at least by 3:30 pm so that you will make it in the 1st round into the restaurant. If you come any later than that you will probably have to wait 3+ hours.\n\nThe waiter and staff were extremely friendly and quick. We were served bread and oil. The bread was very hard and dry but we still ate it all. We\nalso ordered salads- the local organic greens with red vinaigrette. It was literally that. Ok, but very fresh. I ordered the Margherita pizza with the fennel sausage. It was really good. Best pizza ever....not to me. My husband ordered the Wiseguy pizza -wood roasted onion, house smoked mozzarella, and fennel sausage. He liked it as well and said he liked my pizza better. Also stated not the best pizza he's ever had. We really like Gino's on the East of Chicago- deep dish golden crust pizza so maybe this wasn't exactly our style of pizza to claim \Best Pizza that ever touched our lips\"""" \n\nI would recommend giving it a try. We enjoyed our pizza and our night out. Our wait wasn't that long. Would I go again? Probably not."""""""
I was lucky enough to be able to attend the Yelp Event here. \n\nI Loved the classy but comfortable feel of the restaurant, definitely the kind of place I like to hang out, not to say that I don't like to hang out at place unlike this, but I really enjoyed the vibe going on here.\nMaybe it was just the Yelpers, maybe not, I'll have to go back on my own to know for sure.\n\nWe had Ace Service from the Bar Chief Carson. He makes a mean batch of Shochu! Try it you'll Love it!\n\nThe Food we ate was Delicious,The items we tried were not necessarily something I would have ordered on my own but with our pre-fixe Yelp menu we were served a generous assortment of appetizers,my favorite was the butter-fish tataki and calamari. \n(see pics)\n\nI didn't get a chance to look at a full menu to see what else they offer, but I thoroughly enjoyed the selections we were gifted.\n\nI would likely return to sit at the bar or lounge and enjoy those appetizers again.\n\nWhere did that star go?\n\nI'll tell ya, The bathrooms(I'm talking stalls here), although very clean and modern, were a little frightening.  \nPicture if you will a prisonesque airplane bathroom enclosing you in stainless steel , with no escape and no one will hear you scream.\n\nOK so just make sure you don't go by yourself and you'll be fine!
Why have so many people forgotten the beauty of their local parks? I have mentioned this place to so many people who seem to not even know it exists! \n\nBeautifully landscaped & lots of parking close to the picnic tables. \nA good group of small but shady trees - perfect for napping or reading or napping :)  \nA nice water feature that makes for great bird landings - I saw ducks and geese (or pheasant or flamingos - I'm not really a bird person) splashing about to keep cool on a late summer day in 2012. \nNow that we've made it through half the winter, I'm looking ahead to more, ahem, reading in the shade!
This place is a nice little change-up from the usual mall/Target/splash pad destinations that summer requires.  We have an 18 month old son that loves the noodle forest and the tricycle area.  The place has so much going on it is easy to focus on different things even if we go once per week.  The price is high if you don't get a membership, it pays for itself just in summer visits and then the rest of the time is icing on top.  I admit to enjoying climbing around in the big maze in the center of the museum, that made me feel like a kid again.
There is no place like Antica Pizzeria da Michele, but you need to be in Naples Italy to eat there. Most pizza in Italy is really not great like they make you believe. It is almost as hard to find great pizza in Italy as it is in the USA.\nBianco is good but not worth the 2+ hr wait much of the time. I think Patsy Grimaldi's Pizzeria is almost as good but less pricey (still not cheap) and no wait. If Bianco was closer to me in Chandler I'd go more often but Patsy Grimaldi's Pizzeria is a mile away and 90% as good.
Jimmy & Joe's Pizza oh how I love thee and miss thee.  Terry Black (owner) is one of the friendliest people I have ever met and his daughter Amy that runs the store when he is not there is equally so.  \n\nOn to the pizza.  Its good-got a little kick of spice in the sauce.  You can't beat the lunch special and if you are feeding a crowd make sure you order the Big Jimmy.  I would have given it 5 stars but I have had an occasion or two when the pizza was a little below average.
This review is ONLY based on the service I received from the cashier girl this afternoon that I visited (dang I forgot her name)! I asked her about the Cake Decorating Classes that they have to offer (from which I read about online) and she took her time to explain to me what I need to fill out in order to register for the class, the materials I'd need, and when the classes are. Very nice, very helpful, more employees here should be more knowledgable like her. \n\nMost of the time I am just roaming here, lost and not able to find an employee to help me.. thank goodness for this nice young lady!
Discovered this little hole in the wall while pinging my Yelp Blackberry app looking for adventure (and lunch).  It is close the the Southeast Annex of the Maricopa County Superior Court.  If you are interested in some good ceviche, this is a great place to go.\n\nThe ambiance is definitely humble.  The restaurant is situated in the corner of a strip mall containing a dollar store, a rent to own place, and a pawn shop.  Upon walking into the restaurant, I immediately noticed it was clean, and that there was no overpowering smell of seafood; both were good signs.  I was confused as to whether I should order at the counter, or sit down at a table.  (Silly gringo.)   If you are dining in, sit down at a table and they will bring you a menu.  \n\nThe Diet Coke I ordered was brought to my table in a can with a glass of ice.  It appears that they have Mexican (cane sugar) Coke in glass bottles for those of you so inclined.\n\nThe menu had quite a few seafood choices.  There were also other items on the menu that i was not familiar with.  Salvadoran food is similiar to, but different from Mexican food.  Note that the pictures of the food on the menu do not do the actual food justice.\n\nI ordered the ceviche and after a 10 to 15 minute wait, I was brought a very large plate piled with ceviche on top of lettuce ringed with tomato, cucumber, and avocado, and topped with grilled (hot) shrimp.  I was also brought a small bowl of chips.  This was a little different than the way I have had ceviche served in Mexican restaurants.  I am not sure if this is Salvadoran, or just this restaurant's unique take on ceviche.  I picked the grilled shrimp off the top with my fingers, squeezing off the tails.  I then dug into the ceviche with the chips unti I ran out of chips.  With the chips gone, I picked up my fork and finished the dish including the lettuce.\n\nEverything, seafood and veggies,  was fresh and tasty.    The serving was extremely generous.  I left with a very happy panzita.\n\nI will definitely be back to try some of the other items on the menu.
We went here for my birthday last night (9-25-11) because they were participating in Restaurant Week.  I had never even heard of the place before last week.  The restaurant is small but quaint. They were offering a sampler menu with 3 courses as part of their RW promotion.  I skipped the butter lettuce salad as I'm not a big veggie person but my boyfriend and parents enjoyed it.  The chilled gazpatcho was a little odd.  I ordered the fried chicken for dinner which was delicious and I got the root beer float for dessert.  All in all it was a great meal and I'd love to come back and visit.
"""Went for lunch on a Thursday with some co-workers.\nOne was from Florida the other Canada. \nThey both really liked it. \nIt was the third visit by one of them. My first.\n\nI ordered the Chili Rellano. A large Pablano pepper stuffed with chunks of chicken and typical fillings. It was dipped and fried in a panko bread crumb -like batter which I really liked compared to the \traditional\"""" egg batter. It was thin and light. Great tasting to. \nService was excellent. I was never left wanting for a refill of my tasty beverage and they kept the salsa and hot sauces full as well as the tortilla chips. The chips were good too. They were light and tasted fresh. Not the out-of-a-bag corn chips.\nI will be back."""""""
"""Went with a group of about 10 and had a great time.  Service was pretty good, restrooms were clean and well stocked (yes, this is always something I consider while reviewing), and the heaters were working perfectly.  \n\nOne funny thing was that my friend ordered a round of shots for the group and the chick taking his order says \What is that?  What's in it?\"""" and he states \""""Just tell the Bartender, they'll know\"""".  In a rude tone with a rude face she says, \""""I am the Bartender.\""""  Go look it up then sweetie.\n\nAll in all, a fun night with friends at one of the cooler Scottsdale bars I've been to."""""""
"""My fiance and I eat at Chelsea's about once a month. We love the chicken nachitos. Don't be fooled by the name; they are enormous. There is nothing \ito\"""" about them. They come generously topped with fresh shredded chicken, silky melted white cheese, chunky guacamole, and sour cream. That appetizer is accompanied by a fantastic red salsa. Yum. \n\nAnother of our favorite entrees is the swordfish tacos. The fish is always tender and cooked to perfection. I love the homemade tortillas and kale salad too. \n\nThe service is always impeccable. They are quick to refill bevs and ask how we are doing."""""""
This place made me feel like the ultimate bargain shopper. I love shopping in Arizona this time of year because they have major clearances. I was able to get a pair of black jeans and a dress on sale for a total of $8.75 including taxes. That's like 4 dollars an item! How does this even happen???\n\nThe only reason I am not giving it a 5th star is ...........I couldn't find anything else I wanted to buy! I also got stuck in line behind a woman who kept separating her clearance purchases into many separate transactions, then arguing over the rules of her coupons, and then requesting her macys credit card number to be looked up numerous times. I felt the cashier should have told her that she could have one transaction and if she wanted others, she should have to wait until the person behind her (me) paid for her 2 items.
Needed to seek urgent care to take a look at a bad sore throat and chest congestion I had developed.  Found this place on Yelp and liked the reviews.  The office was very clean and the receptionist was polite and informative.  A lot less paperwork than the emergency room and my wait time was literally under 10 minutes.  The young nurse who took my vitals was professional and even threw in a joke or two.  The doctor who I saw (sorry, terrible with names) was professional and caring.  Had an x-rays taken, a strep test, and was out with prescriptions in under 30 minutes.  I would definitely come back to this location again.  Only thing more they could have done was magically cure my cold right then and there.
The sushi bar here just rock.  Second and third visit to  Sushi Roku, P made a bee line for the sushi bar.  That made all the difference.  \n\nFirst time here we sat at a booth and while the food was good, there wasn't anything to make me want to go out of my way to come back.\n\nBut the sushi bar just transform the experience.  The sushi chefs are friendly and willing to engage you and what's fresh and good.   I put my trust and their recommendation and left happy and satisfied.
We were here on a usual AZ summer day = over 100F so yeah, we liked it very much.  BUT this place is still not as good as Pinkberry.  The store is cute and it is at a good location but yeah the flavor...it's not as tangy.  They do have many fruit toppings which is a total plus ;)\n\n*This is the closest thing to Pinkberry we've found so far*\n\n*Yogurt = good but not as good as Pinkberry\n*Service = average\n*Decor = cute, it does remind me of Pinkberry somewhat.
The 105 degree heat was oppressive during my recent visit to Arizona, so when a friend suggested a light sushi lunch at Stingray, I was immediately sold on the idea. \n\nLight however, it wasn't, as I stuffed my belly full of tasty fresh cuisine. We started with the seaweed salad (yum!), and ordered 4 rolls to split. It ended up being a little too much food for us, as the portions were pretty large. The Vegas Roll was (unexpectedly) the favorite (and least healthy) of the bunch, containing cream cheese and salmon, and then deep fried. Certainly not a traditional dish, but tasty nonetheless. \n\nThere didn't seem to be a whole lot of crazy dishes to try (which I'm always attracted to), but overall the place was quite good.
My comments go as follows:\n\n1.  Say, WHAT?  Mexican food and Chinese?\n\n2. It's not really Mexican, nor Chinese.  It's its own thing.  Don't expect anything in particular.  \n\n3.  It's unique and good.  The black beans are DELISH.\n\n4.  As a vegetarian, there aren't so many options - there is the veggie egg foo young (which is good) and the veggie salad (which is not).  I end up getting a cheese quessadilla and egg foo young -- all in all, very tasty.\n\n5.  The snickerdoodle may be the best part.
"""This place is great. Classy, chill, centrally located and open late. The service was terrific, the pizza margherita was wonderful and the drinks were stiff without being obnoxious. I had the pomegranate julep and the $5 gin martini, both great.\n\nIf you're by yourself, you will feel comfortable here. This is so not a meat market. It's not a cafe, but it's also not a skeezy bar.\n\nI did dock one star for the guy who \greeted\"""" me when I walked in. I was by myself, not looking terribly put together, with a backpack and casual clothes. He didn't seem too hyped to seat me and that left a bad taste in my mouth, until the very sweet server (Jeanett, I think) took over. Then it was all good from there. Hanny's, why are you not in the Bay Area?"""""""
First, yes the hotel is near a railroad track.  If you have a room facing the courtyard this shouldn't be a problem.  That's really the only bad item and I only noticed one train a day.  The good far out-weighed this one issue.\n\nOriginally, I had reserved a suite (one bed and a pull-out sofa) for three people.  One of the people in my group wasn't happy about this and asked that I switch rooms to two beds.  I didn't think this would be an option as we were in town for a marathon/half marathon.  However, the hotel was able to accomodate our request and we only had to move across the hall.  The sinks are separate from the actual bathroom (someone said they were in the same room) and this is very nice when you have multiple people gettin gready.  Rooms were clean, beds were comfortable and no issues getting extra towels.\n\nThe hotel is very close to the airport and they do have a free airport shuttle.  Just give them a call and they pick you up.  The hotel is also just a block away from Mill Avenue so you can walk to a great selection of restaurants and bars.  No car necessary.  The hotel also has a little restaurant with a nice breakfast and dinner selection as well as beer and wine.  I came back at almost 10pm (right at closing) one night and asked what food items were still availble.  The woman working the restaurant said I could order anything I wanted.  I ordered the mac n cheese.  She said it would take about 10 minutes and offerred to bring it up to my room (no charge).  Awesome service!\n\nI would definitely stay at this hotel again.  It is near the college so dealing with student could be an issue at times.  However, we were in town for the marathon/half marathon and most of the guests staying at the hotel were there for the same reason.  No neighbor noise issues.
Adore Bridal Consignment is simple, friendly, and a unique little shop.  The very first thing I loved about this shop that it was by appointment only, one-on-one attention, gives you time to ask questions and not feel rushed (this is a fun time, no stress). All dresses are in wonderful condition.  The selection is limited based on your size or style that you may desire however, if you are flexible you will find something that you will love. I was successful and found the dress for my wedding, thanks to Decy.  She suggested a dress that I did not think would look amazing on me, well it did and I purchased. I was Very pleased with my purchase and paid half the cost for a designer dress.\nI would recommend that you stop in before you purchase a dress from any other location.  Why spend more for a dress that your only going to wear once? Can't hurt to stop in, you may be surprised.\n\nOne thing to note, this is a very small shop. I would suggest only taking one other person with you.
Farm House is a quaint local establishment in downtown Gilbert. There is a very homey feel and that vibe was given off by the host and waitress. We were surprised to see Illy coffee on the menu. So delicious! The food is above average. If you enjoy breakfast you will really love the food here. My brother ordered an omelet and it was PACKED full. Looked delicious. The menu made me want to go back and try some of the other stuff... muffins, cinnamon rolls, the different combination of omelets... the list goes on. Well worth going back.
A friend of mine and I stopped in to grab some meat, cheese, and wine to celebrate her move to AZ.\n\nWe got all of the awesome stuff we needed, then wandered into the bakery section and spotted cannolies... The gal behind the counter gave us an extra one at no charge, which made us happy and eternally grateful later in the evening!\n\nAs much as I love WF, the price tag is always a bummer. Good food = high prices though, so I suppose I will suck it up!
Maybe the management is trying to conserve their carbon footprint  - it sure was dark in there.\n\nAhhh - but I'm burying the lead.  \n\nI'm a fan.  Good food that combines interesting flavors - like their Apricot BBQ Chicken Sandwich.  I usually order the same thing -- a shaved chicken pita sandwich (with feta, olives).  I've also tried the Crepes and they were yummy - but I feel like the sauce could have been richer, thicker and tastier.  But don't let that deter you -- it was still great.\n\nThe service was good, but I thought the space was a little crammed (...if you read any of my other reviews - I don't like to feel crowded ).   I'm giving the stars to different menu options.\n\nSupport your local, stand-alone, restaurants in Central Phoenix!
I was hesitant of going because of the location and the fiasco when they hosted the Food Truck.  However I gave it another try and it was worth it.  There were some inconsistencies such as the front said you had to use only tickets to purchase food/drink inside, but this was not the case, in fact most vendors would not take the tickets for anything but a sample.  There was a large tent with a band that you could sit and enjoy some shade.  The parking was much better than the Food truck situation, however you had to park all the way on the other side of the ball park and walk to the front where the BBQ event was but you could just say you were burning calories so you could eat more BBQ.
"""If I had to choose from every single bar in Surprise (excluding restaurant bars) to just chill out, relax and have a beer or to tear it up on a weekend night, this would be my first pick. Im really on the verge of saying its kind of the dive bar of Surprise. Its nothing fancy, dont expect a bunch of \decor\"""". This is your average simple laid back bar. Ive always liked it here. Good service and good drinks. Horse betting and pool tables. Best choice of music on the juke box. Always a fun crowd. I have nothing bad to say about this place. Always have had Good Times!"""""""
So....a vendor of mine does some business with Stacy's and we talked about how they may be able to help the Foundation I raise funds for. To get in his good graces, we went to lunch there today, my first time there. I love BBQ and after reading some reviews, I was looking forward to it.\n\nIt's as good as advertised! I had the pulled pork and was tasty and juicy. My colleagues had the brisket and the ribs. Sampled a rib and it was also great. Although I had to wait a few extra minutes for my corn on the cob, it was sweet and juicy and worth the wait.\n\nWhile we were finishing up, Stacy himself came by and had us sample of few of his other sauces and the Carolina recipe was awesome. I am a fan and will be back to this funky little building.
Came here for lunch at a co-worker's suggestion and was pleasantly surprised.  Always love when you find a place after absolutely no expectations or preconceived notions.\n\nThe menu is as small as the place and pretty much rotates a couple of proteins (carne asada or pastor) within a few formats, and that's it.  Who am I to suggest messing with success - the food was freshly prepared, flavorful and fast.  I had the carne asada quesadilla and a basket of chips and guacamole - $15 (!) but the amount was enough for two to share, so not that big of a deal there.  The quesadilla was unlike one that I'd had before, with finely shredded lettuce, onion and caramelized onions in the interior - a novel concept for me, but a good idea in terms of letting the carne asada steal the show.  Moist and well-seasoned - it provided a moment of taste-bud joy.\n\nCan't give 5 stars only because a) I was not so bowled over by the food that I'd make a special trip here and b) the smell of ceviche almost knocked me down the moment that I set foot in the place.  Don't get me wrong - I love ceviche.  I just don't want the smell of seafood dripping from my pores while I'm eating.  Thank god they have an outdoor patio to eat at.\n\nI'm not at all ambivalent about this place, though - will definitely return.
This is the first weekend that Ocean Prime was open for business in the new City North. The restaurant and bar were packed, but they sure had enough people working there to make sure you had a great experience.  \n\nThey start you off there with a very different, yet interesting relish tray with veggies,crackers, and a cream cheese dip along with a basket of freshly baked hot bread.\nWe spent some time looking at the menu because there is definitely a variety of foods to choose from.  We started off with the calamari for an appetizer even though the salads looked great. The flavor was great due to the spicy/orange sauce that they cook it in.  \n\nAs for the entree, I ended up getting the sea bass. It stated on the menu that it came with glazed carrots so I opted not to get one of the interesting potato or veggie sides. This is a heads up for all of you...the carrots were only a garnish on the plate, so make sure you order a side item along with those 5 specialty items because the veggies that it says it comes with are more of a garnish.  The sea bass had a very good flavor, however, I like my fish to come steaming hot and I would say that it was more luke warm and a little bit chewy for me. My husband got the salt and pepper tuna and really enjoyed his entree. \n\nI don't know how all of you feel about room temperature red wine, but my husband and I enjoy our red wine chilled. The bottles there and the glasses of red are not chilled. However, our very friendly waitress told us that under our name in the computer they took a note saying that we like our red wine chilled so the next time that we make reservations they will ask us beforehand if we want the wine chilled so it is ready for us when we come in for dinner which was a nice little perk.\n\nOverall, I give Ocean Prime 4 stars because the food was tasty, the selection of foods on the menu was great, and the ambiance was excellent. A lot of these restaurants are so loud that you have to yell to the person next to you. You could definitely hear in there.  I will definitely go back and try something different on the menu.
i bought a guinea pig at this location and sadly the next day noticed she was sneezing and had a runny nose than the following next day she still had it only now her eyes were crusty :( i felt so bad. so i called the store and they told me to bring her back and they would have a vet come the following next morn and pick her up than they would give her the medication she would need untill she is completely better. they said they would than call me and have me come get her!!! way cool of them!!! thanks!!!
I don't know everything about this place.... but what I do know is that they have the most killer burrito and it's only 4 bucks. Did I mention it's the size of an infant!\n\nSeriously, I have lived in the Southwest for 4 years and this is by far the best breakfast burrito I have ever had. Heck if you come here you might even want to try out lunch or dinner. \n\nInside is a little retro/old school with minimal furnishings, tables and chairs but sit down and eat it. Or if you don't like the inside just take to go and eat it at home.
Went here today for dinner, it was my first time here and i was impressed! The place is a little small inside but there is plenty of outdoor seating. You might want to make a reservation if you want to sit inside. \n\nThey have a pretty big drink selection and the menu has a little bit of everything. I ordered the signature pernil asado which is pulled pork with a orange habanero mojo sauce and got the chili glazed carrots and cornbread casserole for sides. \n\nThe dish was prettty basic, it was just pulled pork with a side of the orange habanero mojo. The pork itself was pretty good, nothing spectacular, it was the sauce that really made the dish. The dish was tasty but I dont think it was worth $19 though.\n\nOverall Fuego bistro is a great restaurant with creative latin american  dishes and would recommend this place to other foodies.
While I'm a sushi fan, my husband is a sushi FIEND - we made biweekly trips to his favorite haunt in NYC (Monster Sushi) and if he was on his own for dinner, I could always count on him to be there for a bite.  After relocating to Phoenix, he'd been jonesing hardcore for non-commercial, non-fussy sushi in epic proportions served with a smile.  Our trusted source told us that Kyoto was their favorite and we had to indulge.  The mixed views on Yelp made be a tad nervous, but I like to give places an unbiased chance.  Very glad that I did.\n\nThe interior of the place is a little strange given the shape of the restaurant and lack of windows, but we made ourselves cozy in a table next to the sushi bar.  I also did not notice a pre-club atmosphere - it was chill the night we went, but maybe it was because we went after work (which is probably on the earlier side for the see and be seens).\n\nNo teppan for us that night - it was all about the sushi.  We started with a pleasantly savory miso soup, flavorful seaweed salad and moist, tender tako (octopus) salad.  Next was my favorite dish of the night (and no, not traditional for sushi, but whatever) - a peppered, seared tuna with onion sauce.  Divine!  I could have had three plates of this and called it a day.  Most of the folks in our party ordered rather classic rolls, while I ordered an additional three specialty rolls (Candy Cane, Ichi and Shrimp Tempura - I love to crunch it out).  The rolls were so HUGE we struggled to eat it all.  Keep in mind that those specialty rolls are massive, particularly the Ichi (should have been called Ichi the Killer Roll) which you could barely eat with chopsticks.  I was a mess of dungeoness crab and spicy tuna by the end of the night, but I was happy.\n\nPrice was absolutely fair for the quality of the food - there are many (MANY) overprices sushi places in Scottsdale and many dirt cheap places in the valley.  This one charges fairly and keeps the quality up.  I don't ever mind paying if it's worth it.\n\nWill most definitely come back and hopefully take in some teppan next time :)
Some say that C-Fu has the best Chinese food in the Phoenix area, I disagree. I'd say that C-Fu is definitely above average, but not the best. \n\nIt's definitely worth a trip, especially during lunch when they serve dim sum.\n\nC-Fu  not only has the standard menu items such as Sweet and Sour Chicken, Mongolian Beef, and Chow Mein, but they also have some unique items such as Shark Fin Soup, several duck and ostrich dishes, and sea cucumber dishes.\n\nAbove average taste coupled with good dim sum gives C-Fu an above average rating of four stars.
Now, finding this place was a bit tricky.\n\nThis was a pit stop on the way to Cali from Texas.\n\nThe owner is SUPER nice and they have two menus, which if you are Asian, you know what I mean.\n\nI ordered soup and a cup of soup is much larger than what I am used to. I was verrrry happy about that.\n\nThe square it's located in had a quince store (store specifically for quincinera dresses) and some place (I will assume) sells TVs/used electronics.\n\nThe prices are reasonable, portions are large- def family style and when the brothers asked for the Vietnamese equivalent of Chinese dishes (bc they only know the Vietnamese name and not the Chinese), the lady not only understood but was able to suggest dishes, if she didn't have the exact dish. The brothers also knew some basic Chinese (food, mainly lol) so that helped.\n\nThe owner speaks English, so no fear if you are not a native Chinese speaker.\n\nThe neighborhood looks sketchy, lock your stuff up tight in the car.\n\nYou can order take away, too.
I'm writing this rating on the late night drink atmosphere, not the food (because I didn't eat any). \n\nThe lounge is open until 1 and the wine selection is great. The Scotch selection is second to none which is why I'm a fan. Rick in the bar is great company in the lounge which is typically quite late at night. There are some comfy couches that are great for plopping down with a lady. \n\nThere are NO healthy options on the late night menu so its only drinks for me. Had a bottle of the Heavyweight Cabernet (which is a California blend of Cab, Shiraz, and Zinfandel). If you not eating, this is a great wine to sip on.
I happened to find out about this place because a favorite local band of mine was having a release party show at the venue right after it opened. I didn't make that show, but was familiar with the name of the venue the second time that band played, and showed up not knowing what to expect.\n\nI love the ambiance of this place. You get to really see the band up close and personal, and the sound is phenom. The environment is great for local bands and there isn't a bad spot in the place.\n\nDrinks were awesome, and the food was fantastic (and not as expensive as I had anticipated. Hell, I hadn't anticipated food, period, given it was a music venue). But of course the food would be great, considering the kitchen is overseen by Chris Bianco, who is responsible for the masterpiece that is Pizzeria Bianco.\n\nCan't say enough good stuff about this place!!!
This may well be my favorite W!!!!.....(also a big fan of Lauderdale Beach & Lexington Ave in NYC spots)........the rooms are typical W...(small, modern & well.....cool with gadgets)....but most Impressive is the Upstairs SHADE LOUNGE which is Open air, Huge, very well designed for groups, 1 on 1, etc........the staff is strong and the drinks are amazingly inexpensive considering the surroundings..........Great place for any environment and will be back often!.........(reason just a 4 is the downstairs LIVING ROOM bar/lounge is rather small and not up to speed with the spots in NYC and Ft.Lauderdale)
I'm still a fan of Sauce and I'm not lowering any stars, but I will say that the changes they have made to the Caprese Salad are not so much to my liking. It used to be my favorite salad and I would crave it. However, I've now had the new version of the Caprese Salad and it's just not like it was. The mozzarella overtakes the salad and the croutons (while tasty) are too fatty for the salad. Mozzarella is definitely the most overpowering ingredient and there aren't a ton of tomatoes. It's still tastes ok, but it's not the same. So, I will continue to hope they bring the old one back!
"""The fries! Oh the fries are so good!!!! Thin and salty and crispy and  I could have eaten my weight in them.\n\nI had a California style steakburger. I think it's a California style because of the lettuce, tomato, onion and Thousand Island dressing? The burger is thin and had nice crispy edges. It was good.\n\nI also had a chocolate custard. In all honesty I didn't got the difference between custard and ice cream. I guess that I'll need a more discerning palate. Regardless, it had a nice strong chocolate flavor. I would like to try the sundaes and \concretes\"""" aka custard with mix-ins. \n\nI'll probably give Freddy 3 stars but those fries deserve a star of their own."""""""
When I think of bagel places, I think of those deli like hole in the walls that are on every single corner in NY & NJ-where they fry the bacon and eggs right in front of you.\nSince arriving in AZ, my only options include Einstein bagels(not bad..but their egg sandwiches stink), Supermarket bagels (boo) and Dunkin Donuts, which are nowhere close to me to even be an option.\nThis place is literally around the corner from my job. I had no idea it was in this strip mall (shocking). It feels like a real bagel place!!\nI had a wonderful poppy seed bagel with egg, bacon and provolone.\nIt has some seating, is clean, and very friendly staff.\nNothing out of the ordinary with the decor, but I'm so excited to find this place that I can't wait to go back.
I am a huge fan of the Italian beef and of course everyone is going to have their favorite places and tastes. But this seemed like a place to satisfy a lot of different tastes. There are several sizes, extra meat is available and if you are getting it to go, I'd say go for it! Only order it regular if you are a fan of super dry sandwiches. I'd say go for wet if you are like lightly moist but if you are a big au ju fan like I am, definitely hook it up with the dipped!! They have american, cheddar and provolone cheese (pretty sad they didn't have the mozzarella). They giardiniera was pretty good as were the sweet peppers. It wasn't too greasy or hard to eat while driving.\nThey did have a variety of other things to eat so definitely check those out if you aren't up for a beef...but thats what they are known for!!
"""I'm sorry, is this supposed to be a dive bar? Shady's fails at being a dive for multiple reasons, but that shouldn't dissuade anyone from coming here.\n\nA dive bar needs to have an element of desperation and danger about it. At Shady's the only danger I discerned was in maybe parking in the wrong place and risking getting towed. Oh, and the Xavier grad sitting next to me was wearing sharp-looking jewelry on her wrists that I was afraid might have chafed me if I had gotten around to making out with her. Fortunately (or unfortunately) I didn't have a chance to find out.\n\nA dive bar needs to have at least a few maintenance problems, especially in the bathrooms. There needs to be things scrawled on the walls, phone numbers in the grout, tinges of excrement on the floor, doors off their hinges, etc. This men's room looked like it had been prepped for a photo shoot for the bathroom of the year issue of \Janitorial and Infrastructure Weekly\"""". \n\nAt a dive bar the bartenders aren't just sarcastic (and by the way, I didn't discern any biting wit behind Shady's bar) they are borderline defensive, making sure that you get a view of the billyclub beside the cash register. At Shady's the bartender snarkily asked \""""What can I get you?\"""" after acerbically stating \""""Hi.\"""" \n\nAnd the crowd: Dive bars need to have at least half their customers on public relief of some kind. The remainder need to be either hookers, dealers, undercover cops, or depressed schoolteachers. Admittedly the Saturday-night crowd at Shady's looked like they might have recently faced a major life decision that left them at a serious crossroads, not quite knowing where to go from here. I had a feeling for most of them it was \""""Audi A4 or A6?\"""" or \""""Circulon or All-Clad?\"""". Perhaps some of them also are still haunted by having missed the big sale at Banana Republic last week.\n\nSo what do you get at Shady's if not the genuine dive-bar experience? A safe-feeling, clean, comfortable place where the Guinesses are poured right, the jukebox is full of punk, ska, early alternative, and reggae (but is never too loud), a welcome absence of sports (only two small TV's and both were showing John Hughes movies), and a relaxed and upscale-looking crowd, all of whom probably think they are slumming.\n\nHa. Ha. Ha."""""""
Camped out at a table for hours with clients and never felt rushed by the amazing service even thought it was Valentine's. In fact, our meal was carefully orchestrated for perfect timing by our server so that every course came out just when we were ready. The appetizers were perfect for sharing, full of flavor and priced reasonably so that we could order several (we ordered off 5 on the menu). The main courses were very flavorful as well and were the perfect portion sizes to ensure dessert would be the cards. Favorites were the grilled cheese ap, the short ribs entree and the smores w/ bacon dessert. Will go back again for sure.
I'll try to keep this short enough so that you can read my review in the time it takes them to make a sandwich...\n\nSuper friendly (expect every employee to greet you when you enter)\nSuper fast (so fast you'll freak, as they say).  In fact I parked behind one of the delivery vehicles and my first thought was that I was able to be attacked when I heard this dude sprinting from the store to his truck.\nSuper yummy - I get the vegetarian sandwich, no cucumber.  It has a nice zesty avocado spread.\n\nPS. Minus one star as the Phoenix-area locations don't serve any of their sandwiches with sprouts (contrary to the menu).
I've been to the Pita Jungle in Chandler twice, and on both occasions had excellent food, great prices (given how good the food was, paired with huge portion sizes...I recommend the garlic dip and peanut chicken wrap), and good service (refilled drinks often, brought more pitas, brought boxes when we were done w/o our having to ask...).  I'll definitely be going back and recommending it to all my friends.  My kids liked the pizzas; color crayons were offered and used.  The baklava (sp?) and pistacio ice cream were to die for.  I don't have a bad thing to say.
I first went to crust over 5 years ago and the food has always been fairly good. After the disaster that was the street eats festival today, I was happy to go eat lunch at Crust instead. I went with the BF and another couple (Erin B and her BF). We all shared the meat and cheese plate, which was good, but nothing extraordinary. We each got a rustica pizza and they were all really good, I got the classic, the BF got the New York, Erin got the one with pesto and bacon, and her BF got the meat. These pizzas are a funny shape, but still tasty. We didn't have the best service today....our water was empty through most of the meal, but generally the service is good. I do wish they would bring back the 'pot brownie'....a brownie in a metal pot with banana, nuts, ice cream, whipped cream....completely delicious and amazing....how can that not be on the menu???? Overall, a pretty solid pizza place.
Horribly sweaty girl is hungry after Critical Mass.  Cheese on the mind.  Critical Mass ended by going down Central and I had never been to Cheuvront before.  Luckily, I was with Ayesha and it took nothing to convince her to go there.  \nThere were 7 of us and they were extremely quick in pushing table together for us.  They didn't even mind our sweat and water bottles.  The server even filled Ayesha's for her.  \nI took one look at the menu and my eyes stopped at the bottom: macaroni and cheese.  I rarely eat it, but as soon as I saw it, I wanted.  Badly.  Ayesha said she liked the bleu cheese.  SOLD!  I effing love bleu cheese.  \nFor $8, I think it was a good value.  It was a good portion, but not too much.  Rich and creamy with gargantuan hunks of genuine bleu cheese, that had started to melt.  It was incredibly filling for the size!\nDownfall: Unisex bathrooms.  What the hell!  I don't care how nice a place is, guys still piss all over the place.\nThe mac and cheese is $5 during the week during happy hour.  I will be back for it, most definitely!\nHuge points for the server who took Amy in stride when I told him I'd spank his ass for something.  (I don't remember, as it was 109 degrees and I had been on my bike for over 2 hours.)
We were looking for something quick and reasonable after photographing Glendale Glitters lights. Everyone else in Glendale seemed intent on making sure they got to try out La Piazza down the block. \n\nThis place looked nice thru the window, and the menu featured a few items with green chiles and one with andouille sausage. Between those things, and the owner coming out and talking to us as we read the menu outside - we thought we'd give it a try.\n\nThey had a decent selection of microbrew beers, so we obviously started with those. They also have a small selection of hard liquor, so you could go that route, too. \n\nI ordered a 3 cheese grilled cheese sandwich with green chiles, and a cup of Cajun Mac 'n' Cheese. Both were excellent. Athena ordered the Cardinal Burger which is basically a bacon cheeseburger with a vinaigrette on it. The sauce and apple wood smoked bacon were awesome according to her. She had a cup of green chile mac 'n' cheese.\n\nWe thought the peppers could have definitely been hotter, but that's true just about everywhere nowadays - everything is dumbed down for us gringos, I guess. The macs tasted good, but got a bit too cold before we finished them. They did arrive hot, we just dilly dallied around too long I suppose.\n\nThe staff is friendly, knowledgeable and pleasant. The decor is very nice with modern lighting fixtures, tin ceilings painted a greyish blue and large LCD televisions that are viewable and crisp from almost any angle. Deep blacks, true neutrals, and vibrant primary colors. Good for sports, or movies!\n\nPrice is definitely reasonable. We'll be back. I'd give this place 4.25 stars if I could. Sure beats waiting in line for over an hour to try a pizza!
When dining out, I am a big fan of steak, and great service...Fleming's offers plenty of both.  \n\nHaving dined at Fleming's on more than one occasion, I can confidently say that they know how to cook a steak to your requested temperature.  At these prices, this should go without saying, but plenty of chophouses still don't meet this criteria.\n\nAll side dishes are a la carte, and on the large side, so I'd recommend sharing.  The potatoes and vegetables are always great dishes.\n\nMixed drinks are poured well, and not priced too crazy, relative to the entrees.  My staple, a Jack & Coke, was $7.50...I've paid more.  The wine list is extensive if you so choose.\n\nService was excellent, if a bit methodical...could be a bit more personal.\n\nFour stars instead of five, because everything is just done well...nothing stands out as above and beyond, especially at this price point.
I love the atmosphere of Oreganos. There is usually a good crowd and a wait time to get a table. I've been to Oreganos three times now, and have had good experiences each time, except for the BBQ chicken pizza - not enuf sauce, and they throw in some cheddar cheese which tastes awkward. But overall, my experience there with the waiters and staff, and the food is always good. Portions are big, Price is small, Food and staff is great.
This place is great. I have been been twice in the the past two weeks for happy hour so I'm not sure why it shows as closed here on yelp. They have some decent drink specials and the asian wings beat Buffalo WW's asian zing hands down! As far as the happy hour menu goes, there is a good selection of sushi rolls to choose from.  The service was somewhat lacking on both visits, but this place is close and delish so I will likely return.
Been back to the bar for Happy Hour many times since the last review, and still the service, atmosphere and cocktails are the best - hands down.  Need to knock it down a star, though, because the Happy Hour food menu looks more like it belongs at Uncle Sam's than a Michael Mina Restaurant.  The Happy Hour food is executed as well as it could be, but let's face it, it's Fair Food. Like I said, best cocktails around, and I'll keep hoping to find more appropriate food on the Happy Hour menu next time.
This place is seriously a treasure shop. some people hate how cluttered it is but it's one of the reasons i LOVE it. they have SO much to see! it kinda reminds me of one of my trips to NYC where we dedicated an entire day to consignment shops. teeny tiny little places with SO so many things to oooo and ahhh over. and sometimes an ew. BUT, thats what makes it so great! \n\nthere are gobs and gobs of jewelry- some costume, some vintage, some fake, some real. \nthen all of the handbags are cluttered together and hung up where the lady working the counter will tell you all about them. she can also tell you which she believes are real and which are def fakes. \nthen the shoes are just in rows lining the entire store. \n\n\nwhen you're done with that its time to squeeze through all of the rounders stuff full of clothes. so many high end labels! i found the cutest dolce and gabbana top once. they also have jeans but they tend to be on the uglier side. there is a rounder of furs and even a 'fancy' section packed full of sequined 80s wear! \n\nit is always a hit, never a miss. you are bound to find something you must have!  even if it's just a handful of amazing jewels. i added a picture of a sweet clutch i found made by neiman marcus's brand.
Hey, there's no doubt about it.  Pizzeria Bianco is really, really good.  The one drawback is that you better be into waiting in a very, very, very long line outside.  And, I don't know about you, but when it's 110 degrees outside the idea of roasting it out in the AZ sun just isn't that appealing to me.  Once you're in though the food is excellent.  The adjacent wine bar is a good idea and definitely the money make for the place as the food is very reasonable.  But when you're waiting in line for an hour and half, what else is there to do but have one two or three or more drinks. :)  Parking is a nightmare at this place.  There is no parking in a two block radius.  Once again though, the food is amazing, but the wait stinks.
My boyfriend is in love with Firehouse so I eat there quite a bit. In terms of quality they blow away Subway, Quiznos, etc. Their subs are also quite large, and the hot sauce collection is amusing. I tried the DBacks hot sauce as a joke, and actually found it to be quite tasty. At the same time, I realized I do like hot sauce on my sandwiches. Who knew? Thanks, Firehouse!\n\nI give them four out of five stars for two reasons:\n1. One night they gave me the hard sell on the brownies and I caved. They were not anything special. Don't bother.\n2. The last time I was there they took way too long to make one sub and there were six people working behind the counter. In addition, two people that ordered after me got their food first. That is seriously irritating. \n\nDefinitely a nice alternative to other sandwich chains.
A prompt, attentive service, and good Jewish deli will have me returning soon.\nI discovered this place when I went to get something at Ace Hardware.\nI noticed that they served breakfast all day, so I went inside the restaurant.\nI was seated right away and within minutes, I was given a glass of water.\nMy server was friendly and accommodating.\nI was in a hurry, and without carefully looking at the menu, I decided to order the vegetarian skillet.\nIt was okay, but I wish I had ordered something else.\nI do not like potatoes and onions in my omelet skillet.\nThe restaurant is welcoming, and the walls are full of wedding and family pictures. It looks like it's a family owned and operated business. That's very nice and special.\nI will go back and try something else, but next time I will read the menu.
We were in the area and after a day of shopping we decided to stop in to La Bocca for some pizza.  We read the reviews and like them and were excited to try them.  We ordered the Porco and the Bocca Trio.  Both were the perfect size (note they only come in one size!) with crunch crust and fresh ingredients.  \n\nWe also split a Lemoncello.  I only had a sip because I was dirving...good thing because that drink was powerful and possible flammable it was so strong!\n\nGood service rounded out a great lunch.
Supa Zupas! Ok enough of that. Went the other day for lunch, and the staff handled a relatively large crowed with ease and efficiency. I like that food is made to order and that their lunch meat is not over processed. I was expecting the salad and soup combo to be a smaller version half and half, but it was the WHOLE thing. That is amazing for the price and it is decent fare. \nEnjoyed the Italian Soda mix in's. But, as someone else said fresh brewed iced tea would be nice.  This is a great location for them and I see that they have ventured into something that just may stick in a strip mall back corner....we shall see.\nOh and ask for a chocolate covered strawberry they are awesome!\nA tiny notch down from Wildflower or Nordstroms Cafe (why the 4 star)...but a good soup, salad, sammi place none the less.
"""Great dive bar!\n\nI don't have a ton to add to what others have said. However, I will say that they have -real- bartenders here. Some of you will know why this matters, and some won't. If you only ever order bottled beer, you probably don't care. But if you've ever ordered a sloe gin fizz from a server and had her come back ten minutes later and go, \Um, like, what's in a sloe gin fizz?\"""" then you do care. Great bartenders at Coach House know their shizzle from their fizzle."""""""
"""Great Value!  I highly recommend!\n\nThis was formerly a Taco Del Mar which I stopped going to because of the price.  \n\nI had lunch there today before going into Sprouts.  Today is a Saturday.  During the week they sell very reasonably priced lunch specials which I have never had, but if they are anything like the $3.00 chicken tostada that I got, they are an excellent deal and very tasty too!\n\nEnvironment: The huge menu is lively with colors and easy to read.  Over all, a comfortable place to have a quick meal.  For \groups\"""" I answered no because it is a small place and the largest table I think sits about 4.  The only think that didn't work for me was the Hispanic music played in the background, but that is to be expected.  \n\nStaff: Friendly and helpful.  When he asked me if I wanted beans on my tostada, I said just a little and that's exactly what he did.  I even got extra cilantro and a few wedges of lime on the side.\n\nFood:  Very good.  The plate is full and appealing to the eye.  They use romain lettuce as well as iceberg which I was impressed with.  Seasoning and temperature of the food was good.  They use good quality plastic plates which I was impressed with.  However, the to-go container is a one size fits all.  They might want to get some small ones as well.\n\nPrice: Excellent.  On the way out the door, I noticed a large poster laid out on the table advertising a new $5.00 meal deal.  So, looks like the good deals on this tasty food is soon to get even better!"""""""
This place is one of my favorite local spots. The corned beef taquitos and the cod with chorizo are some of my favorite things on the menu.  They also have a large selection of hard to find Irish whiskeys and single malt scotch. My wife does not share my love of this place, as she likes wine and salad, neither of which are great here, but hey, its an Irish pub and I don't think I'd want to hang out at any that were known for wine and salad.
My boss's current favorite. We eat here almost daily. Great tasting, affordable, healthy food. We both go for the brown rice. He prefers white meat, I prefer dark. We always load up on the chili sauce, chili powder, sesame seeds, etc.. \n\nTheir reward card system (buy 10 get 1 free) is kind of cool. You leave it in a semi-alphabetized tray there, rather than having it clutter up your wallet.\n\nI'm not a fan of the wraps. I tried them and they're too sickly sweet for me. Otherwise, great food.
Took friends for their 1st time to The Mission, I really wanted to know their opinions on their first visit, as I have been several times.  I really enjoy this place, it's inviting, the hostesses are so friendly and I just love the front patio when they have the fireplace going. They already had drinks from the bar, but I came in a little later and it took quite awhile before I got my first drink. =-(\nThey sat us right away...as I had made reservations via Open Table, and our server was right there and ready to serve.  The place is always dark with lots of candles and after the sun goes down they will open up the windows.  There is a back patio and it is lit nicely.  Too hot to sit out in the summer.  Now for the food, we order chips and salsa to start...pretty standard, but when they brought in the extra hot salsa.....there you go.  It was awesome!  Way to hot, but if you mix it with the regular salsa, it's good. The guacamole is very, very good.  NIce presentation too, as they make it at your table.  We all ordered from the special menu that night and neither one of us were disappointed.  If you ask your server what their favorite is.....they will not point you in the wrong direction.  My server stated the Halibut was especially good that night...and that's what I went with.  Delicious!!\n\nThe only complaint that night was our drinks took awhile, but they made up for it when we raved about the hot hot salsa and she gave me a take home container.  Nice touch!
When my husband and I went here we sat at the bar. My husband had ordered the popcorn crayfish and I got the hotwings. Im not a big fish eater but I tried my husbands crayfish and it was delicious! Food and service were a plus. Only bad thing was it was very noisy. The bar isnt really closed off from uptown alley itself. You can see kids across playing in the arcade room and people walking through to go bowling. All in all we had an enjoyable drink and snack before we walked over to the movie theatre.
Tarbell's has good food, good service and a comfortable ambiance. I had the beet salad and it was amazing! The halibut had a nice broth and the pea leaves were a nice touch! My only complaint is that the stringy part of the pea leaves (the shoot) should've been removed (not edible). In Chinese cooking, a lot of labor goes into removing this stringy portion of the shoot. The beef dish with the buttermilk mashed potatoes were melt in your mouth delish! The ice cream cream puff dessert was good, but not to die for. My friend and I stopped by after going to a kids soccer game and we were a bit underdressed. The wait staff was friendly and it wasn't  problem.
Birthdays are always a great occasion to celebrate, and Philly's is a great place to do it! (haha, I said do it)\n\nLast night, was a friend's birthday, so we came down to Philly's (which I am pretty sure is one of her favorite bar's, and I can see why). This place is pretty cool! It's your typical, local sports bar.\n\nDrinks are cheap, strong, and the vibe is very fun. Long Islands are $4 all day every day. Can't beat that. I smell $20 blackouts on the weekends. Or $20 bad decisions. Whatever you want to call it, I call it one hell of a good time....just be responsible.\n\nThe beer selection is decent. About 20 taps, with some craft beers. Fat Tire, Blue Moon, and a couple of selections from Four Peaks. Solid.\n\nThe food is your typical bar fare, with a Philly twist of course. Lots of Philly-type sandwiches, with lots of fries. Very tasty. I had the manager's special sandwich, which was topped with jalapenos. Had a nice little kick.\n\nThe outside patio is pretty fun, as long as it's not too hot. Luckily there are misters. Score.\n\nI'd definitely come back. This is the place where you can just chill with your friends. No need to dress up. Wear shorts, flip flops. \n\nGuys, leave your douchy jeans in Scottsdale. Girls, leave your slutty dresses and high wedges at your house. Everyone, leave your attitudes elsewhere. This place is for normal people.
"""The Orange Blossom Papago micro-brew is a pint-sized orgasm complete with violent shaking, left leg twitching and screaming out the Lord's name.   If I were doing marketing for Papago, I would adopt an ad campaign centered around the orange blossom:\n\n\Orange Blossom, it'll keep you coming (back).\""""\n\nI also enjoyed the Oregon-made Rogue Brown Ale.   I've never had it on draft, but it rules.  Papago is very reasonably priced and has some tasty, high-carb appetizers.  I enjoyed the wings, pretzels and beer bites.   They were all good but not amazing.\n\nFour stars rather than five since they don't serve burgers.  What brewery doesn't serve burgers?  I don't know the answer...because I'm still hung-over.  God bless the orange blossom, my legs are weak still."""""""
"""While I'm not usually a fan of the trendy (and this place is trendy), I enjoyed the food here.  This comes with the caveat: You have to be willing to spend.  We had a salad topped with beets and carrots and some other goodies with a divine balsamic vin. dressing, weird to say the but way the beets and carrots were shredded made the dressing to \stuff\"""" ratio really great.  We then shared some sweet potato fries and normal fries, good, but just fries.  I'm a sucker for a loaded burger that isn't cooked to death and that's what I got here.  There were other aspects of the place I wasn't able to sample (the beer journeys, for one thing...being pregnant has it's downfalls), they had some really interesting beer picks up there, I was salivating just at the thought of some of them.  If you have a taste for something more than Bud, Miller or the usual watery junk you should check this place out just for thier selection of craft beers."""""""
"""While I feel I might be giving this hotel a higher rating than it may deserve, I have to say I spent my 21st Birthday weekend here and it was unforgettable.\n\nFirst of all, I was able to upgrade our room to a suite because I paid extra for a pool view and our inital room was more 'tree view\ than anything else. So a bunch of girls in a 3 bedroom suite is guaranteed fun. \n\nThat weekend was also the H20 Pool party which was fun even though I am not a huge House Music fan (and thats all H20 parties play). However, still had a great time.\n\nCame back and stayed again in a regular room a few months later and it was a bit of a let down compared to the first stay....but you can't always have the time of your life."""""""
Stopped in on a Sunday and had a few glasses of wine on the shaded, mister-sprayed, patio area.\n\nAll glasses of wine are $5 til 6pm, every single day. Awesome. We also mentioned Yelp and got $2 glasses of a tasty St. Francis Chardonnay thx to a special I spotted on Yelp for Android (could be gone now).\n\nBruschetta was pretty good, but the fresh mozzarella was a bit runny & mushy. I would've preferred a more solid/chewy fresh mozz. They also use small cherry tomatoes instead of tomato slices, which Tera didn't like. Even so, we still had a great time and I wish there was a spot just like this next door to our neighborhood.
Here is the equation for this review: \n\n+5 stars for Tsoynamis:: So appropriately named: These things seriously pack the gale-force taste to knock your tongue-hut off of its timbers. Fun hand-mixed flavours to choose (Rocky Road -choc chips, choc syrup, walnuts, marshmallow...PB&J -peanut butter, grahams, strawberries...Almond Joy, S'mores, Don Quixote, and a Choco-Coffee Creation) or build your own...all with a base of their fantastic soft serve -*vegan* soft serve. True. These things are about 16oz...and a little natural disaster in a glass, so I recommend sharing if you are not plan to make it your meal. 3 words: Tsoynami for breakfast.\n\n -2 stars for pizza and sandwiches:: These were just dissapointing. The Texas po'boy with portabello in their Espresso BBQ sauce sounded unique and delicious, but it was really a let down. The BBQ sauce was altogether too sweet. The peppers were sauteed to a point of sadness, and they just contributed even MORE sweetness to the dish. Really missed the BBQ mark (I am a 'que sauce executive, by the by). The hot-wing po'boy, however, seemed to have stolen ALL of the flavour and spice from the Texas. *Very* hot (I enjoy heat, so it was fine for me, but I caution more sensitive buds), and too greasy for my taste.\n\nBut the pizza was the BIG misfire. I had heard good things about the type of vegan cheese they use, so I definitely wanted to try that while we were in town. My mistake. I just have to face it. I am NOT into the melty-cheese thing (all of you dairy-dos are rolling your eyes...yes, I get it, the big 'duh' for the vegan girl). Horrible texture, taste and ALL too much of it. (Omni-mum agreed). Even scraping it off, the taste lingered. The sauce was nice, but the mushrooms and onions, again, were too oily, and the veggeroni was just store-bought yuck. (I was hoping for some home-made-less-processed seitan or something). The crust was just a thin flat-bread, which I do not like for pizza. The sauce was tasty...but too thinly spread (and affected by the yuck cheese).\n\n +1 star for free fresh fruit substitute:: Seriously, how many times do you have to give a kidney in order to get some fruit or veggies subbed for a side? Thank you, Green, for being reasonable.\n\nSo, do the math and you have 4 stars. Seriously, the Tsoynamis did all of the work on that one. I am tempted to advise Green to just shut down the food side and roll out the Tsoynamis non-stop. However, my mum really liked the fries. \n\nNext time we are in Phoenix, we will definitely go to Green again, but only for Tsoynamis...and maybe fries. I recommend you do the same.
Have now eaten there twice. Both times the meal was good. \nFrom the front it appears to be a very small place. Once through the automatic opening sliding doors you enter a long room with approximately 100 + seats. Mirrors on the wall to the south and pictures of old Phoenix on the north wall. Open, clean, neat. I believe there is a few tables outside the sliding glass doors. But too hot to do that at this time of year. \nBoth times they had a special of the day for around $7.00. I got the daily special which was a sliced beef sandwich with fries, pickle, drink. I got some horseradish to go with it and enjoyed the meal. \nThe servers are not what I would call overly friendly but they have always been very nice had helpful. I am not always the easiest to help as I don't hear as well if there is background noise and usually need people to repeat themselves. They handled this well. No a hearing aid will not help this as they also amplify the background noise. \nWhy a 4. When you judge them with the other fast food places where you go in just to get a fast meal and go? They are much better than the run of the mill franchised sandwich shop. \nAnother nice thing is they buss the table. \nI will more than likely eat there again. \nEnjoy
I went here on a weeknight for happy hour. I was skeptical at first--the outside looked a little run down. But when we walked inside, there was a dj, art on the walls, and a nice mix of people.\n\nThe service was decent. We had the australian guy with dreads. He was laid-back and recommended some great beers to us. The happy hour prices are about standard.\n\nThe hummus and tapenade duo was good. You can't go wrong with the olives and the hummus was a little bit on the garlicy side. They give you plenty of pita bread and a variety of chips for dipping.\n\nThe best thing about this place is the beer selection and the eclectic crowd. I didn't get the vibe that this is strictly a 'hipster' joint. Haven't been here on the weekend or First Friday.
This place does have great food and totally lives up to it's reputation.  I just wish the location wasn't in the middle of the ghetto.  I'd only recommend getting take out, but if you'd like to experience the area by all means dine in and get the true experience.  The food is great hands down and the prices are almost the same in Mexico getting street tacos.  \nI'd really like to check out the other restaurants Carolina's has in the Phoenix metro to see if they live up to the orginal shack.  If they are even as close as good I'd be outrageously thrilled.
This place is pretty awesome. If my future experiences are anything like my experience last night, this place would be a definite five star. I went with the BF and a couple of friends and we were seated right away (around 9 ish). The bar was hopping. Our server knew a lot about beer and we each gave him a description of what we liked and he picked beer for us. It was awesome! He clearly likes his job and is very good at it. They also have a neat way of doing flights, they have a piece of paper with 6 circles on it. You put the number of the beer you want to try in each circle (and there are like 30+ choices.....ah mazing!). They bring out the six fairly large sample sizes in a muffin tin (cute idea!). We got two flights and tried some crazy beers...a lot of beers none of us had ever tried before. It was also cool that the beers were changing throughout the night...like when one keg ran out, they replaced it with something totally new. We didn't have any food, but it smelled and looked good. The ambiance is comfortable...they have an open wall out to the outside and tables throughout. It is a large bar and has plenty of seating. I will definitely be back!
I had been wanting to try Culinary Dropout for a good while, last night the opportunity finally struck and I was not let down. Kristen and I went with our three favorite couples to celebrate an engagement, we decided to arrive at six thirty because they do not take reservations (I will never understand why restaurants choose to not accept them). Once seventy five percent of your party is there you get a little buzzer and your name on the list. \n      We found our friends sitting at the outside bar and joined them for some drinks. The bar is pretty awesome, there were several bartenders, so you never needed more than a little eye contact for quick service, and they have a ton of beers and specialty cocktails on the menu, from fruity and sweet to harsh and alocoholy. The seats were fairly plentiful and comfy, and there are also lounge seats all around the bar area for the outside dining, I thought the layout and design was attractive and used the limited space wisely, I'd love to come back for an outside lunch. The bartenders and waiters were friendly and attentive, all good looking (of course, Scottsdale) and all of our drinks (from beers to martinis to fruity stuff) were delicious and not too overpriced, I mean, they were overpriced, but not quite Scottsdale overpriced. So far, so good. We paid the tab and headed inside. \n      The atmosphere inside is awesome. I hope to someday open a restaurant, so when I enter a new business I eat it up, I devour the place, I pick apart the ambiance, the lighting, the noise level, the architecture and design, everything, and I really like Culinary Dropout. The tables are huge, slabs of hard, rough wood, very rustic and western, it is dimly lit with modern (not too loud) music playing, there is a surprising amount of room and lots of space for big party's, they have a stage for live music (awesome), Culinary Dropout really surprised me. \n      I will spare critiquing each meal and just stick with Kristen and I's, but just to be fair, two in our group had the beer battered fish and chips, one had the pub burger, one had the fried chicken and two had the shaved prime rib dip, and none complained. \n      Our group shared both the house potato chips, which were very tasty and fried just right, and the onion dip was flavorful, not some run of the mill dip, and the soft pretzel and provolone fondue, which was fantastic. A pretzel is kind of a pretzel, they were good, soft and all, but the provolone sauce simply exploded, man it was good, creamy and tasty, you should definitely try it. I ordered the fried chicken, which was delectable, it had a great but not overdone crunch, it was sweet and you could actually taste the spices, not just the taste of the fryer, you also get a lot of it, three big, juicy, tender pieces. It came with a side of mashed potatoes and gravy which was good enough, nothing special, but only had two bites in it, and two very small but scrumptious biscuits with honey. Dear Kristen had the shaved prime rib dip which was fine, a little disappointing I guess, just not much meat, the meat to bread ratio was severely lacking, and it came with fries which were very good. If you're really in the mood for a prime rib sandwich, head to Houston's. \n      I will be back here for sure. I paid for Kristen and I, plus the newly engaged couple, and including drinks and all food it only came to ninety eight dollars, that is a bargain for this atmosphere and the overall quality of the food and staff. It also only took us about an hour to get seated, eight people on a Friday night in Scottsdale with no reservations? How can you beat that. Culinary Dropout is simply awesome.
This was our last stop on a long night.  I have seen concerts here before but never reviewed it.  It's a good little concert venue.  A little tight but fun with good acoustics.  We just went to close the night out because they had a band playing 80's and wanted to see how it was on a Saturday.  Simply put, worthwhile.  The cocktails were good, the band was a good time, and there was a crowd.  Everybody was having fun, dancing, singing along, about half girls and half guys.  Good all around.
This place is an absolute ZOO on the weekends... I strongly suggest you come on any other day than Saturday or Sunday, you will have more attention paid to your car I promise. \n\nOther than that, these guys do a decent job for a car wash under $15. They can be a little pushy with additional services upon arrival, but don't be fooled, you really don't need much more than the VIP at most. At most places I notice a very thick layer of Armor All on the dash, but these guys keep it light, and go into pretty good detail. The dudes that do the cleaning are super nice and will perform any touch ups that may be needed after your own inspection. A tip is also appreciated - I watched 5 people drive away without leaving anything and heard huffs and puffs from the workers, but I would be annoyed too if I were busting ass cleaning cars in 110\u00b0 heat with nothing more than a minimum wage paycheck... \n\nAnyhow, Danny's is good, I'll definitely return once my road trip is over, I know I will desperately need it!
I've been coming here for a few years since moving to Phoenix.  They do a great job, and the prices are reasonable.  I just had new brakes added, and honestly thought it would cost more.  They are real busy on Saturday's, but if you can swing a mid-afternoon appointment later in the week, it's not a long wait.  Anytime I've had to wait way longer than expected, I've been hooked up with free oil changes, which helps me decide on coming back.
It must be sushi week for me, as this was my second helping in 4 days. I met a friend here for lunch after a morning at the movies. I used to visit Kabuki frequently when I first started working in my current position, but then a group of friends reported not feeling well after a visit and I had not returned in the year since then. Upon further review, I seem to have forgotten to include that side note when recommending to my friend that we eat there. My bad.  \n\nWe arrived about 12:30 on Sunday. We discovered the menu indicating select items were on sale during Cardinal game days. By one item from a section of the menu at regular price and another item in that section was $1. Good news - the Cardinals were playing (well, at least they suited up for the game), but I digress...as you may have seen from prior reviews of mine, I am limited in my sushi knowledge. I went for the comfort zone and ordered the Philadelphia roll. I can't really tell you what we had - I do remember to Kiren beer, the Philly roll, a lotus roll, something with scallops...something else...I can't forget her eel (which I reluctantly tried a teenie tiny corner of, but really it wasn't bad.\n\nThe restaurant has a nice appearance. Very comfortable and spacious. It was not crowded at all, which made for a nice dining experience. The waiter was very cool, gave us time to review the menu and provided excellent service.  \n\nI am still not sure what I ate, but I was in good hands with our waiter and my dining partner. I would totally trust her recommendations any time - unless she made me eat that whole eel. Then I might have to reconsider...It was an enjoyable afternoon and I will definitely return to Kabuki again.
Don't blink because you might miss this little hole in the wall while driving by and also don't judge it by its look. I have been coming here for quite a while. The food is good and the prices are even better. If you're looking for fast cheap Chinese that is much better than Panda express this is the place to go. I highly recommend the vegetable lo mein and the orange chicken. Great spring rolls too! Overall a great little spot!
i work in tempe, and this is one of my fave lunch spots!\ni usually get the combo with white meat.  i think usually they usually put whatever meat is closest, but you can ask for white meat, and they don't charge extra.\nfor 8$ i get a ton of food!  a lot of beef, a large piece of chicken, beans, salsa, tortillas and pickled onions.  the chicken is super flavorful!  i LOVE the pickled onions.  they provide a nice addition to the chicken and beef.\nmy only complaints... cash only!  i never carry it as almost everyone takes CC now.  I don't go here as much as i would for that reason alone.
Now here's a little story I'd like to tell about a one Chelsea's Kitchen who we know so well. All I can say is that I wish this was my kitchen. The eatery on 40th and Camelback is yet another fun creation by the La Grande Orange family. \n\nI can't believe it's taken me this long to review a top notch spot like Chelsea's. I don't know if it's just me, but every time I visit, if I closed my eyes I can almost pretend that there is a lake just past the comfy outdoor patio. Then I open my eyes and realize that's the canal...dam. But, let's focus on the awesome and not the inevitable here. I like Chelsea's. I do. I've been for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Every time I visit, I'm happily satisfied and pleased. \n\nHave you had the Chelsea's burger? No? Go right now. Go... order one. It's burgerlicious. It has the special sauce aka thousand island dressing. It has a crispy buttery bun and freshly cooked meat. And the french fries. OMG, the french fries. So french fries might be my weakness and I try to avoid ordering them at all costs, but at Chelsea's I lose all control of my willpower. \n\nHave you tried the fish tacos? Expensive you say? Why yes, yes they are astronomically high in price. But once you save your pocket change and make the big plunge into your wallet, it'll be worth it. I assure you my friend, it will be worth it. Check out the swordfish tacos or if you're really in a Daddy Warbucks mood, try the Lobster ones. The fresh guacamole, the taco sauce, the fresh pico de gallo and the fish...yum. \n\nAnd the last item to be highlighted during my sonnet aux Chelsea's will be the Chicken Nachitos. Yes, I know. Nachos? Boring! But, these are a pile of heaping, crunchy and massive chips, cheese, meat, salsa, avocado, beans and who knows what else. It's a great way to start your 5,000 calorie meal. You won't be sorry. Your diet might make you sorry, but during the very moment you consume them...you will not be sorry. \n\nFor the healthier options, my suggestions include the shrimp ceviche and the Del Mar Salad. I heart avocados as if you can't tell already...and both of these dishes have their fair share of the good green stuff itself. \n\nThe end.
I went here back when I still ate meat. The chicken was delicious and cooked just right. The salad was fresh and interesting. I consider myself a very picky eater, and everything was just right here. The french fries were delicious and crisp.  The prices were good for this type of place.\n\nMy friend ordered a burger and fries and also enjoyed her meal. \n\nI love the atmosphere here. It feels like we're not in Arizona, and that is always a nice thing.  I like how it's counter service, so no waiter is trying to rush us out of there.   I would go here more often except that I live in Phoenix now.
A great little Irish beer with fabulous pub food and awesome drinks!! Quite an extensive selection of whiskeys and import beers alone! I`m usually not a big beer drinker but I did try a dirty black and tan ( half Guinness and half Irish cider), hello delicious!! \nI have been here three times so far to indulge with my friends, group trivia, and its always a great time!! Superb and friendly staff! Plus the gal who reads out the trivia questions has quite a thick Irish brogue, quite enjoyable! Great atmosphere!
A group of us went to Geisha for Restaurant Week dinner last night and it was surprisingly really good!!   When I had heard of Geisha it was for the cocktails, music and people I had very little about their food however it was delicious and we will definitely go back to try other foods on the menu.  Our group had a couple different items they offered on the tasting menu however particularly the spicy pork dumplings and the sea bass were very YUMMY!  The sea bass came out piping hot which made it that much more tasty.  Also something to note, which is a HUGE compliment to Geisha ...they cleared the plates!!  Novel concept for some restaurants in Scottsdale.  Our server and the service staff made sure when we were done with a course to clear our plates quickly so we could chat and enjoy more cocktails- love that!  All the girls had the fried banana and green tea sundae...beautiful table presence, eh on the ice cream.  The fried bananas were AMAZING but the ice cream didn't taste like it had green tea flavor.  I would have been happy with a small scoop of more premium green tea ice cream rather than a big scoop of the blue bunny.  Fortunately the friend bananas were delicious so I would order it again just for those.\nIf they had not been included in restaurant week I don't think we would have ever thought to eat there, overall it was very good .  The service was good, the food was hot and tasty, the atmosphere was fun and ladies don't forget to check out the restrooms ;)  and let folks know don't come in after you if you're gone for 20 min!
I went to Atlas Bistro the first time a few years ago for an anniversary dinner...I remember it being delish, if a little heavy on the foie gras (I know, I know...I'm just not that big of a fan). We had ordered the chef's tasting menu. \n\nI tried again for Restaurant Week with a friend, and it was as delicious as I remembered. I started with sweet chile veal sweetbreads over creamed corn (good, but the flavor was a little reminiscent of sweet and sour fried pork takeout Chinese), salmon skin salad and grilled swordfish over white beans with local sausage and pepperonata. Loved the beans with sliced sausage, and the swordfish was meaty and fresh. My dining partner started with gnocchi with cauliflower and mushrooms, had a grilled romaine salad with anchovies and an over-easy egg on the top, and a pork porterhouse with ginger butter (?) After trying her dishes, I wished I wouldn't have ordered all of my selections, but they came recommended by the server. Her gnocchi starter was crave-able. \n\nLove the attached wine store (the girl that worked there helped us pick out an amazing malbec), and the general ambiance of Atlas Bistro. It's friendly and not at all stuffy.
I love The Clubhouse. Its not super tiny like some smaller venues and they tend to book bands that I want to see. The stage is not high and and there is no barrier separating you from the band which is always best. The parking is convenient and you can hit the Circle K right afterward to quench your thirst. My favorite show here was Foxy Shazam, and lets just say that if you have not heard of them you might as well consider yourself a wiener.
This place is tiny and its a liitle bit in the cutties...this is another one of them down places. So Foofoo warning in effect. \n\nStart with koolaid but get some water to cut it. This is the sweetest koolaid ever. Its good....i think the ratio is 1 jar of Water, one pack of koolaid, one pound of sugar! Lol!\n\nThe waffle is great. The chicken.....awesome. \n\nDesert was amazing! Banana pudding was off the hook.\n\nIm mobile.so sorry i can't write too much more but this place is worth stopping at if you're ever in phoenix. Comfortable great music great food.
I agree with Stevey P.  I dig this place.  They have the best ribbed tanks...they are the perfect weight and don't lose their shape.  I have about 7 of the jersey knit scarf/wrap thingys....I love them!  Not every shirt has to have some ridiculous, stupid, or cheesey slogan on them...sometimes you just want a plain solid shirt or tank.  (Except for Yelp shirts....and I have one too from AA!) \n\nI won't lie...most of my AA experience comes from the one on Newbury in Boston but I did find the perfect blue polo dress in the Mill store over the summer.  I searched high and low for a plain navy blue polo dress and couldn't find one anywhere until I came here.  (And I wanted jersey knit, not a pique.)  They did change the return policy in the past year...you used to be able to get a refund but now its store credit only.\n\nI take one star off for the incredibly creepy ad campaign.
Orange Table is one of those places that you always wonder why you don't go there more often...did that make sense?\nIn other words, Orange Table is definitely worth going to over and over again.  \n\nThe menu is varied, but small enough to where they can make each dish perfect.  I got the tuna sandwich and even without a side dish, it filled me up and left me happy.  Their tuna salad has a lot more chunks than I am used to, I think it might have been jicama or something similar, but it was a nice change.  Their iced tea is apricot flavored, which I've never had before (and really liked), and their outdoor seating is inexpensive but homey.  \n\nWith beach cruisers and leashed dogs in my peripherals, I sat and finished my sandwich thinking to myself that I would give this place 5 yelp stars...if not for the indifferent service.\nCome on people...a smile won't kill you...it's a beautiful day!\n\nOther than that, great place, great food, laid back atmosphere.  Plus they serve breakfast and booze...my 2 favorite things.\nGive them a whirl.
I like all the Sprouts locations I've visited, but this is my most frequented one. I go once or twice a week for good and fairly priced produce. I hardly ever get a disappointing fruit or veggie from Sprouts. \n\nThe fun and adventurous thing about this location is that most of the customers at any given time seem to be retirees. In the parking lot, if you see back-up lights on a car, you'd better run! They don't look and they don't pause before backing out. Yes, it may take them making a 7 point turn to get out of that spot, but by golly, they are not stopping for man nor beast. I usually just walk in the gravel medians! Sigh... I look forward to being a retiree myself one day and not giving a flip about what anyone else is doing.
Ok so this place needs a make over, and I would never spend 10 dollars to get in and then another 3 dollars for skates on a Friday or Saturday. However I love Monday discount night where it is 3 dollars to get in and that includes skates. \n\nI took a little kid that I work with who had never skated and the people were so nice to help up get him on and off the floor. When he fell, they were amazing and stopped all the people from skating so I could get him off the floor. That was so great. We will be back :-)
"""While my buddy Mike Z. was in town, we hit a few high spots...by which I could mean that we were high when we hit them...so munchies:)\n\nBut, no...my drug of choice is KetelOne or Bunnahabhain these days:)\n\nOne of the high spots was the fabulous Scottsdale Waterfront and Olive and Ivy:)\n\nOf all the things that you can say about the Scottsdale Waterfront the most accurate is that it is, indeed, on the water:)\n\nI grew up in the northwest and then lived in San Francisco for many years...I've dined overlooking the Mighty Columbia, the Mighty Pacific, The Mighty Willamette.\n\nWhile traveling, I've managed to sup while overlooking the Mighty North Sea, the Mighty Atlantic and the Mighty Mississippi.\n\nI'm probably not a good one to ask about the waterfront appeal of the Mighty Arizona Canal:)\n\nNever the less, Olive and Ivy is a nice enough place:)\n\nIt's another Fox Concept (don't you just love the branding and labeling of these kinds of things:)\n\nI suppose it would just be too darn simple to just say \Hey, look!...Sam Fox just opened a new place!:)...Yay!\""""...or something like that...no, it's a \""""concept\""""...and if you know me at all (and most of you don't) you know that restaurant nomenclature is nearly a complete mystery to me.\n\nFox Concept is no exception (oh, I get the \""""Olive and Ivy\""""...it's sort of Mediterranean, with a what...California overbite?:)...is that a concept?\n\nI any event, The Beautiful Carin, Mike and I strolled over for cocktails and dinner, stayed for desert, sat out on the patio (which is very pleasant, BTW:)\n\nAnd we enjoyed ourselves!\n\nWell, why not...it was an enjoyable evening...pleasant atmosphere... the service was very good (I sometimes wonder if my reputation as a stupid good tipper is being spread around town...I seem to get great service even in places that don't really have a reputation for good service...I don't know...maybe it's just a coincidence:)\n\nAt any rate...the concept was hoppin'!:-)\n\nTon's of terrific people watching...people dining, people strolling along the Mighty Arizona Canal, people doing the hook up dance in the bar...dinner and a show...what a concept! :-)\n\nWe each had a couple of marti's (oh, the joys of being able to walk to dinner!:)\n\nWe started with a hummus something appetizer and antipasti...The Beautiful Carin and I split a perfectly serviceable Caesar salad and I had a nice risotto, while Carin ordered her standby...roasted chicken (I wish I could remember what Mikey ordered, but I was too busy with my marti's, chit chat and what not:)\n\nAfter dinner, desert seemed like a reasonable idea:)\n\nMike and I each had a Porto, while we all shared something chocolate and another something kind of cinnamon and orange...\n\nIt was all pretty good, not the best risotto, but good...actually, not the best anything, but still good...all pretty well executed (if not truly inspired)\n\nIf Fox's Concept is separating me from my money on a fairly regular basis, then I guess it's a successful concept:)"""""""
My favorite burger in Arizona for two years running. I must frequent Delux at least once every other week or so.  The fancy burger bar concept, trendy digs, Camelback corridor locale and outdoor patio with misters means it's usually crowded and usually loud -beware. The service is always quick and dependable - and the food is top notch.  They have two types of burgers - but the Delux burger with angus beef, gruyere, bacon arugula and caramelized onions on baguette is soooo good.  Likewise on the caprese salad and the sweet potato fries.  Order extra of the aioli dipping sauce for your fries. OMG. I. LOVE. THIS. STUFF.\n\nThe chicken panini is just OK, but the mahi mahi sandwich and veggie panini are great.  Don't forget to wash it down with one of the many beers on tap - they must have about 40 or so including the beloved Anchor Steam.  Dinner for two will be about $40, but like everything else - you get what you pay for.  An Islands burger this aint! A few copycat concepts have popped up in Phoenix, but make no mistake - Delux is the best.
GREAT BURGERS!!! Went here on a weeknight. It was still busy enough that we had to wait 15 minutes for a table. The staff was really nice and took good care of us. \n\nWe all loved our burgers: ZinBurger, Turkey Burger, Weekly Special, and Kobe Burger. Burgers are about $10 and then sides are $6ish. We got almost all of the sides but I highly suggest the Zucchini straws - amazing! The burgers were large and juicy. It is a bit pricey. You decide if it is worth it. \n\nI tried the Bacon Bloody ($8). I love bloody mary's and i love bacon so i was pumped for the marriage of the two. It arrived with a piece of bacon as the garnish - nice touch. Sadly, it fell a bit short for me but the two boys loved it. The drink tastes exactly like it sounds but it was pretty intense. \n\nThe decor is a bit odd. There is a huge mural of cows grazing on the wall while we you chow down on that exact fury friend. Kind of creepy but we went with it. \n\nIt was great overall! Love the Biltmore area. I really enjoy Fox Concepts restaurants. \n\nEat and be merry!
"""The Mesa Riverview Chili's has never really disappointed. Compared to other Chili's, the service is great and the wait times are usually non-existent.  If you have never been to a Chili's, let me be the first to welcome you, and also be the first to say, \Did you just come out of a coma? How have you never been to a Chili's?\"""" Just kidding, maybe you just moved here or something, or maybe you actually WERE in a coma, and in that case I apologize for my insensitivity. \n\nAt one point my fianc\u00e9 and I went to this Chili's so much that my blood contained 10% salsa, that of course being the salsa that comes with the bottomless chips and salsa basket. My fianc\u00e9 gets the turkey sandwich; I usually mix it up with a steak or burger, maybe chicken. Just kind of depends on my mood. The food is always tasty for the most part. I haven't come across anything on their menu that has disappointed me greatly. Let me make a few recommendations for your next Chili's encounter: \n\n-Order the chips and salsa. They are cheap, endless, and good. Make sure you don't eat 4 baskets before your food comes through or your appetite will be finished before the main course. \n\n-Be careful when ordering take out. Chili's food, just like many similar places, is not very good 20 minutes later when you get home. It is just MUCH better fresh, so I recommend you dine-in.\n\n-Usually at all their tables they have a stack of cardboard coasters. These coasters, in addition to providing your beverage with comfortable refuge, maybe also be used to build towers using triangles, similar to playing card towers. This activity is for use when waiting for your food to come out. \n\n-The water here, and only sometimes, tastes kind of like toilet water. Now, admittedly, I have never tasted toilet water, so I am basing this purely on what I believe toilet water would taste like. Sometimes the water is great though, just a few times has the water tasted a bit nasty. Get it with lemon or ask for a bottle, after you initially try it of course. \n\n-The garlic bread that comes with the steak is heavenly. You can order a basket with four pieces. I recommend it. \n\nSo yea, that's all I got for Chili's. It is good, clean place to eat that is generally not very crowded. Can't be that. I think their slogan, \""""Pepper in some fun\"""" is kind of lame though, and I can't change my opinion on that. Sorry."""""""
Peppered bacon and sweet cream butter griddle cakes.  Mmmmm.  The griddle cakes get this nice little crispy edge on them.  Can I get a big woooooot wooooot!!!  MBB is an awesome LITTLE joint to stop at for breakfast.  I stress little because while the food is tall in stature, the place is small small small.  If you're going to go on the weekend, go early.  You probably have much less chance of a wait during the week.  \n\nDefinitely a hot spot for breakfast in Phoenix.
Part of me wants to give The Grapevine 5 stars because I thought it was awesome. Just consider this...\n\n- At several points throughout the night our group was the only group of people in the place other than the KJ and bartenders. When this happened the KJ picked songs for us and made us sing them. Songs like I Like Big Butts or Short Dick Man\n- The KJ joined several songs in accompaniment on the harmonica.\n- It's a dive bar with karaoke!\n- At one point the bartender was making me a drink and singing a karaoke song herself.\n\nBut, the truth is a 5 star rating might not be entirely fair. Because it is dirty and dim (as a dive bar should be). And personally I think they'd rather have their regulars in here than too many new, hipster-y folks indulging in the irony of singing a Salt-n-Pepa song while the older KJ plays along on his harmonica. And also, the place puts a hurting on your pocket book considering what kind of dive it is. I haven't seen prices this high in a karaoke joint since I last lived in SF. Ouch.
I went here to 'do a project' with a friend (the project did not get done at all, but I digress) and he's from Taiwan so that was cool. We ordered so much food and it was so cheap! that was pretty awesome. We got the Taiwan noodles, which are rice noodles with some veggies like carrots and sprouts, and it was topped with some ground pork. It was pretty good, the noodles were a little hard to bite through, but the flavor was good. Then we got the pork chops, which were really good. They are breaded and fried and had a lot of flavor. We got the fried dumplings which were really good. They were crunchy on the bottom and soft on the top. It could have been more flavorful, but it was still good. Plus the potsticker sauce had little green onions in it, which is always good. We got green onion pancakes which were the best part! They were crispy, yet chewy, and had a great flavor.... so yum. Finally we got shaved ice with boba, red bean, grass jelly, and condensed milk. I've never had anything like that before, but it was pretty good. So overall, it was good and I would come back. The service wasn't too bad like others have said, but I could see how it might be if the place was busier.
I frequent Olive & Ivy quite often -- almost once a weekend, in fact, since I love their brunch menu.  The food is definitely not the best, or the most exotic that can be available, but I find it very good nonetheless.  \n\nThe normal routine I find most in tune with my taste is to walk in mid-morning and put my name in (I always end up waiting, though it's normally only 5 minutes, so its completely negligible), which gives me just enough time to grab a mimosa for my brunch mate and I.  The mimosa's are somewhat of a hit-and-miss, meaning the ratio of ingredients ranges depending on which bartender does the job.  Really though, they never are bad, and much better than countless other establishments I've patronized.\n\nThe food is very good in my opinion, and the pastry basket is a nice addition to any brunch, though it's definitely not for those on any sort of diet!  I usually order the mushroom omelet, which works great for any sort of low carb diet, and I am always happy with it.\n\nThe atmosphere is pretty good for weekend mornings, though I haven't yet tried a dinner here yet.  I've heard fairly good things from everyone I know that has gone, though.  The outdoor patio is somewhat of a rarity in the Valley of the Sun, which is a shame since the 8 or so months out of the year when the weather is enjoyable (they have portable heaters during the winter), the spacious patio is very nice.  There are expansive sofas surrounding a fountain, and arranged tables throughout the outdoor area.\n\nThe wait staff has been generally good, though sometimes they have forgotten to bring us water, which is honestly no problem.  If you remind them, they almost come running back with it.\n\nOverall, I continue to come when I'm available, and definitely recommend it to anyone going into the area.
OK, so knowing I was coming to Tempe for a few days, I posted in Tempe Talk to find a decent place to have some food.  This was recommended by a local... Good call.  I am Yelping it on my way down from Vegas, says they are opened on Sunday... they aren't.  I added a tip for those of you who don't read this much.\n\nI ended up eating here on my second night in town.  I enter at 5:15pm, I am the only one here.  The girl behind the counter is incredibly friendly and helpful, the chef/cook, made eye contact, smiled, started working on my meal as soon as I ordered.  That impressed me.\n\nMy food arrived in break-neck speed.  I ordered the BBQ Sampler (picture submitted) and everything looked good.  Pulled Pork, Shredded Chicken, and Brisket all came in separate Styrofoam cups, cut of Corn Bread, Garlic Mashed Potatoes, Cole Slaw, and 2 Beef Ribs... $14.95.  WOW!  This is a meal for 3!\n\nStarting with the least flavorful, the Chicken was kinda bland.  I wasn't overly impressed, it was relatively tender, a touch on the dry side though... it relied on the BBQ sauce.\n\nPulled Pork - This was pretty legitimate.  Good flavor, tender, still a touch on the dry side.  I would eat it again, but not incredibly confident in it's stand alone ability.  \n\nBrisket - Nice!  Tender, juicy, good flavor.  The BBQ sauce complimented it, not made it.  This was a good cut of meat, clearly slow smoked.  I am a fan.  I would highly recommend the Brisket if you are eating here!\n\nThe sides-  Slaw- a Vinegar based, good flavor, slight kick, but I enjoyed it.  The Garlic Mashed Potatoes- Great flavor.  Chives added on top, clearly home made. I really enjoyed these!  The Corn Bread- Great flavor, not a boxed taste... Had some integrity to it.  Would order it again.\n\nAll in all, this is a good BBQ joint.  I read a review before I entered that ripped this place and my thoughts are the guy has an axe to grind personally.  It was not my experience that his thoughts reflected the food I ate.  I will certainly be back, would recommend a friend to visit.\n\nThere is a fair amount of dog decorations too... Kinda cool.  Adds.. a certain friendliness.  From the bronze statue under the specials menu when you walk in to the board of (I would assume) customer dogs... Really kinda cool.  Neat place!
"""~Jesus Serves up @ FEZ!~\n\nFriday, Christmas Eve.  I finish up at work and finally retrieve new ink cartridges from Staples. Mate and fellow Yelper, Mike M. are famished. Mike relays the fact that He has been intrigued by FEZ since My review, so Mate calls to see if They're open and off We go...\n\nWho is there to serve Us none other than Jesus, now I know I am going to relax.  \n\nI started out with the \two leaves and a bud\"""", GreenTea-w-Goji along with a swirl of honey (added in).\n The aroma of the Goji is a subtle fragrance and the Tea itself  is so very flavourful.\n\nWe all are amused by the fish swimming on the projection wall...\n\nI decided upon the Lamb Kisra, an herbed flatbread with spiced lamb, diced tomatoes, lots of baby spinach, feta & lemon basil dressing.\n\nMate had  the FEZ burger with the cinnamon dusted sweet potato fries, in His words; \""""Why mess with perfection!\""""\n\nMy Yelp friend Mike M. had the Douxelle burger, \na HalfPound grilled Angus burger with finely diced and saute'd mushrooms, onions, ProvoloneCheese, whole grain mustard & Roma tomatoes on CiabattaRoll and sub'ed out for the sweet potato fries as well, intrigued by the dipping sauce He exclamed; \""""It a perfect compliment to My burger as well.\""""\n\nAnother happy ending and so, FEZ converts grow by one. Glad You enjoyed,  Mike."""""""
"""After reading \War\"""" by Sebastian Junger I was excited for the documentary film \""""Restrepo\"""" to come this summer. Turns out the only theatre in Arizona it was playing at was \""""Valley Art\"""". I had never heard of this theatre but was happy to try out a new place.\n\nYes, parking around Mill can be a nightmare but the theatre DOES offer 4 hr FREE validated parking if you park in the huge lot by those condos they started building and basically abandoned. It's on the street just west of mill. Be sure to park here and get your ticket validated... though the lot says 1st hour free, the movie theatre has a special 4 hr validation.\n\nThe theatre only contains 1 actual screen, but it's nice. The seats are very comfy and I love that all of the arm rests come up. The bathrooms are clean and the service for food/tickets is friendly and fast. I'd definitely come here again if they were showing a film I liked."""""""
A cool 96 degree summer evening in Tempe, 3 delicious ice cold brews and average bar grub made for a splendid way to spend a Saturday night with friends.\n\nIf I went to college at ASU I know I would have been a regular at this place.  I love how many places there are to sit outside and I love the lighting.  I can imagine day drinking would be glorious here although I have yet to experience it.\n\nI ordered the strawberry chicken salad and it was great but for some reason the spinach was not cold...maybe that 96 and balmy had something to do with it.  My boyfriend had the burger and my best friend enjoyed her seafood sandwich.  The star of the table was the chocolate cake which I sadly bailed on.\n\nThe ambiance makes the place and when in the area, I am sure to return for a casual evening with friends in the future
"""What a fantastic establishment. Initially I was a bit nervous about finding something on the menu that I would find to be a good \value\"""" (overflavored and priced correctly v underflavored and overpriced). I went w 2 friends to celebrate their graduation and we all ordered a palte and shared each one. \nLobster Mac and Cheease - i've been waiting a year to come back here and try this. VERY creamy, great chunks of lobster, and fantastic taste to it. It was one dish that we all kept picking from\nPork tenderloin - this wasvery well done but was still tasty - though that might have been from the garnishment. All in all, it was a good filler with the other two but it didnt explode with tastes from heaven like the other two\nfried chicken and waffles - this was ultiamtely the most surprising dish on the table. This can either be done incredibly well or incredibly bland, and this was the former. It was all in the spices in breading on the chicken (which was extremely crispy but in a good way) and the savoriness in the waffle batter. We were all blown away by how tantalizing this was\nAmbiance was great - didnt wait at all (8p arrival on Fri in May), lighting was dim but not dark, we got paid great attnention to and the drink selection was on point and not overwhelming (though it's always tough to pay $5 for a Four Peaks brew). None of us were too full after leaving which is key. \n\nOne pt deduction - personally, my stomach did not agree with something i ate (could have been at or not at Tuck Shop, but that was the only meal i ate out at since Tue of that week), and that bug stayed with me for a full day after."""""""
Very happy that this market opened. It is much more convenient than the grocery store: quick checkouts, easy to navigate, never crowded.  Great option when you are looking for a fast and healthy dinner.\n\nI wouldn't recommend for bulk or full scale grocery shopping.  The store simply isn't that large.  Also, for the pickier health nuts--the produce is middle of the road quality.  You can find better options at a whole foods, but then again you don't have to drive the extra miles or pay whole food prices. \n\nWarning: this is a busy corner and parking can sometimes be an issue at this location.
Day drinking at Ticoz is about the most fun one could have on a Sunday afternoon. Robert M, Ayesha S and I made Ticoz our second drinking stop yesterday (following Postino) because we were picking Dottsy up from the airport and needed to find something to occupy our time. As goes for most any situation, libations came to the rescue!\n\nI'd had an assortment of margaritas Friday night and decided my new favorite is the blackberry, which I had three yesterday. We also ordered the chicken quesadilla and chicken nachos. Both were good, albeit somewhat overcooked for my liking.\n\nPreviously, I've had the sangria and while not nearly as good as Dottsy's it suits the purpose.
So sad that I have to write an update on my ROTD :(  I still love you House of Tricks...but the service is just getting worse and worse.  I can't go there anymore during my work lunch...the servers take too long with drinks, food, the bill...and you know that I only have 80 minutes on the meter!  And it seems like the quiche is the best meal...the crepes I had the other day were just ok....it was a chicken, spinach and mushroom crepes...but with all of the mushrooms...I couldn't find any spinach or chicken!
I wish we had a happy hour sushi bar that started at 10pm for the night lovers in all of us in Charlotte, NC! Zen 32 offers $3-$6 happy hour sushi rolls, appetizers, and some drinks from 10pm-2am. \n\nThe quality of the sushi was very good! I wish at the time I would have been more hungry, I could have eaten it up! The spicy tuna and vegetable rolls were great...I can't remember the other rolls we ordered, but just as delicious.\n\nThe downfall was the service. Initially we were greeted by the hostess, but it took approximately 18 minutes for a server to show up. Typically that would have been unacceptable and I would have said something or just left, but it was on New Year's Eve and was a reunion with friends that I had not seen in a long time so we were just chatting. However, I think the hostess caught on to how long it had been because when we eventually started looking around we caught her eye and within another minute, our server showed. \n\nThe atmosphere is dim and intimate. They also have a patio (with heat lamps). Overall, I enjoyed my experience and the food was delicious! Next time I'm in town, I'll visit you again Zen 32!
"""Noticed this place on the way to an appointment this evening and decided to stop in for quick dinner time meal.  \n\nOrdered the \small\"""" pulled pork BBQ sandwich, along with a side of cole slaw and beans.  No beer was available so I ordered an iced tea.\n\nService was of the \""""man of few words\"""" variety, gruff but not unpleasant.  \n\nI grabbed a table and sat down to read a magazine and the food was brought out to my table a few minutes later.  The \""""small\"""" sandwich was piled almost 2\"""" high with meat, and turned out to be plenty to eat in one sitting.  Tasty with enough sauce, meat was just a little on the stringy side, but I prefer that over mush-meat.  \n\nLawd knows why most of the BBQ places in town serve up their sandwiches on a weak-ass flimsy white bread bun, and Stacy's was no exception.  I think it would really improve the sandwiches if they switched to a higher quality piece of bread to match the meat.  \n\nThe iced tea didn't really have but a few ice cubes in it,  which normally creates a problem.  This time it was just cold enough and the styrofoam cup kept it from warming up too much.  I dislike paying full drink prices for what amounts to a cupful of ice as much as the next guy, but ya gotta have *some* solid coolant, come on.\n\nThe cole slaw and beans were decent, I think I actually prefer the ones at Honey Bear BBQ, but that's just me.  I am not a BBQ gourmet by any stretch of the imagination. \n\nTotal came to $9.50 for everything, and I felt like it was a good value.  I will stopping in here again for BBQ next time I'm in the area."""""""
C-Fu Gourmet has been wonderful.  They have so many options it can overwhelming, but they answer all your questions.  Every time I go there, I ask to make sure that there is no fish, shellfish, animal product in their sauces, and they are honest about it and offer vegetarian substitutions which is always nice.  A little bit on the pricier side but always worth it.  Their bird's nest dish (veggie style) is my absolute favorite.  It's a bowl made out of dried noodles with steamed vegetables and sauce inside.
Moving forward, you will probably be able to find me here every Sunday with my laptop day drinking to my hearts content. They have a fabulous patio with comfortable furniture and a relaxed vibe and one kick-ass mojito. I also REALLY enjoyed the chopped salad (veganized, of course).\n\nMy only complaint is that it is way too expensive. Hoping that they run some awesome weekend specials so I don't break the bank hanging out!\n\nOooooo just a quick update: BICYCLE DISCOUNT: Be Green! - Ride your bicycle to Local Breeze for Brunch and receive a 10% discount on your entire check.
What can I say, it was as good as everyone says it is!\n\nI went on Sunday, trekked across the desert sands to beautiful old town Gilbert (never been!) And walked intothe most stinkin cute joint I've been to in awhile! Anyplace that has 25cent coffee and CANDY BUTTONS is going to earn high marks from me.\n\nSo why no 5 stars? Its minor stuff, and Joes is more of a 4 1/2 star place in my book. I ordered the chopped brisket sandwhich, after asking the girl in the paper hat if she preferred that or the pulled pork. It was amazing, though I was surprised to find I needed extra bbq sauce, since its cooked in the stuff. No matter, the sauce is free and delicious. Also ordered bbq beans- amazing- and mac & cheese -lost me a bit here. I wanted to love it, but felt it could use something extra and not just be standard mac & cheese. The crumbs were nice, but overall, this was just ok for me. Got a homemade rootbeer to wash it down- great touch. Next time, I'm going for the red cream! To finish (dear God, this was a lot of food lol) I had the apple crisp. Frowny face. Seriously, I \nwas disappointed. For one, I much prefer red apples in a crisp, green tart apples seem wrong to me. Also, my crisp was missing its namesake and was more like slightly chewy. \n\nTotal: $14.11... but did I mention the BOGO coupon for a weekend breakfast they threw in? I'm a sucker for savings!
Really love this place.  Came in for a late lunch a few weeks ago and shared a plethora of tasty mexican goodness.  Started out with the seasoned tostadas + accoutrements of black beans, salsa, hot sauce, salt, lime.  Yum! The Hot and Raw Ceviche was impressive as well as delicious!  They have just the right acid/fruit mix going on. It comes in a giant glass with sweet potato and beet chips which are equally as delectable.  We also ordered the Street Taco Flight.  Make sure you sprinkle some of the salt, lime, and hot sauce on them.  It makes them so much better!   The greatest thing is you don't feel like you just ate a ton of bricks when eating here. Everything is really fresh and light and refreshing.   Even the chocolate bread pudding was really good.  \n\nI'll be back to try more!
Went here a few weeks ago for brunch. I will say that I am still a fan of Z Tejas but I think I just ordered the wrong thing. I had the potato hash and eggs which was ok but it seemed like it needed something more flavor wise. Maybe a little more sauce on top would have made it better. Also, since I was sick, I ordered the tortilla soup. It was a thick soup and I actually prefer brothier tortilla soups. Wasn't bad though. As always, the cornbread was phenomenal. I also had a red sangria and it was delicious and refreshing. My companion said that she loved her burger and fries. I still love Z Tejas but I will probably just go for dinner there from here on out since that is where they really shine.
I grew up with Chinese buffet food and for most of my life avoided it.   \n\nHowever, I found Pacific Seafood (I tired it mainly because it was close to work) and realized Chinese buffets don't have to well ... be Chinese buffets.   And now Jasmine Tokyo joins Pacific Seafood as the only .. well, two buffets I will gladly dine.\n\nThey have a generous selection of sushi and dessert.     My favorite dishes were the ribs, coconut shrimp, and the sushi.\n\nIt doesn't look like an Asian restaurant with bright florescent lighting.    It feels more classy.   Another reviewer said it was an old Claim Jumper.\n\nWebsite lacking a lot of info, so I'll give some info here.   At the entrance they had a sign that explained they charged 70 cents per year for a child less than 12.  (so a 10 year would be $7) but later explained the sign was wrong and it was actually 90 cents.  They also offer 10% off for Seniors.   I went to lunch and it was $14.99 per adult.\n\nThe service was wonderful.  Our cups never got empty.  I really like the place, and would consider giving it a 5 star.  But I'm tight with offering 5 stars until at least I have a sequel visit which I plan to in the near future.
"""I have now been to Pom Cafe maybe 4-5 times.  There are numerous interesting dishes on the menu, and most of the dishes are heaping with food, so the prices are not that bad.  The veggies are fresh and delicious, and I love the hummus.  I've also ordered some of the rice and tofu and was impressed, although it could have been a bit more spicy.  I've ordered the hummus with bagel that also comes with veggie chips - very filling and tasty.  I need to branch out and order more things the next times I visit.  One of my friends is picky and vegan, and she now frequents this place quite often.  I recently ordered a salad with kale, and whatever the dressing that was on the kale was the most delicious dressing I have tasted in a while!  I have also ordered a veggie wrap with the \cheese\"""" made from nuts (I think).  It was deliciously flavorful and interesting. The flax crackers that came with it weren't really enough, maybe 25 kcal worth. I also have tried their sweet stuff, and the homemade granola bars and cheesecake bites are fresh and tasty. \n\nThe staff members are always friendly and happy to chat for a few minutes when picking up orders or trays. \n\nThere are a few things that could make the place even better.  If it's busy, be prepared to wait for a while for the food.  Sometimes the portions are big and then sometimes they are small. I was expecting a deliciously large veggie plate like last time (normal size plate) but instead got a cake-sized plate with maybe 1/2 cup veggies  and hummus.  Also, some items are pre-mixed, and peppers make me rather sick. I have to pick them out or order something else.  Sometimes, or often, things are forgotten in an order, so make sure to check before leaving. \n\nPomengranate has expanded the menu since my review in August or whenever, and they now have dinner. I noticed on Facebook that they have pet happy hour, which is cool for people who have dogs."""""""
"""A hotel bar that I'd visit even if it wasn't in my hotel? That's a guaranteed 4 stars. \n\nI loved the decor, though I'm a sucker for dark woods, low furniture and Edison bulbs. It's all vaguely old-school yet modern. If I had a lot of money, I would design my rec room to look just like this, and throw pretty stellar parties. \n\nThe drink list was solid, and a lot of care and preparation goes into their specialty cocktails. I can't recall what I had, but if you're anything like me and your three favorite words are \Scotch, Rye and Whiskey,\"""" then you're sure to find something here on which to imbibe. The beer list wasn't much to talk about, but did I mention the Scotch, rye and whiskey? \n\nI was waited on by three different bartenders during my stay, and while one I clicked with more than the others, all three were friendly, knowledgeable and professional. \n\nWhy no 5 stars? While I enjoyed the place, it didn't totally blow my mind, and I feel like I've been a little too loosey-goosey with my 5 stars lately. Though don't be fooled, I certainly enjoy this place and if I ever get to stay at the Saguaro again, you'll find me bellied up to the bar at Old Town Whiskey."""""""
We've only been in PHX a few years and my wife and I really love Mediterranean style food. We've tried a few places around town and have been looking for a place in East Valley that has good Med food at reasonable prices. You can tell this family bought an old chromed out diner restaurant. Doesn't look Middle Eastern in the least but the food was good. $5 for a Chicken Shawarma? Nice!. And a big plate of delicious rice for only about $6. I took my wife and 2 college age boys there and we enjoyed it. \nThe tables didn't look real clean though and that was a bit of a turn-off. That's something they need to focus on. But our utensils seemed clean and of course our sandwiches were mostly eaten right from the wrapper.\nHopefully they'll make some cosmetic adjustments.\n\nWe'll be back again.
This place was my regular lunch spot for years. Once because I moved further away did I forget about it, but now that I'm closer, it's making it back into the rotation of places to eat. \n\nPost peak hours, there is almost always ample seating. It's traditionally seat yourself during non-lunch hours, and the place is small enough where the server staff finds you quickly., \n\nThey offer two types of iced teas, regular and Passion Fruit, served in large tumblers. \n\nI always get started with the Greek Fries. They are smothered in melted feta, lemon juice, and oregano, It's a good sized portion for the price. \n\nThen I always get a Gyro Pita. I have never deviated past that. But it's consistent service and good food.
"""Jurlique is a great little spa in the heart of Scottsdale. Not too big, not too small. Like Little Red Riding Hood would say, \just right.\"""" It is a nicely appointed spa with reasonably priced services and a professional, kind staff.\n\nI'm not a big spa person -- in fact, I've only had one other spa treatment prior to my visit at Jurlique -- but chose to indulge a little on my vacation.  First up was a pedicure. Now, I'll reveal something that most people are shocked to hear: I have never had a pedicure! Yes, I know, weird. But, hey, why spend the cash when you can do it yourself.  Well, yeah, that was my motto then, but after my pedicure at Jurlique, I've decided to indulge in the luxury of having your feet massaged and toes painted every once in awhile. It was divine!\n\nSecond on my spa list was a lovely massage. Again, it was my first time, so I wasn't sure what to expect and a little worried I'd end up in more pain afterward.  But, my masseuse was very professional, asking me what muscle to concentrate on and the intensity of the massage. It was delightful\n\nI left Jurlique spa so very relaxed and rejuvenated -- exactly what you'd hope for after a spa weekend."""""""
"""Traveling for work, I opted to stay at this Springhill Suites due to its proximity to our client's office. Even though I knew it was in the flight path of Sky Harbor Airport, it's in the perfect location to get to ASU, the 202 freeway, and all the major Tempe and Scottsdale attractions very quickly.\n\nThe property is in very good shape considering its consistently high occupancy rate.  When ASU starts the new school year, this place gets packed in a hurry.  (One great part about booking here is the franchisee's of this Springhill property also run the Fairfield Inn by the airport, so they can usually accommodate you in case of overbooking.)  The common areas, both interior and exterior, are clean, brightly lit, and looking well-kept.  Parking can be an issue, but the lots are well-lit and there are some overflow areas where you can safely leave your vehicle.\n\nThe front desk staff at this property is EXCELLENT. Maria was particularly helpful, as I was able to check in early and get settled in prior to an early afternoon meeting, and I had room key in-hand less than 2 minutes after I arrived at Reception.  All my requests were met with a smile and a \yes\"""", so I was a pretty happy camper.\n\nUnfortunately, after checking in and making my way to the room, there was an odor in the hallway of the 6th floor that smelled of a backed-up sewer line or an unclean grey-water pool.  (It could be the ice machine floor drain needs a good cleaning or the trap cleaned out, or that an unused guest room has plumbing issues.)  I also received a room that had not been properly run \""""through the checklist\"""", as the shower wasn't properly cleaned (errant hairs, dried toothpaste on shower walls), the toilet wasn't flushed from last use (um, gross), and the carpet had little bits of white stuff all over. Additionally, the switch knob for the ceiling fan was missing, and the mini-fridge was missing a foot, causing havoc when opening.  \n\nMaintenance was alerted, and they addressed the repairs right away, but I elected to withhold my housekeeping issues until the hotel GM was in the next day, since they didn't require immediate attention.  Meeting the next day with Kim Bresee, hotel General Manager, my concerns and feedback were met with great concern, and an honest appreciation for my impressions as a guest.  Her attitude made a very positive impact on my overall view of this hotel, and my stay.  Her assurance of addressing my experience directly with her housekeeping staff immediately was appreciated.  I sure do appreciate it when someone acts right away to resolve an issue.\n\nCheckout was smooth, and the handy Marketplace by the front desk was great for buying last-minute bottled water & tea for the road.\n\nBottom line: I would recommend this hotel to others without hesitation, and would stay here again myself.\n\n - Cheers (Yay!):  Maintenance staff, Front Desk staff, hotel GM, common area cleanliness, location, comfort, amenities\n - Jeers (Boo!):  Housekeeping, parking"""""""
I really love this place.  It's a nice spot to get a little taste of taiwanese cuisine in AZ.  They have bubble tea and some typical taiwanese dishes.  \n\nGet the:\n-House Style Chicken with fresh basil. (the sauce is a perfect balance of spices making for an interesting flavor combination against crispy pieces of chicken)\n\nAlso, everything is really cheap, so you can order a couple dishes and walk out of there without breaking the bank.\n\nAlways wanna come back for a quick, tasty, meal!
"""I wanted so badly to hate this place. You have no idea. \n\nAnd this doesn't come from a place of hate in my heart. I don't hate \Scottsdale.\"""" The concept. The place. Or the people.\n\nAni Di Franco says \""""If I were you, you're exactly who I'd be...\""""\n\nSo if I was both a city and an undeniable DB (which are equally possible coexisting phenomena considering my paunch and treatment of other humans at large), I could indeed be Scottsdale. I could represent everything about it. \n\nBut instead, some rich ladies and gentlemen, developers and career hype-hawkers no doubt, decided to build a representation on Camelback Rd so I could go on just being me, Dally G. Scottlas, Atlas' retard cousin, I am not. No, I did not just use that word.  \n\nBut, as I said, I don't hate it. I do hate hype. I do hate, kind of with all my heart, the fucking dumb asses who stand in line for video game systems, \nStarwars movies, and iPhones. So the 2000+ people who showed up at the pool at the W this weekend are the unjustifiably more socially acceptable versions of the 3 week line-standing uberdorks. I know I'm making a lot of friends here.  \n\nSo when I arrived at Sushi Roku for a \""""press junket,\"""" I was like, I already hate this place. Just because I'm a judgmental asshole. And I wasn't greeted by a TOTAL FUCKING TOOL. By that I mean, some fucking asshole in a horrible, horrible tie who later introduced himself as an assistant GM, would not fucking acknowledge my presence as I'm leaning on the podium. Dude, the people at the front are more important than the famous chefs and stingray skin place settings! Get a fucking clue douche-nozzle! ARG! It wasn't until the main attraction arrived and took the bull by the horns that we were able to break into his extraordinarily minuscule external sphere of recognition or comprehension. \n\nOk, so I have no idea what a press junket is... But I'm calling it that because it makes me sound like a pimp. And I need more of that in my life. But it was a night for press people from around town to come and check it out and get everything comped and interact superficially because they all seem to hate/judge each other. Who can blame them, really. \n\nAnd it was fucking marvelous. I loved the place. As a vegetarian on a meaty night, they hooked my skanky ass up. I had a breath-taking eggplant dish. Some tofu variety platter that would probably be about $15 I imagine, which was good but I would have to know the price before I could recommend it. I had a mushroom tofu steak and a fairly delish dessert. It was all very good. The seaweed salad was good but loud. Yes, very loud in my head. Our waiter, while it seemed that he had never worked in the service industry before, was genuinely nice and totally helpful with my surely annoying veggieness. \n\nWe got a pseudo sneak peek of the pool area during a party that was going on. I didn't quite understand why it was so hush hush when there was already a huge party going on but whatever. The place is fucking rad. Bring a date there. Expect him/her to put out. Not because he'll/she'll feel obligated but because everything is sexier there. It's just totally amazing. \n\nThe people walking around the rest property were as snobby as you'd expect and yes, they are judging you. But everyone should check this place out once. \n\nI guess this is sort of a review of my experience at the W as well. You'll probably live. Check it out."""""""
Food coma!  Lo-Lo's is consistent and comfort food for the soul.  We got lucky and their wasn't much of a wait to get seated.\n\nDon't knock Chicken and Waffles until you try it!  I was skeptical the first time I heard about it, but I went to the grand opening of the Scottsdale location and I've been a fan ever since.\n\nDon't hold back...go for the Lo-Lo's 3 pieces of chicken and 2 waffles and take left overs home with you.  Be sure to try the sides...my favorite is the Fried Okra.
Lamps Plus is kinda cool.  First of all, they have every type of lamp known to man and then some.  Desk lamps, table lamps, fancy lamps, cheap lamps...I could go on. \n\nAnd they have every type of lighting possible, so no matter what it is you want to stick a light bulb in, they'll have it, for indoor or outdoor enjoyment.\n\nBut they also have fans, furniture, paintings, pillows, vases and all kinds of other home decor items.  It's a good one-stop-shop type of place.  While the prices aren't super cheap, they're pretty affordable for most items.
I had my perceived expectations of the festival.  At first, it was all that I expected. On opening day, people here there were dressed in medieval costumes and of course stage actors roaming around the crowd.  I can't say I was too impressed by the opening act. However, the fun started as the gates opened!\n\nIt seems the parade of jesters and shops go beyond what I had in mind.  The place was huge! Our first stop was to watch the Bagpipes and drums -- definitely worth the suntan!  I loved it!  Jousting was cool, but it was nothing like Knights of Mayhem on the History channel.  I guess it was the PG version.  \n\nFood and drinks were pricey but that was a given.  I didn't get to eat the super sized Turkey Leg, but I ate and drank enough it didn't really entice me.\n\nOverall, it was good fun and entertaining.  I really appreciate cultural outings. - Enjoy!
Yum! We finally made it into the shop, since hearing about Lee's a while ago. After some samples, we all settled on the Black Russian Kahlua. Was really tasty--can't really taste the alcohol, and there seemed to be a hint of coffee in it? Not a ton of flavors to choose from like a typical ice cream shop, but  we were informed they get changed out frequently.  Probably 8-10 flavors w/alcohol and 6 non-alcohol flavors.\nOne scoop is $3.75, but it's a pretty generous scoop. Comes with a little wedge o' waffle cone. \nLots of options and would definitely be interested in trying several more. A great treat after a meal.
Love this Sprout's location!  I usually shop at the one on Ray and Dobson in Chandler, and this Scottsdale location is so much better- larger, cleaner, more organized!  Too bad I live so far away to visit more often :(\n\nI'd give five stars except all of the prepared foods at the deli counter contain corn syrup and other corn ingredients.  One would think that such a health-conscious grocery store would lean towards using better-for-you ingredients and keep away from HF and regular corn syrup, among other things...
Ok, for those of you who like going to chain restaurants, this is not your place. Also, if you're looking for white tablecloth and Vogue-ish ambiance, go to PF changs (yuck). This place is for weddings, family gatherings, just simple good food, morning noon and night, and amazing drinks.\n\nWe went for breakfast, because I love a good Mexican breakfast, but they're impossible to find here.\n\nJohn had juevos rancheros and they were lovely.\nI had the eggs and ham and it was perfect.\n\nGreat departure from the typical diner breakfast. Perfect for a hangover, because there's a full bar, and they will give you a bloody Mary.\n\nThe wrinkle, is that breakfast is served weekends only till noon. We walked in a half an hour late and they accommodated us. ;)\n\nTheir claim to fame is the taco lunch buffet. ~we didn't stick around for that. I can also imagine there would be some good salsa dancing in this place late nights.\n\nFrom the outside it looks like a tiny storefront. But it's huge inside and mellow, like everyone there was there the night before and the moonlight hasn't brushed off yet.
When Jalapeno's remodeled their bar area, things just got better.  They also started having lots of drink specials and Thursday ladies night events like a margarita and a manicure.  I even went once when they were having a promo and enjoyed $1 margaritas for a couple of hours.  If you live in N. Scottsdale, Jalapeno's is a great option for lunch or dinner or just a few margaritas and some chips and salsa.  The food is good; my friends and I would always get a variety of appetizers and share them.  The Mexican pizza is really good and my friend swears by their chimichangas.  I had a pomegranate margarita that was awesome, but their plain old rocks/salt marg is pretty tasty too.  Honestly, there are probably better places to go for Mexican food, but not really up north. So if you live in the area, I definitely recommend checking out Jalapeno's.
Talk about a hidden gem! This salon was the cleanest most attractively furnished salon I have found in several years, but the best part was everyone spoke English, how refreshing! They were able to take me immediately and Nancy the gal who did my pedicure was terrific. They take credit cards which I prefer than those shady salons that require cash only, although they do ask that tips be paid in cash, which is a reasonable request. I was in and out in 45 minutes and was never felt rushed. Finally, I have found a nail salon worth a return trip.
Fantastic.\n\n I really wanted to love bev mo- but never did. But then Total Wine came into my life- WOW! I have found the selection to be impressive and the help /suggestions to be on point.\n\nLast time we went, they were having tastings- so that was a fun surprise. They do have coupons come in the paper or email occasionally- so that is always nice. Overall the best prices that I have found on my regular brands of wine that I buy.
Just have to rave about great service at this IHOP recently. We dropped in for a late dinner (9:00 ish) and were the only ones in the place.  Some road construction nearby made it difficult to get to this parking lot but we managed.  I believe our waiter's name was Jacob.  He was professional, pleasant, efficient and he took our order in WRITING - and delivered exactly what we requested.  What more can you ask?\n\nIHOP is IHOP - on this night, it fit the bill and this young man renewed my faith in good service.  Keep up the good work!  People will notice.
"""We order the waffle dogs as seen on Food Network's \the best thing I've ever ate\"""" and it was not as delicious as we anticipated.  It was not as crispy as we would have liked. The waffle didn't appear to have been cooked to a nice crisp.\n\nWe also had the 1/2 order of Caramelized banana & pecan brioche French toast and that was amazing!\n\nThe best was the chicken fried steak.  OMG, it was SOOO good!  Nice and crispy on the outside and the sauce complimented the chicken fried steak very nicely.  I would highly recommend this dish.  I'll definitely be back for this dish."""""""
I love the Biltmore. Even getting into the fundraiser/gala season when every single non-profit and corporate America company hosts every function imaginable here, I never get sick of this place. \n\nDo yourself a favor and talk with a willing staffer about the history of this place, I think they may do tours but I'm not sure.  I worked here for about 3 minutes in early college years and the best part of that experience was the history lesson.  They had a speakeasy! \n\nWhat I love most is going to the lobby bar and ordering something special depending on time of day and company; on a recent Saturday afternoon with a girlfriend we shared a bottle of wine (from the cafe) and last winter it ranged from a Manhattan to a decadent dessert and cup of coffee or glass of Port.  Then, I go out back to the courtyard.  (This is best on a chilly evening when the fires are all lit.)\n\nAnd I just sit, relax, watch all the pretty people and pretend like I'm on vacation.
"""I'm giving Apollo's four stars because it has a lot of things I look for in a bar. It's clean and well-maintained (including the \Goddesses\"""" restroom). It also has friendly staff, a diverse group of patrons, a great outdoor patio (featuring appropriately-themed \""""Roman\"""" columns), and perhaps, most importantly, features karaoke on Thursday - Saturday nights. My husband and I went on a Friday night for karaoke with Stevey P and Kristin S and their SOs and had a great time. \n\nThe singers' talent is definitely better than your average karaoke dive bar, and the song choice was good, but as an avid karaoke singer, I didn't like the fact that there was no separate stage or area carved out for the current singer to stand. We just had to stand by our chairs or between tables and strain our necks to look up at the lyrics. Karaoke also wasn't the central focus of the place, with much *very loud* talking and socializing going on in spite of (or because of?) the singing. I'm not going to penalize Apollo's for this too much, though, because I know only serious karaoke freaks like me want it to be the focus.  \n\nOne other complaint - some of us in the group were also a little disappointed with our weak our drinks were - I don't know if this was just crowd control, but with a final tab of $70 or so, we expected to be feeling a little more loopy than we did for most of the night. Speaking of feeling loopy, we were appreciative of how helpful the bartenders were when we wanted to call a cab, and one came fairly quickly after they called one for us. \n\nApparently, the company that does karaoke here is the same as the one that does it at Kobalt (another gay bar in Midtown's Park Central complex). If you are into a social and dynamic bar scene with a pretty diverse crowd and karaoke as part of the experience, you will really like Apollo. However, if you ever want to go somewhere a little more low-key and really focus on the karaoke part, you might want to check Kobalt out."""""""
Went there on a coupon from dealchicken.com and enjoyed it very much.  We were there at lunch and  were seated in the bar area quickly which was fine with us as it was a booth.  The waiter was attentive and competent.  I think some may not be too interested in being attentive since we were there on a coupon but that was not the case here.  I had the machaca beef which was well seasoned and a huge portion that I was not able to finish (and I really skimped on the beans and rice because I could see how much beef there was!!).  The salsa and chips were very good that was a chunky type which is my favorite but they also brought a hotter version which was a thinner concoction that we added to the large bowl of salsa.  My wife had a lunch special combination which she also liked.  The finale was when the waiter asked if we wanted anything else to finish off the $30 coupon and we were at $28 and I opted for the sopapilla;s which is a favorite and I expected 4 or 5 with some honey but it was a huge bowl with 20+ in it!!!  We took almost all of them home and ate them for the next couple of days.  The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 was just that I like to see things like barbacoa, adobada, etc on the menu also.
Being from New York, Caribbean food is always accessible.  My neighborhood there is mostly Dominican, and that's what you find more than anything else.  The southwest, logically, tends to lean heavily toward Mexican establishments.  Since I haven't been home for months, I was happy to read the reviews for Havana Cafe.\n\nI got an order of picadillo to go.  It came with white rice, black beans, and platano maduro (Ripe plantain).  All were very good (ok, the picadillo wasn't quite as good as mine, but I'm partial to my own cooking).  My friend got a Cuban sandwich that was above average.  I thought the prices were average.  I'd definitely return to eat in the restaurant, which was comfortably decorated.  The girl who took our order was friendly and polite.  The Cuban bread she threw in for us was awesome.
O.K. So I have my own health scale. Raw Vegan would be at the top followed by Real Fresh Food.  In the middle of my scale is Gym Rat.  I'd place the University of Phoenix Cafe between Gym Rat and Real Fresh Food. Why? Because that's the kind of food they offer.  So if you're looking for raw vegan, you're out of luck. However, if you're looking for sometimes fresh and sometimes vitamins produced in a lab..this is your place.  No value statement here.\nThe food tastes good, its not that loud, and you can walk in whether you have anything to do with U of Px or not.  \nMake the trip and enjoy the experience.\nP.S. They have fresh sushi!
Loved the atmosphere here, and the beer list isn't too shabby, either. Boasting around 30 taps, and most are not just your local beers like SanTan and Four Peaks like a lot of bars around the area. This place has a great selection, especially if you are a beer snob like me. For the food, we only tried dessert, but the homemade pop-tarts are amazing! Don't leave without trying some. The rest of the menu looked good as well, and we'll definitely be back to try more.
A while back we picked up some Sweet Italian Sausage from the Farmer's Market and we kept it in our freezer.  Finally we broke out the good stuff to make our own bangers and mash and it was DELICIOUS!  The sausage is flavorful yet mild and the insides are really tender and they crumble when you cut into it.  You can just tell by looking at it, that this is good stuff.  It also smells wonderful as it's cooking.  I really enjoyed it and thought it tasted great.  I will definitely be sampling more of their meat.
This is a solid four stars. You can sit at a bar with a great view of the movie or you can sit at a table. Either way you can't go wrong. I've never had a bad meal here in approx ten visits. I recommend the lasagna, new york strip, Wine or a cocktail, and of course popcorn. If you haven't been and you like movies you gotta add farrelli's to your rotation. A great place for a date. And if the clock is running on the babysitter this place is a must!
If you're a college student and looking for a good spot to study, this is it. First of all, it's located on the bottom floor of college housing. Secondly, it's located right by camps. Thirdly, they have great Cartel coffee and what appeared to be tasty food (even though I didn't get a chance to try any of it). \n\nThis isn't a spot I would probably seek out as a working professional to come and work out of but that's mostly because working here reminds me that my fun days of college living are long over and it's obvious that the students around me don't realize that one day it will also be over for them! \n\nThe staff here is chill and friendly. The seating isn't super comfortable, but the tables have room to layout your work and the chairs are deep enough that you can slouch a little bit (shh, don't tell my Mom that sometimes I slouch!)\n\nIt's not too crazy here and I was able to get my work done and have a comfortable conversation with my meetings. \n\nSo college students or Tempe residents, this is a spot to think about!
I recently stayed at the Wyndham the night before and the night of my wedding. It was also the location that my out of town wedding guests stayed at. First of all, it is a great location. There are so many great restaurants nearby and it is close to the light rail and the new CityScape in downtown Phoenix. The staff there was amazing, especially the catering/weddings coordinator. They want above and beyond what I asked of them. They gave me a great deal on my book of rooms and the rooms are remodeled beatifully. The parking is a little expensive, but it is valet, and for overnight parking in downtown phoenix it is the same everywhere. The only bummer was that the Starbucks in the lobby is not open on Sundays!
I really liked this place. It's in an odd location and is not within walking distance to much, but the space is really cool and open. You can even see people working in the brewery.  they have lots of TVs to watch your favorite sporting event. The crowd was a nice mix of professionals and college students.\n\nThe beer was very good. We tried the sampler and then I switched to the pale ale. My husband was a big fan of the american IPA. We were there for quite a long time, so we ordered a soft pretzels and later the nachos. Both were excellent. \n\nIf I am ever in the Tempe area again, I hope to return.
"""Two years ago, I moved from the Bay Area to Phoenix (and yes, I have had Barney's burgers, and Delux is WAY better).  I moved into a place behind Delux and an addiction was spawned.  This is THE BEST PLACE in Phoenix to get your late-night eating on.  Open 'til 2 a.m., I can blame Delux for my extra 5 lbs. of Phoenix weight.  \n\nHere's what would happen: I would get into my pajamas and get into bed, at around 11 p.m.  Then, I would start thinking about the sweet potato fries with their completely crack-addictive aioli.  I would open my window a little bit and then start to smell a little burger grease.  Like a mindless zombie, I would then get OUT of bed, put on clothes, walk through the gate to Delux, and order a shopping cart of sweet potato fries and their house burger.  This would happen 2-3 times a week and it was Heaven. The herbs and seasoning on the fries make them the best I've ever had. \n\nI took my parents here and they could not speak for several minutes.  It was that good.\n\nAlthough trendy, yuppyish, etc., I was always made to feel comfortable here, even if I came in my sweats. Alone. In the night.\n\nThe only thing I would recommend for change is their salad.  I really like caprese salads and theirs would be MUCH MUCH better with a lil' fleur de sel and some balsamic reduction, NOT just watered-down balsamic.  \n\nI moved back to the Bay Area last year and have to satisfy my burger and sweet potato fries cravings at The Counter in Palo Alto.  It's a poorman's version of Delux and every time I eat there, I feel depressed with how much I miss Delux.  I have seriously contemplated buying an airline ticket and staying in a hotel just so I can go to Phoenix for a weekend and gorge myself on Delux and a few of my other favorite Phoenix restaurants.\n\nThe justifiably \higher-than-your-average-burger-joint\"""" prices are somewhat defrayed if you ask for a VIP card: they give you 10% off the food at Delux and Zen 32!"""""""
I purchased a Groupon for $5 for two games of bowling and shoes. What a deal!\n\nMy friends and I went on a Monday night at 6PM and were on the lanes a few minutes later...no waiting. No leagues and plenty of open lanes. We bowled our two games while munching on delicious chicken quesadillas (we each ordered a platter because they were so good) and downing cold beer.\n\nThe smell of stale smoke hits your face as you enter the outer door, but that goes away after a minute or so. Thank goodness bowling alleys don't allow smoking anymore!!\n\nNo more walking around looking for a bowling ball that fits. You put your hand into a ball on the counter to determine the finger hole size. That's where you get you shoes, ball and pay for bowling.\n\nI'll be back (mainly because I still have two discounted coupons to use up. I'll walk in and try to sell them.) Interested?
This place is really cool, but it has a couple problems:\n1) its right on central and we all know central is one hell of a bitch to drive, that and its hard to find\n\nand 2) it doesn't have as spansive of a menu as I would like to see.\n\nsorta 3) too dark during the day. The type of lighting's cool in the evening and night, but during the day it makes me feel like I'm doing a drug run type thing (not to to say I've done so, but its how I would imagine it)\n\nI really enjoyed the atmosphere and the music though. The staff was also very friendly.
Never been to Cuba... probably don't ever wanna go to Cuba... so I don't know why such an intense craving to try Cuban food came over us on a random Friday night; but it did. Enter Havanna Caf\u00e9... the best/most reviewed Cuban place on Yelp in the greater Phoenix area. \n\nWe went to the Scottsdale location which is nestled in a random little strip mall... if you didn't know any better you'd probably assume it's some no frills neighborhood diner, but how wrong you'd be... just beyond those stucco walls is a nice quaint Cuban restaurant with dozens upon dozens of dishes most people have never even heard of before. \n\nWe were sat down right next to a live Cuban band... bongo drums and all... they were belting out some pretty groovy tunes. The main singer had a deep scratchy voice and a heavy Cuban accent... and he said 'wooooooooooow' a lot... this combined with the d\u00e9cor of the place really did make it feel like you were really in Cuba, very fun! We decided to order a schmorgisborg of stuff... what follows is a list of what we got along with a brief description:\n\nCalypso Chips - Fried Plantains w/ black bean dip... damn good... good chips and salsa alternative. \n\nFrituras de Frijoles Negros - Deep fried balls of black beans w/ avocado dip... heavenly.\n\nD\u00e1tiles con Chorizo - Chorizo stuffed dates wrapped in bacon... very unique flavor.\n\nPapa Rellena - Meat stuffed in a ball of fried potatoes in a bed of cream sauce... pretty decent though a bit rich. \n\nTamal Cubano - A Cuban ground corn tamale with pork and other random goodness, it was alright but not quite good enough to specifically recommend.  \n\nPotage de Frijoles Negros - A black bean soup... a little too 'beany' if that makes any sense. Made a good dip for the black bean balls though. \n\nOn top of all that we tried a couple of imported Cuban sodas... both were pretty different, but tasted great. The meal was very fun... flavors were all over the place; if you're a fan of trying new things then this should be high on your list. The Tapas section of the appetizer is quite extensive and you can easily make a fun and varied meal by getting nothing but appetizers. \n\nThis place is easily recommendable for any of the more adventurous foodies out there; you'll have a lot of fun at this place trying some new things. For us, this place was more of a novelty, to try once just for the experience... but depending on your pallet I could see this place swooping in a stealing a lot of business from other more bland Mexican and ethnic restaurants nearby.  4/5.
"""Since I have not had the chance to partake in their happy hour, my review will be based solely on the food and service.\n\nProbably the best thing about this place is value for your money.  Yes, you do have to pay $1.75 for chips and salsa, but when you can get a burrito for $6.95, it ends up being a great value.  With a few sprinkles of salt, the chips were good and the salsa bar gives you the chance to enjoy different flavors with your chips (and meal.)\n\nI had the carnitas burrito which was tasty, but was made unevenly such that all the rice was on one side and all of the carnitas and beans were on the other side.  Not too big of a deal; I just had to be strategic in piecing together my bites.  The nice thing is that it was a good size burrito; not some \as big as your head\"""" monstrosity.\n\nI was full after the meal so I didn't get a chance to try any of their desserts, but the Kahlua brownie with ice cream sounded delicious.  Maybe next time..."""""""
Had dinner at Sens last night, and enjoyed the experience. I live just a few blocks away and rode my bike there. Unable to find a good place to lock my bike the owner showed me a covered area between the restaurant and the adjacent building and told us he was currently building a bike rack, thus I was impressed with the service even before I sat down. Like other reviews I too enjoyed the drink menu and tasted a couple of different sakes that my girlfriend and I enjoyed. The food will not knock your socks off, but it is good and warrants a return trip. It's a nice new vibrant eatery in a downtown that desparately needs a few more places for those that live there.
Oh.my.gosh.  I LOVE this place!  We read about Lolo's in a magazine and stopped by on our way out of town.  I'm so glad we did!  Their chicken was some of the best I've had anywhere--way better than Roscoe's!    The waffles have a great flavor and were crisp.  I love the collard greens, too.  It's definitely worth the trip and the wait!  I can't wait for a return trip to Phoenix to try more sides and get more of those chicken and waffles!
We like Cost Plus generally, but we never usually go there. Prices are high unless stuff is on sale, and not much we really need from there... but they do have some awesome stuff! Especially back in the foods/coffees/wines/beers section :)\n\nLately, however, we've discovered that Total Wine has all of our alcoholic needs satisfied for a much better price. However, Cost Plus is close to home and we love to just visit sometimes... even if we don't really buy much there. They do a ton of wine tasting weekends here too, and they even had a cool event right after Thanksgiving where they gave away free movie tickets and ornaments to the first 100 customers of the day. We arrived pretty late in the morning and still got our ornament/tickets because not that many people shop at this location :)\n\nThe wine tasting weekends are where it's at though. The employees here are awesome--extremely polite and friendly, and it doesn't even seem fake! :) They seem to actually enjoy their job, and it doesn't really feel like they are being forced to talk to the customers like at some places (Starbucks, for example... they are literally forced to strike up a conversation with customers by upper management. I feel so bad for them because most customers want no interaction whatsoever... like me :P) But yes, even though I don't really like talking to people when I'm out and about shopping, I actually do feel inclined to make eye contact with these employees, smile back at them, and respond in whatever way the social situation requires me to do. \n\nNice location though. We love going here :)
I love this place! Is not just the fact that there are organic and gluten free options, it's the great service also. My friends and I have been going there about once a week and we just love it. Their pizzas are great and the salads are just amazing and HUGE! It's best to share! \n\nI recommend sitting at the bar area and chat with the bartender/owner, We've always try to talk to them and find out what the manager's special is. So far, we love this place.
Teakwoods is not my usual type of spot but i just love it. I love the peanut shells on the floor, watching bizarre customers, great drink specials, and GREAT bar food. This is another place where I have yet to order something bad here. I love their Mac and cheese...it was much nicer than i expected from the look of the place! Their pretzel rolls are so good too. Moist, soft, and covered with butter.\n\nWings, sandwiches, beer...theyve got it all! It would be a great place to watch a game with friends if I liked watching games.
I'm all about the free chips and salsa. The chips are warm and light but really filling that I could only eat a little bit of my entree. The venue is really big! You could throw a party here. I loved their xmas tree so pretty!! My friend had a burrito really generous portions and I had a tortilla salad. Both were good  but nothing amazing. Great value and great portions for value. I used a groupon and I would be back :)
"""Crackers & Co just opened in Tempe in the Costco center on Priest and Elliot. It was packed for lunch today - a mix of Mesa's version of Ladies who Lunch and business types. \n\nHad the chicken tortilla soup. It was billed as \very spicy,\"""" but not so much. Still, very good and packed with chicken, broth and tortilla strips. You could tell its made fresh.\n\nHow I've never heard of the other two locations in Mesa, I don't know. Apparently it's famed for breakfast - my favorite meal. Looking forward to trying it this weekend!"""""""
"""Let me just start by saying the 4th star I'm giving this place is based on when I used to come here (we're talking over 2 yrs ago) every now and then for breakfast or lunch when I was still living in AZ. I just glanced over the menu and it pretty much looks the same, so I'm assuming the food is just as good (breakfast and lunch-wise...not sure about dinner). I used to love the breakfast burritos here and they used to have this FABULOUS lunch special I'm not sure if they offer anymore ($3.99 for half a wrap, salad or soup AND a soda!). \n\nThis review is mostly for Saddle Ranch as a bar/night club (which is more like 3 stars). As far as I'm concerned this place is A-Ok. It's not my favorite place to go to in Scottsdale, but you can certainly do much worst. I was just in Scottsdale recently visiting family & friends and popped in here for a couple drinks on a Friday night and it was pretty much just as I remembered it. \n\nThe one thing I really like about this place is that it's big! The patio is large, there's a lot of seating around the bar, there's booths, and there's an upstairs with plenty of tables. It's no secret that Scottsdale is full of douchebags so it's nice to know if you're sitting/standing near one (or several) there's plenty of places within the same bar you can relocate to. \n\nTo be honest, besides the mechanical bull (which I've never been on) there's nothing about Saddle Ranch (for better or for worst) that really stands out for me and that's not necessarily a bad thing. The crowd is often pretty mixed (douches, cougars, bachelorette parties, ASU students, middle-aged couples having a \night out,\"""" etc...). I can't think of any particular drink specials this place offers, but the vodka/soda's I had the last time I was here were pretty strong, so that's good! \n\nIf you're someone who's anti-Scottsdale you probably won't like this place. If you're someone who wants the most Scottsdale-like experience possible there are places more douchey than this. If you're in Old Town, like alcohol (who doesn't?) and doesn't mind a large mix of people Saddle Ranch is a pretty good spot!"""""""
I was pleasantly surprised when we walked inside. From the exterior, you would think you are about to walk into a rather subdued, refined dining space.\nInstead, you walk into a dark, somewhat edgy space dominated by a L shaped center bar area that is for dining. the bar is surrounded by cozy booth seating. Specials are on the chalk board walls which take up all the wall area.\nMonday night was 50% of all bottles on the wine list. Since Rokerij already has a reasonably priced wine list, this is a great deal.\nThe menu is eclectic and has numerous choices. The sister restaurant Richardson's burned down, so they decided to use two menus, the normal Rokerij menu as well as the Richardson menu.  In addition, to these two separate menus, they have an extensive list of nightly specials.\nThe food was fresh and well prepared, especially the vegetables.
"""Giving it four stars for ambiance, a nice green patio, an attentive cocktail waitress and what seemed to be a hilarious discovery in the women's bathroom by my friend who was visiting from out of town (check the picture I posted).\n\nIt was a boring Monday, and we needed a place to go after dinner. We didn't really feel like walking all the way down to 1st street, so we stopped here for some drinks.\n\nNot a bad place. The crowd seemed kinda meh, but if you are with the right person or people, who cares. There are private Karaoke rooms. I plan on making a scene someday soon.\n\nDrinks are reasonably priced. I can't really speak for the food since we didn't come here for that, and no one around us had food either. Hmm. \n\nMy one gripe is they don't have Sapporo on draft. WTF!? For shame. I don't even like Sapporo, but I figured it would be a safe bet since this was a \Sushi\"""" place. Oh well. \n\nThe cocktail menu looked creative. I'd come back for drinks."""""""
Best bouldering/top rope course/lead climbing gym I have ever been to including dozens of locations in Phoenix, Chicago, NYC, and DC area. Loved the multiple bouldering areas, friendly staff, and great time I had here. Great courses for people of all abilities whether it is your first day climbing or 500th. Typical Phoenix rock climb gym prices which I am not a big fan of but understand. Wish it was closer so I had an easier excuse to come back!
Go. Ask for a table on the patio when the weather's nice.\n\nNo choice but to valet park so bring some folding money with you and don't be put off by all the suits if you come for lunch. The vibe is upper crust but it's casual.\n\nTry the Russian Roulettes, but don't order the Fatoosh salad with the salmon which is smoked on premises unless you never want to eat any other salad again. It's that damn good.\n\nWindsor is also the home of one of the best Arnold Palmers that you'll enjoy at a restaurant in Phoenix.
El Rancho is not just a market...it's almost like a food village.  As soon as you walk in, you're confronted with the hussle and bussle of people moving about, ordering food from one of the many stalls, and eating nicely priced burritos, meats, and desserts.  I've been here twice and it's just a fun place to visit, like Christy T. said.  There's just so much energy in here and some great aunthentic food that is quick to go!  There's a yummy juice stand inside that sells a variety of aguas frescas and they even have homemade ice-creams, which unfortunately I couldn't try because they were cleaning up for the day and everything was already put away... \n\nThis is also one of the cleanest Mexican supermarkets I have ever seen....it's like the AJ's of Hispanic markets... with neatly placed products on every shelf.  I'll upload pictures soon so you can get a peek.  El Rancho is definitely more than your ordinary supermarket.... it's an EXPERIENCE!
Yum.\n\nJust got back from Perk Eatery. I wanted to try it since it was new and got some pretty good reviews.\n\nNice, bright, clean atmosphere. Great service! Very nice and attentive. \n\nMy husband and stepson both had the Irishman omelet. They love corned beef and were delighted there was an omelet filled with it. \n\nI had the Mediterranean omelet. So good! Tomatoes, feta, spinach, garlic and a mouthwatering dill sauce on top of it. \n\nThe rosemary potatoes that came with omelets were very tasty. Tastes fresh, not frozen. And the rosemary wasn't too overwhelming like they are in other breakfast places. (ahem- Matt's Big Breakfast) \n\nOne of our toast options was a daily special, vanilla biscuits. They were sooo good. \n\nPortions were large, so my stepson didn't finish his plate, but my husband happily finished it for him. And I had the rest of his biscuit. :)\n\nSlightly more expensive than the Good Egg, but 10x better in quality. Everything tastes so fresh and homemade. \n\nNow if only they had mimosas and bloody marys...
We were kid Free last night an decided to have a little date night. I figure if I spend more then $50 she will....well you know. LOL \n\nWe decided on dinner and a movie. Dinner was here at the Claim Jumper. This place has been here since the complex was built but still looks new inside and out. \n\nThe staff was friendly and helpful. \n\nThe food was large and delicious. We each had a burger. Mine was a little over cooked as I asked for Med rare but it was still juicy so I was okay with that. They cook a nice hunk of 1/2 Lb beef grilled not flat fried and add a ton of toppings if you wish. I had the bbq sauce cheese let tom 1000 island and Angie had the onion rings avocado cheese let and tom. They were darn good. \n\nWe each had a salad for the side. The Blue cheese and 1000 are both homemade and were really good. Angie had the Ranch but seemed to like the blue better. \n\nThe bar has a decent happy hour menu, might check it out. \n\nPS we saw Get him to the Greek and thought it was funny but neither of us pee'd ourselves. LOL
"""While doing a bicycle ride to the Orange Table, I pointed to a friend that LuLus Cupcakes was accessbile from our bike path. She immediately exclaimed- \we are SO there tomorrow!\""""\n\nToday, I get a phone call at 4pm, saying she is picking me up to go get those damn cupcakes. She was serious! Since I had off and she got off early, we were able to visit the holy mecca of cupcake land. She picked me up in what may be one of the most ridiculous blue convertables known to man and we zoomed up to Scottsdale, blasting bad hip hop, psyched about individual iced cakes!\n\nUpon arrival, the space was sparse and very IKEA-ish. Pinks and lime greens dominate the palate. To the right of the counter was t-shirts, rubber duckies and other merch. They do have a brown with orange stripes guy shirt...in XL. I guess big men love cupcakes!\n\nBut the real star are the cupcakes themselves...lovingly displayed under glass domes. Carrot cakes, german chocolate cake, mocha chocolate cake, blonde (vanilla on vanilla), chocolate on vanilla, and the special of the day key lime....oh man. MERCY. I kept dodging between the carrot and the mocha and went for the Mocha. All natural ingrediants and VEGAN sprinkles! (But very much all dairy icings, btw). Our lady, I think Melissa, was super helpful and even offered samplings of cupcakes to help us decide. She put each individual cupcake in a plastic bubble and in a cute lime green/pink dotted bag. She noted they do have mini cupcakes for events (OMG) and I would totally splurge for those suckers. \n\nThe only real negative (besides times..I mean if this place was open late, it would be HEAVEN) was the lack of drink choices. Coffee, milk or water. Um..I mean, I dont knew a bazillion options, but even tea would have been nice. I chose hot coffee which was fine. But iced coffee as an option would have been kick ass...or lime rickeys! OMG!\n\nAs an FYI, you can leave the strip mall complex and head down to the park and eat your delectables under  a shaded tree on a park bench over looking a \""""pond\"""" like we did. I savoured my 2.95 cupcake, and the icing and cake was perfect. I cant even describe how yummy it was. It was worth every cent. And they arent gigantic, so you feel perfectly satisfied with your cupcake.\n\n100% Natural, 100% Naughty is their logo...LOVE IT!"""""""
This place has become a cult favorite here at my dealership.  It went from daring each other to try it to eating here twice a week for some of us.  The lunch specials here give you the most bang for the buck, and the food is pretty good too.\n\nThere's a lot of items to choose from here depending on your tastes so I recomend checking the menu on their website.  Since this is my lunch destination, I usually rotate thru the lunch specials which come with huge portions.  If your looking for something on the cheap, then try one of the three $5.85 specials which include a drink.  \n\nIf your into cheap decent chinese food, give it a try.  Super friendly customer service from this family owned and run restruant.
"""Well... I guess this place has been around since dirt... in different locations...Or so I'm told.\nI have to agree with a lot of the previous reviews like Melissa F, Kituria G.(and I have heard about the 'Free Taxi' story from other bars too) and  Michael C. overall this place has style and uniqueness seldomly seen in other bars. It defiantly not a stuffy, upscale Scottsdale bar- but sometimes that is just what we need! \nIt's just a beer and Wine joint, with 2 frozen drink machines- didn't check on the flavors. The Beer selection was healthy! Good imports and seasonal are available.\nWines were OK.. I didn't see a huge selection..BUT i wasn't really looking... service is below average... both bar and wait service was slow on a slow Friday night; or so it seemed.\nNot a place to go if you wanted a \sit-down and be waited on dinner\"""", meat is given to you with buns at cook yourself! A novelty idea, and it is fun to do once.. or maybe for lunch after golf or a hike- Personally it was a great end to an afternoon of Frisbee Golf!\n\nNUTSHELL- a great place to meet some folks for some afternoon beers, always weekend music. I'd given it 5 stars but it's no 'Minder Binders'!!!\n(GOD how I miss Minder Binders!!)"""""""
"""Helmet Harbor is a solid locally owned business that is my first recommendation to anyone who wants to buy a helmet. \n\nTodd (the owner) can pretty much take one look at your cranium and pick out the right sized helmet. They also carry other protective gear such as jackets, pants, gloves and footwear.  Although the shop itself is small, Todd is very particular about which products make it to the shelves, so the selection is surprisingly good for the space.\n\nI like the fact that he will give you his straight-up unvarnished opinion about any product in the store.  There is no \sales B.S.\"""" nor attempts to try to land you on the most expensive model.  It's all about your particular needs and what fits into your budget."""""""
Right down the street from Four Peaks, this liquor store rests in an unassuming strip mall. Nothing notable or special about the outside. You would have no idea that there is such a wonderful beer selection inside.\n\nThe inside has about 1/3 of the store devoted to individual (mostly) bomber bottles of beer first organized by country and in the case of the US by state. A wide variety of several hundred varieties. The staff was helpful and knowledgable about their inventory and quizzed me about the beers I was buying at the register. OK I was a little annoyed about the quiz but at least they knew what they were talking about. The place has several beers in coolers along the walls as well.\n\nThe prices were reasonable and probably a little cheaper than other regional stores. I would recommend this little diamond in the rough for people in Tempe looking to bulk up their drinking resumes.
There was a soulful band playing the night me and my girlfriend visited this place.  They were surprisingly pretty good even though none of them were in the urban side.. if you get my drift.   I visited Scottsdale about 3 times now and I don't remember seeing any African Americans there.  Actually check that, one African American couple did come into this bar while this particular band was singing a Maxwell song, and when the band saw them walk in, oh boy did they feel the pressure.   The singer started hitting the high notes like someone was crushing his testicles.  I guess the Asian couple gets the rehearsal version, but the real stuff...   Easy there Mariah Carey, I think that couple came into get their drink on just like the rest of us. \n\nAnyway the drinks were pretty good, it was really dark inside like the others stated, with is a relief if you ask me from the Phoenix sun which seems to be about 4 inches away from your face.   4 stars for me.
I am not one of those phonnoisseurs, but I do know a decent plate of Lemongrass Tofu, and this was GOOD.  My eyes rolled toward the heavens every time I took a bite. It had spice. It had red peppers too.\n\nI also ordered the vegetarian spring rolls, which came with a yummy peanut sauce.\n\nThe place was clean and we were ushered to a booth- yay!\n\nThe service was fast, even though we did get the very last booth.\n\nThe decor was a bit over the top but eh whatev. At least it wasn't pretentious. I'd much rather think something is cute, even quaint, than have to look at that naked atrocity some dumbass calls art at *arly's.
The outside of this place does not look like much and kind off put me off, but once i got inside it was a very cute and hip place to my surprise.  \n\nI got a gyro and it was delicious with tomatoes, Tahiti sauce, lettuce and the shwarma chicken.  I compared this to other sandwich places and it is really worth your time to stop in.\n\nI like that they also have weekly special wraps, which I got today, and was really good.  I also liked that everything was half off so instead of a 8.75 dinner it was a 4.65 dinner,  along with alcohol prices.\n\nDefinitely  good for lunch and dinner, not so much for breakfast.\n\nThey have outside seating as well, but it was much more enjoyable inside\n\nRecommendation:  sandwich lovers should stop by that a wrap, and stay for the intimate atmosphere and satisfying meal.
"""After reading this Two Hippies shop reopened and has a new guy upfront that is easier to deal with I decided I would give them another chance.  Lord knows my wife has given me several.\n\nAll I can say is WOW.  What a turn around.  The young man upfront is extremely friendly and completely cool.  Just about the polar opposite of the old curly headed grumpy man that used to take the orders.  He asked if it was my first time and I said no its been a long time he said \Welcome back!  We are happy to have you.  Here are our specials...\""""  The former guy would literally take the next person in line if you didn't memorize you order before you approached the bench.  I went with the special and pulled out cash as I learned the hard way from grumpy hippie on my previous visit.  He thanked me then asked if I had smaller bills because he is running low on change.  He also said they take Visa, MC, and Discover!   I was amazed and pulled out my Discover.  He thanked me again then told me it would be right up.  About five minutes later he brought out my meal and warned me how messy it can get.  I ordered the BBQ French onion burger, fries, and a drink for 5 bucks even.  The burger was delicious.  Sauteed onions, juicy meat, roasted bell pepper, mushrooms, and an awesome sauce.  It was literally dripping all over the plate.  He even asked me how it was and brought me ketchup for the fries.  I told him it was excellent.\n\nAttention owner: Whatever you are paying this kid up front give him more.  He just saved my business and probably yours too.  My review went from 1 star to 5 mainly due to the service and accepting cards.\n\nI am very happy I gave them another try and they will be on my \""""forgot my lunch\"""" rotation."""""""
Gary and I went here last night. \n\nEverything was quite tasty.  We ordered Shepard's Pie, Ruben Sandwich with coleslaw and a side of chips.  OH, and some light colored fruity beer that was on tap.  I had a sip, it was beer.  Gary enjoyed it, he drank it all.  \n\nMy favorite thing was the coleslaw, it was fantastic!  Leafy, a nice celery taste and the dressing was good too.  I also enjoyed the chips! I like potato wedges better than fries and random pieces were tart, which I liked.  The asparagus that came with the Shepard's Pie were fantastic!  The last restaurant we had asparagus, they were tough and not really edible, but these were tasty!\n\nI liked the atmosphere of the restaurant too.  Didn't know they had a juke box until after we finished eating.  Next time I'll pick a few songs!
This is based on the day the Versace for H&M collection debuted. It was sheer chaos, but organized chaos. The staff was in good spirits, despite the chaotic environment. The styles offered to this store didn't include some of the pieces shown in the commercial. The normal H&M styles were very appealing, but all eyes were on the Versace for H&M pieces. \nThe other styles were affordable in price. \nI enjoy this store, every time I visit.\n\nTip- The $5 racks are most often not the best deals, as those clothes tend to fall apart.
"""So much to choose from.\n\nI've been searching for good breakfast pasties this week and I stumbled across this place.  Walking in the door, I saw a bunch of breads (maybe that's why they call it \Bread Basket\"""").  Not seeing pastries I was ready to leave until the man behind the counter asked what I was looking for.  He directed me to a handful of chocolate muffins, cinnamon rolls and scones.  He also showed me some huge bread things filled with cheese and spinach, which looked really good.  He then rolled out a cart filled with savory pastries like pig in a blanket, roll with spicy cheese and a turkey and provolone roll, all of which had just come out of the oven.  I ended up taking one each of he savory rolls.  These huge rolls cost me less than $8.  That's a bargain!\n\nTaking my haul to the office, I cut the rolls into segments and shared with everyone.  Everyone loved the cheese roll and the turkey/provolone.  Whatever that spicy jalapeno cheese spread thingy was that the guy included with my order was unbelievable!\n\nThe Bread Basket has such a great selection at incredible prices.  I only wish I lived closer."""""""
I was suprised this place is way better then philumberto and all the other .....umberto's places! I got a carnaesata burger witch was amazing! And I got a chicken burrito! The place was clean it's not a high end resturant and some people may think it's dirty because people have wrote on the walls, when I was there it was very clean nothing on the floors or tables. The food is inexpensive and good! I think I found my quite little mexican spot when I come to visit here!
With football season just around the corner, I am so happy to have Blue 32 open in my neighborhood! (Now I have no reason to ever step in Zipp's again, I definitely won't miss the smell of dirty rags and the crappy food!) \n\nI decided to check it out on Saturday for lunch, I thought that I should try to preview it before it becomes packed during football season. Blue 32 is an upscale sports bar, the inside is crisp and clean and there are TONS of flat-screen TVs all over the place! The menu is huge....so many options and many of them unique that you don't see on a regular sports bar menu. \n\nWe started with a basket of onion rings, and wow, yummy! They batter was light, but they had added a touch of heat to the batter, that made them perfect for dunking in cool, creamy ranch dressing! \n\nI ordered the Shrimp & Bacon Quesadilla off of the appetizer section, which I though was a nice change from the standard chicken quesadilla (which they do have for traditionalists). The quesadilla was huge, filled with shrimp, bacon and cheese and served with guacamole and sour cream, it was amazing and big enough that I got to bring home leftovers! \n\nMy friends tried the BBQ Chicken Flatbread and the classic BLT. They both really liked their dishes, and like the quesadilla, both portions were big and required take home boxes! \n\nThis is my new go to place, I can't wait to try out more of the menu and watch 4 football games at once!
I've attended 2 games here this season, one game far out along the 3rd baseline and  the other fairly close to home plate.  When I was near the outfield, the acoustics were terrible.  I could barely make out anything announced over the loudspeaker.  A minor annoyance, but an annoyance nonetheless.  A major plus for this place is the free parking!  Also when we got our seats along the 1st baseline close to home we were shaded the entire game (another plus).  \n\nUnless you are a far west sider this place is a ways out there.  And being in Surprise you are going to see more than your fair share of older folks.  I don't see myself going out of my way to attend a game out this way again unless out of town visitor insists, there are just too many superior options closer to home.
Went for brunch/lunch on a Sunday - wow, it was packed and with good reason!  The store and food was fabulous!  I had the Jersey Girl Omelette along with the green tea - pastrami, potatoes, fruit, toast...done to perfection and very tasty.  We even found a seat - next to impossible there.  I will definitely be back to try their pizza and other dishes that they had available.  4 stars as opposed to 5 because of the parking and long lines - but it was definitely worth it.  Will be back!
I've been meaning to check out Tilted Kilt and the opportunity presented itself last week.\n\nIt was kind of funny. Besides the waitresses, I was the only female in the whole place.\n\nOur server was busy but looked good so you can't really complain. Our food came out how we ordered and pretty quickly.\n\nWe got the Irish nachos, which were on happy hour ($5) and the Kilt Club and split everything. I really enjoyed the Club. It had a pesto mayo on it that was really yummy and really good bread. The nachos were good but I enjoyed the sandwich more.\n\nI also loved the atmosphere. As a sports junkie, it was basically my kind of joint. They had drop down screens that played baseball so I was a happy camper.\n\nDefinitely a fun place to check out the eye candy and watch a ball game. I'll be back.
I really want to give this place a 5-star rating, but quite honestly, the service is pretty bad. I went last night for the second time, and the guy came out right away with water for me and my husband and our dogs, who we had with us. (Yes, it's dog friendly!) But then we ordered drinks (really good sangria and mojitos, and I don't say that about very many places.) And we had to wait forever for the drinks. \nThen my sisters met us, and she had to ask three times for an ashtray. The food took forever, and the guys didn't come check on us nearly enough to the point that we were ordering two drinks a piece at a time.\nThe servers are really nice, just not very on top of things. The food is awesome. My husband is a VERY picky eater, and he LOVES their reuben. They have lots of veggie options. The Farrago Lavosh is great, as is the Tuna Melt -- I highly recommend the tuna melt. \nOverall, this place is outstanding, chill, fun and great for a casual group night -- just be prepared to wait.
"""i have lived half a mile from Tammie Coe for about 2 years now and i have never been there. my friends birthday weekend is here, so we have been out and about checking out some new spots and testing others. i won't say i have never had Tammie Coe cakes before, because I've tasted about 4-5 cakes. \n\non occasion Lauren, from my favorite salon, the Root, [see my other reviews] will buy Tammie Coe cakes for the waiting area. I'm not a huge fan of the fondant topping. the flavor is good, but it's excessive and sweeeeeeeeeeeeeet. ahem. as i was saying. i have never been to the shop on Roosevelt. so we decide to head over there after checking out Mel's Diner. i got an Americano, and we picked up the cup cake trio, a peanut butter cookie, oatmeal cookie and the lime cookies.\n\ni will try to break this one down by item.\n\nlime cookies, the flavor makes your mouth water as if you were sucking on limes. it's that powerful. they are actually just plain awesomeness. our only complaint..they should be the size of the \other\"""" cookies.\n\npeanut butter cookie, very peanut-buttery and very thick. the consistency of the cookie is excellent. for such a huge cookie i was kinda expecting a hockey puck consistency. but it was buttery and crumbled into nice little bites.\n\noatmeal cookie, this cookie is very good. i like chocolate chip cookies. and i like oatmeal raisin cookies. this is like a blend of the two..minus the raisins. sweet and decadent. \n\nthe cupcake trio is the toffee one, I'm not sure why it's pink. the coconut one, and a chocolate one.\n\nChocolate one was my second favorite of the 3. creamy chocolate frosting caked ontop of a yummy banana-bread cupcake. this...is...awesome.\n\npink one..toffee something i guess. least favorite. the pink things are good, the cake is good too. but it's just not my taste.\n\ncoconut one. yup. that's the one. my favorite. i love coconut, plus the damned thing is frosted with cream cheese like frosting. which...my favorite cake is carrot cake..so this is right up that same fat inducing alley. thanks Tammie Coe for heroine of cup cakes.\n\nTammie Coe also serves Illy Coffee. so you know its good. my Americano was the figuratively speaking icing on the cake."""""""
"""It was a Friday night, my wife had been on Yelp looking for a good place to grab dinner before we went downtown to the ballet (the in-laws bought us tickets, I had to go!), we decided to check out Centurion in the upcoming \historic\"""" district on roosevelt.\n\nIt's a quaint diner on the street surrounded by old brick buildings with a small patio. We posted up in the corner on a couple of couches, the server was prompt in greeting us and getting our drink order, I ordered an IPA and my wife had a red Italian wine after a recommendation by the server. My wife was happy with the recommendation, it was a good wine for her taste. \n\nNext we ordered our entree's, I had the Lamb Shank's and waffles with Chorizo Risotto and my wife had their Bleu Cheese Crusted Fillet with White Truffle Risotto. The Lamb was cooked perfectly and was very flavorful, the kicker for me was the chorizo risotto, it was light's-out! A truly balanced plate of food. My wife's plate was also good, but her Fillet was ordered medium-rare and it came out medium-well, which is unfortunate. She still enjoyed the cut, she was impressed with the bleu-cheese crust, and she is NOT a bleu cheese person AT ALL. The White-Truffle Risotto was good, cooked perfectly but not as thrilling as my Chorizo Risotto.\n\nThe only other disappointment we had beside the overcooked fillet was when we went back later that night for desert my wife had realized that the owner had come out and greeted almost every other table that night aside from ours. After spending over $120 between dinner and dessert we felt deserving of the same treament, I'm sure it wasn't intentional and won't stop us from coming back, but it was the difference between 4 and 5 stars for this review. Next time I'm confident Centurion will redeem itself, we recommend it for a nice, upscale night out on the town."""""""
"""OMG my first review!\n\nI've been trying to cut meat out of my diet lately, and I keep driving by this place on the way to and from work.  When I finally made it there, I was slightly surprised by what I found.\n\nThe ambiance is somewhat odd, and not in the \odd but quirky and cool\"""" sense you get from other vegan restaurants.  It's got kind of a strip mall chic feel to it, and the fifties music playing in the background made me feel like I got dropped in some bizarro \""""Back to the Future\"""" scene, but the food was great and the couple that owns the place was really friendly!\n\nI went on a Tuesday evening and I was the only one there--the place was dead.  It gave me pause at first, but the appetizer I ordered (Fried Imperial Rolls) was excellent, although the portions were small.  The vegetarian dipping sauce (whatever that is) was especially good.  For my meal I ordered Golden Soy Chicken--and although it looked like the same rubbery soy chicken substitute you might buy at the grocery store, it actually tasted like chicken!  The scrumptious citrusy ginger flavor of the sauce really made the dish, though.  The veggies seemed a bit more for garnish than for actual consumption, but they were ok, too.\n\nThe only reason I give 4 stars instead of 5?  You pay too much for the size portions you get.  I had an appetizer and an entree and I still left not quite full.  I'm thinking I'll have to try this place for lunch sometime, since I work only right down the road."""""""
"""Pizza and Speidini were very very good!  Crust was superb atmosphere was tremendous!  Would I wait three hours??????   No way...\n\nGo for lunch and get there by 10:45 on a tuesday or wednesday and limit your party size to 4 or less and ou'll be fine.  Staff is friendly, vibe is comfortable.\n\nPizzas are good size one feeds two, but make sure to baseline with a white and a red on your initial visit.\n\nThink Mozza in Hollywood has as good or better pizza and they accept reservations soits an easier \notch'.  But Bianco is way friendlier!"""""""
can we have a moment of silence for the carnitas street tacos?\n\nlet's pay our respect for the carne asada. \n\nwhat is the secret ingredient in those beans?? i can't pin point it but those beans are something else. \n\nwe wanted to try it all, so naturally, it was the 3 item combo platter: 1 taco, 1 tamale, 1 enchilada. \n\nthe friendliest girl told us they were known for street tacos and we should have listened. everything on the plate was great but it was all about that taco. \n\ni thought i knew delicious but it reached a whole 'notha level after eating here. \n\nmy recommendation: street taco combo plate w carne asada and DEFINITELY carnitas. then drizzle on some of that green salsa they have. welcome to bliss.\n\nthey are a tad inconsistent but it's still really good, some days are just off the charts goods.
I have patronized this business twice now and it's such a quaint, cute diner. The food is okay, comparable to Denny's. I got the same waitress both times, Brandi, who is just the nicest woman ever! Their food is very affordable. They offer a breakfast buffet on Sat and Sundays for $6.99, all you can eat. I know it looks like a slum from the outside, but go in and give it a try! And ask for Brandi because she's a sweetheart.
Interesting contrast found here:  excellent abundant authentic (well to my American palate) Sonoran-style Mexican food but in the setting of a semi trashy beer hall!  Had a hard overworked server who kept things going in the dim, neon beer-sign lit darkness.  Looking at the website the chain (3 total) has pretty high accolades (Best of Phoenix 2009 by the New York Times), just interesting that the decor doesn't match, although perhaps I am being snooty and should just relax and have a good ole time, which is what the place seems to be trying to say.  Great food for great prices, can't beat that in the end.
Big Lots is Big Lots is Big Lots. They have discounted Garnier Fructis and Herbal Essences shampoo and conditioner, Dove and Old Spice deodorant, Revlon nailpolish, Pepto Bismol, and Listerine Whitening mouthwash. I don't care how pretty my cans of soups or tomato sauce are, so I stock up here. Sometimes I come on the right day and snag some hot dog or hamburger buns for super cheap too. \n\nThis location is clean and the employees will sometimes even smile at me. Praise the discount gods!
World Market has been a huge blessing while shopping for Christmas. I forgot how much I loved this store. When shopping for a gift, you are a bound to find something for everyone at World Market. This store has so many cute and unique items that you can't find anywhere else (except for maybe online). Its the perfect place for the world traveler, home cook, wine enthusiast, and for many other hobbies. There are many other novelties that are available such as bath and body items, candles, specialty foods from around the world, candy, reading material, etc. A few of my favorite recent purchases:  Beer from around the world case (has 10 different beers each from other countries), a packing list tablet (checklist of items to pack when going on vacation), Moist towelette wipes that have pets dressed as certain celebrity's on the front (the Snoop Dog one is the best), Liquor filled chocolates, and mini hot sauces (you never know when you will need some hot sauce!). After shopping at World Market, I have so many ideas now for the holidays and for future gifts. Another great thing about shopping here is that the pricing is decent too. Nothing is overly expensive and all is within reason. Additionally, the cashiers are always super polite and friendly and the store is well organized and clean. Since Christmas is fast approaching, add World Market to your lists of places to shop if you are still questioning gifts for certain people.
"""I've only ever been to Casey Moore's for appetizers and drinks, so my review is based on that. \n\nCasey Moore's is situated in an old historic house in downtown Tempe on the ASU campus. They have a great outside patio area.\n\nCasey's has a pretty good beer selection, both drafts and bottles. They have the beers that are typical of an Irish Pub. It's not the largest selection that you will find, but it's very solid. They have rotating beer of a day special, with a different brew featured every day of the week. \n\nThey have a very good and diverse appetizer list where you'll find anything from escargot to mozzarella sticks. My favorites have to be \Chipotle Hummus\"""", \""""Crab Cakes\"""", and the \""""Fried Clam Strips\"""". \n\nLooking forward to going back to try their dinner menu.\n\nGood beer selection, awesome appetizers, and great atmosphere, give Casey Moore's an above average rating of four stars."""""""
First off, it's in an odd looking pueblo styled strip mall... but don't let that stop you from checking it out.  \n\nThey have a great revolving selection of about 30 Microbrews on tap and make some pretty good pizza (Thai Chicken and Buffalo Chicken pizza is where it's at.)  The place is low key but doesn't really qualify as a dive bar.  Play some darts and shuffle board or watch the game.  Great spot to chill and BS with some friends.
"""You knew this review was coming.  I made a switch to a plant based diet and I can't cook EVERY night.  Thank goodness for places like Green.\n\nGreen is like a Vegan restaurant for beginners.  It has a lot of mock meats made of things like Seitan so that newbies like me can have the mouth feel of meat without actually cheating.\n\nI'm only eating a Vegan diet for health reasons, so I shouldn't eat fried foods or oils too often.  That said, Green has fantastic buffalo wings and fries!  \n\nOn my first visit to Green, I definitely over-ordered.  For two people, we ordered the chili fries (chili on the side), the buffalo wings, the drunken mushroom chicken bowl and the apricot miso bowl.\n\nThis was twice as much food as two normal eaters need.  \n\nThe drunken mushroom chicken bowl was FANTASTIC.  The mock chicken was delicious.  The mushrooms were so savory, it tasted like they were drenched in butter.  This bowl was the clear winner of the meal.\n\nThe chili fries were just okay for us.  I am not a huge fan of TVP when it is the only texture in a dish.  I love it in chili with beans, but otherwise, it is just not chewy enough for me.  The fries were good, but we didn't \get\"""" any thyme flavor.\n\nThe buffalo wings were so yummy!  The first bite definitely didn't taste like chicken, but once you got the wing sauce in your mouth, you could imagine this was the real thing.  I happen to love buffalo wings, so for me to like these is a big win.  Go Green!\n\nThe apricot miso bowl with fried tofu was bland to me and offensive to my dining partner.  I just had a bite and felt it was quite under-seasoned.  He found the smell and the taste Godawful and he could not eat it after bite one.  Not being one to send it back, he just ate the rest of the stuff and left the bowl.  I packed up the leftovers, but it just wasn't appealing on Day 2.  \n\nThe decor of the restaurant is best described as Berkeley hippie in a strip mall.  If I hadn't read the glowing reviews on Yelp, I would have walked out the door.  It just wasn't my vibe.  Still, they served up some phenomenal food.  It might be a good idea to do takeout.  \n\nOne thing I did not care for was that it is a counter service place that requires you to add the tip in advance.  I always tip, but I am uncomfortable with this scenario.  I feel the tip should reflect the service.\n\nOn this particular visit, we didn't receive our chili fries until the meal was almost completed.  We were told five minutes prior to finishing the rest of our meal that the kitchen was working on a large catering order and wasn't good at multitasking.  That is not really an acceptable excuse!  Luckily, we had ordered SO MUCH FOOD it was not an issue.  \n\nStill, I will be back!"""""""
Tired of your typical sushi joints? Want some authentic Japanese home cooking. This place is it! I always wondered what this place is. Figured it's another one of those rice bowl fast food joints from outside appears. We always joked around that it's a yakusa front since the lot is mostly always empty. After reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I definitely think I will go back and try more stuff.\n\nThe inside is simple, and clean. Was greeted by the owner. This is a husband/wife joint owned by this old couple. As soon as I saw ramen I had to try it. It's almost impossible to find a ramen place in Phoenix every since the awesome ramen shop owned by this pair of Japanese brothers in Chandler (or was that Tempe) closed down ten years ago. I ordered the tonkatsu based ramen. The soup was yummy and flavorful. Very umami. So good! The only thing I'd like is a bit more meat. What can you say, I'm a carnivore. All in all very good. There is a wide selection of udon and various other items. I'm looking forward to go back and trying other things. \n\nAnd as for the viewers that dissed on the old man. He was not as awful as the reviewer described. Maybe I was anticipating some grumpy old man. But he was rather pleasant. And his wife was like the nicest person ever! They both came out and greeted us when food was served.\n\nI'm not ready yet to present the 5 stars until I try more items. :)
Based on the reviews of other yelpers, I decided to check this place out. \n\nBakeries seem to be a trendy thing these days, popping up all over the place. Most of it is from the whole cupcake craze, and yes, I am part of the problem. \n\nThat said, you can probably guess why I went to Sweet Pea in the first place (hint, it wasn't the salad) and I was not disappointed! Some woman had just about bought the place out before I got there, so I had two choices: lemon lime or brownie. \n\nWhat's a girl to do when faced with such a hard decision? Buy them both, of course, and they were both delicious. \n\nIf you're a cupcake fiend, or just have a sweet tooth, check out Sweet Pea. Your waistline may not thank you for it, but your tastebuds certainly will.
When they say HAND car wash , they mean just that. I had no idea, that there are NO huge brushes swirling around and no gigantic blow dryer. Just hands. Lots of hands. Can you imagine hand washing cars all day long? Whew! I'm always ready with a big tip for the Los Olivos employees. Other pluses:\nGreat magazine selection while your waiting\nShoe shine person. I've never used these services. My flip flops could use a shine however. \nFrozen treats and cold beverages.\nSweaty, wet shirted, chiseled Latino men bending over my hood.\nSometimes I get my car dirty on purpose. Dirty car. Bad, bad, dirty car!
this is a must try if you are in town for a short visit like us. lovely setting at a cute old house. cozy and hip. the watermelon appetizer is very refreshing and summery. a little mint, yummy goat cheese with a hint of grapefruit. grapefruit & hamachi is a beautiful dish. only wish the grapefruit was a bit smaller since it is a little overpowering given hamachi is such a mild fish. loved the soft shell crab salad. fresh, great favor salad dressing, a perfect mix of texture in the salad. if you feel adventurous, the pork belly in banana leaf is a must try! i grew up on this stuff and this is the best one I've ever had in the US. perfectly crispy crust, melt in your mouth tender and juicy... the rice absorbs the intense flavor from the pork... oh heavenly!
Love it!  A local bar/restaurant with lots of character. You know the kind - lots of interesting knick knacks on the walls, shelves, ceiling. Distinctive local western decor. Not fancy by any stretch of the imagination meaning you will not have to spend a lot of money for food.  Speaking of food, the green chili is  about as good as it gets. I would return again and again just for the green chili.  Menu has variety ranging from Mexican food (fabulous!) to American (Burgers, steak, seafood - Cod).  Complimentary chips and salsa - excellent . You'll find tourists and locals eating side-by-side (95% local, 5% tourists :-). A large bar area with a few TV's and a dozen or so bar stools and 5-6 dinner tables and a back room just for dining with a mix of tables and booths. Fine for families.
Islands is a great place to go if you are in the mood for a burger and don't want to spend a lot of money. The service at this location is very good and the food is delicious! The food also comes out very quick and I really like how the servers at this place are on top of things. The little things like bringing extra drinks when they see you're getting low, and making sure that everything is satisfactory for you really shows that they care for the customer. I really enjoy getting the Kilauea which is a jalapeno and black pepper encrusted burger with pepper jack cheese and chipotle aioli, it is so tasty! If you're not in the mood for a burger, they also have salads, sandwiches, tacos, etc.. I also really enjoy the fries at this place, and they also have some really good desserts that are fairly large in portion. I remember after I ate my burger and fries I decided to ordered the Chocolate Lava for dessert which is a chocolate brownie topped with vanilla ice cream, whipped cream, cherries, almonds and chocolate syrup, a fairly simple but delicious dessert. I thought the dessert would be around the size of my fist like some other restaurants do, but it was much larger which I think is awesome.
I will begin by saying that I've been wanting to try this place for months now, simply because they have a salad that bears my name. Which reminds me of my high school days, when the internet was new and I spent an afternoon with a friend visiting websites that also had our name. Most ended up being adult sites, but tonia.com* was an Asian company that had my name written in a fantastic logo. I wonder what it means. \n\nAnywho, not only does the salad live up to its given name, but Moto is now on my backup sushi rotation. Reasonably priced and of good quality, I was extremely full by the time I ate only half of my dinner. The Tonia salad I actually had for lunch a day later, and was very filling and delicious. I can only imagine what it would've been like eating it the same night. Had it not been as great, I would've never came back and written to the owners, demanding the salad change to a lesser awesome name, maybe one more common or boring.\n\nMy to go order was ready exactly when they said it would and I was in and out the door in minutes. I'll be back.\n\n*I have no idea if this is still the same site anymore. I am not responsible for where the link leads.. now.. or in the future
I attended a special event here and the pineapple is SO delicious...by far my favorite even though the meat was flavorful and tender too.  The food is brought out and cut for you at your table.  They also had amazing dancers performing and singing and they eventually coaxed me to get up on the dance floor to join in for a bit.  The servers were all extremely friendly and accomodating.  If they didn't directly know the answer to our questions they quickly found out.  I thoroughly enjoyed myself here and recommend it as a fun, unique dining experience.
"""2nd visit - returned upon request of the gracious owner Terry.  Had a carne asada taco and bean burrito.  \n\nI have to say my vision of carne asada previously was narrow.  Down home carne asada from the streets was all I knew.  America's Taco Shop has broadened my carne asada horizons for the following reasons:\n\n_Carne asada can have quality, proper cut, and flavor.  It can taste leaner, less greasy.\n_Refried beans can be free of lardo and theirs are some of the best I've ever had.\n_If you use a good tortilla to wrap their tacos and burritos, it's a sign you care.\n_While the expected accompaniments may not be present, who doesn't love caramelized onions and lettuce on a taco.\n\nSO, lets take America's for what it is..a slightly upscale carne asada experience.  \n\nYes, you will pay up more dough for less during this experience, but its one that needs to be had.  I will be back to America's because there will come a time when I want a more quality, lean, cleaner meal, which we all know you can't get on the \streets\"""".\n_"""""""
This is a great place to bring out non-Arizona guests. If you have any kids in your group they can feed the ducks and turtles. Usually there is a wait, but the huge patio makes for a nice place to relax and have an adult beverage, especially when it's hot outside.\n\nFood consists of your typical Mexican entrees all with rice and beans. It's a couple of bucks higher than your a chain Mexican restaurant, but worth it for the location and atmosphere.\n\nRecently, I was there on at Saturday night and was told the wait was 1.5 hrs, but before we finished our first margarita (45min)we were seated at a nice window table.
It's Mc Donalds!! I can lay in bed, check in and write a review. Literally, it is that close!! Ha Ha! Much like the reviews people leave for Denny's and other lower end eating facilities that make them sound like they are supposed to be 4 star, this isnt going to happen with me. Its fries, shakes and imitation burgers - I lived in Napa, I know the difference now! \n\nSo yes, its newer. Its almost always busy, the next closest drive thru Mc Donalds is up the road - oh, and they are building a new one at Reems and Greenway.
Beautiful ground, friendly staff, and great golf course...\n\nIt seems that everyone, including the landscapers, are friendly and helpful.  I sponsored an event here and really impressed my clients - even it costed me an arm and both legs (I needed my other arm to sign the checks and bills).   The event team and management are experienced and responsive to any and all requests - really made my life a lot easier.\n\nI got a room in the H building and it was a hike to the meeting room / main lobby.  I figured that it was a good exercise but smelled sweaty by the time I got to my destination...  \n\nGood experience and highly recommended.
This was a great place! We went in on a Tuesday and it is $2 Tuesday! Got giant slices of pizza and beer. Each was $2. It was great! The pizza slice is HUGE and very delicious. The crowd is mostly men and there are hot waitresses in skimpy outfits but hey it's a Sports Bar & Grill so what do you expect? They have about 20 tv's so great viewing experience as well for the NBA Finals. If we find ourselves in this part of town, we will definitely go back!
I've been here a few times looking for speciality paper, art supplies and tools. They have a pretty good selection of products in different sizes and varieties, much more so than your typical office supply store.The price is competitive. \n\nIf I need anything particular, I just ask the clerk and he\\she is pretty good at directing me to the exact item. I would add this place on my short list of art stores because I find so few of them.\n\nIf you are an ASU student, they give a small discount. It's not bad.
"""Fun, fun, fun.\n\nI am so not a hipster or Scottsdale club hopper. In fact I am most comfortable hitting up dive bars and hole in the wall ethnic places. So it took me along time to try out Geisha even though I have heard about it relentlessly from my \cool\"""" friends.\n\nWe had a double date during happy hour, which is perfect for good prices, availability, and people watching.\n\nThe atmosphere is pretty cool. It borders on cheesy but it is still pretty fun. I love the pics of the rock starts on the wall. That makes any place cool. \n\nThe music they were blasting was a great mix of rock, new and old. \n\nPeople watching was incredible. Highly entertaining, especially if you are married and in your 30's like me and you want to watch the mating game unfold in front of your eyes.\n\nThe sushi was so-so. Can't complain with the half off prices though.\n\nThe drinks were really good but I couldn't repeat the names of them to my server without blushing...\n\nVeggie lettuce wraps were good, nothing outstanding. My favorite dish were the vegetable gyozas. They were delicious! Next time I'm skipping the sushi and ordering 2 orders of them. The filling was delicious and they were grilled perfectly. The spicy mustard aioli it came with was perfect. \n\nService was good. Our server was a typical Scottsdale babe, except she was nice and NOT a pretentious wench like some of them can be. \n\nManagement checked on us a couple times to see how we are doing, which is always nice.\n\nWe had a blast and will definitely be back..."""""""
"""I thought long and hard about taking away a star after the Panera Bread/Paradise Bakery merger - especially since they have discontinued my beloved quiche; but the people are so darn friendly there and the broccoli cheese soup in a bread bowl covered in extra shredded cheddar is so amazingly delicious I just can't. For the record, I'd like to re-iterate my \BOO\"""" for the decision to strike quiche off the menu but it's still a decent place to grab lunch or a snack. BOO! (one last time...)"""""""
I love this location.  It's huge and I find everything I need.  \n\nTheir Target Red Card will save you 5% on your purchase.  This is not a credit card, it is set up to withdraw the money from your checking account just like your debit card.  The use the info you buy to study what people like and are buying for their surveys to better their company.  I am fine with this and am always willing to help with studies to better our economy.  Plus I love to save money! \n\nThey have great clearance sales of 70% off and their clearance sections are easy to sort through they are not a mess.  \n\nI really am a huge fan of the Archer Farms products.  It's a great quality and value.  There was a garlic pasta salad they made and I am really sad they have discontinued it. Maybe I can find it online... I should check! \n\nAlways at least 5 registers open at all times so the lines are short.  If they get long they promptly bring up more cashiers.  \n\nGreat place to go for kid products for their bathrooms and bedrooms. They have all those cute trendy frilly things kids love.  Fluffy bright pillows and extra cool bath decor.\n\nFor the most part I have never encountered any bad employee's they all seem to be pretty happy and helpful. \n\nI wish they had more craft stuff though.  That is a real down fall for me because I love to do crafts.
It would be very hard for me to give any Bikram Studio a bad review, because no matter what, if it is a place you can go and practice, it's good. But I will say this one is a bit different then what I am use to. It's pretty big and well lite, and there is a stage in the front where the instructor stands and they use a microphone to guide the practice. Which again, is all fine, just different, and every class I have attended was still wonderful, and I left sweaty and peaceful....the only drawback is, you never get a foot massage during the back strengthening series, which is understandable in a class of 50+ people.
"""On our latest visit here, we ordered the meatball sub, and the eggplant parm sub--specifically because the owner sent me a very polite e-mail.  He was right.\nThe eggplant this time was not greasy.  It was delicious and perfectly cooked.  The flavors were very delicate and it was very lightly spiced.  Delicious!\nThe meatballs this time were hugely better as well!  Firmer, more flavorful and much less salty.  Yummy!\n\nAs usual, the breads are delicious and the crab pasta salad with dill (the owner said it was his own recipe) was \smack yo momma\"""" good!\n\nI'm still having a problem with the desserts.  This time I ordered a Napoleon to go.  Now, let me say that Napoleons are my favorite dessert.  When I see them anywhere, I order one. PERIOD. This one was disappointing.  It had a chewy, gluey, texture.  The filling was just OK, and I wasn't a big fan of the flavor of the icing.  Just an overall disappointment.\n\nOverall, definitely better than three stars.  The owner was absolutely correct, and I want to thank him for contacting me, otherwise I would never have had that fantastic eggplant parm!"""""""
Ordered the Navaho Triple Beef Taco To Go for my Dinner a few hours later.  This 3 meat Frybread is a good choice if you would to sample each of the beef options in one meal.    Although my request that the Cold Vegetable items be placed on the side for reheating purposes went ignored, I will try again.  Hopefully, they will get it right as it is a pain picking the lettuce, onions and tomatoes off to reheat when I am ready to eat and it makes a mess of the taco .
I'm a huge fan of New York Style Chinese food.  I am pretty picky when it comes to Chinese food, and I feel qualified to judge based on the myriads of restaurants I've dined at both in the US and in China proper!  Anyway, Golden City has got it going on!  The menu is big, and the variety of choices includes chow fun noodles (my favorite,) tofu (aka bean curd) dishes galore, delicious shrimp toast and tons of yummy seafood choices.  I tried the vegetable chow fun and couldn't get enough of it!  Yum!  The only reason the place isn't getting five stars is because the service was a bit short.  Our order took ten minutes longer than expected, since they had run out of chow fun noodles.  (They sent a driver to get some from a store and cook them fresh!!!)  We waited and then they forgot to give us our eggrolls.  No biggie, but hey it wasn't perfect.  I am very excited about this place and look forward to eating here again!
"""I'm a fan of this place so far. We tried this place out because of the Living Social deal that was going on. \n\nI went once just to check out the inventory and then about a week later I went in with my husband to purchase the plants. Unfortunately, we went a little late in the season. When I went a week before, there were so many more options! I also appreciated that I did not feel pressured to get anything as I left empty-handed the first time. \n\nThat's ok though. I really appreciated the honesty of the employees there. I asked about all different plants that were suitable for growing now. They would tell me which ones were good and which ones were there because they had leftovers (but were not so good for growing now.) I also asked if they used any sprays here. Again, they were honest and said, \as you can see, the plants have wholes in them, so we're not spraying the catepillars that around\"""" - they just pick them off. I like that they are not using chemicals to spray the plants. They did tell me that they are not sure whether or not the supplier is spraying them, although the ones that are labeled organic are for sure not. \n\nSince I'm a new gardener (or wanna be gardener), I really felt they were patient in answering all my questions. David and Jack were especially helpful."""""""
After reading Laura R's review I decided that I have to stop by this restaurant that I pass to work everyday, also thanks to Jason as well. \n  It was great to see some rare items on the menu. The service was great and the food was prepared to perfection.  \n I do see similar patterns, my friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant. at 6:30 on a Monday how sad.  A place like this needs to get more exposure, hopefully it can keep a live during slow times. \n\nThe atmosphere is is cozy and the service staff was helpful and bilingual.   I must return for the dessert because I passed it up the first time.
"""We went to Scottsdale area for spring break last week, so I looked up restaurants on my \Flavortown\"""" app, that show where Guy has reviewed (Diners, Drive Ins, and Dives).  Found this and told hubby we had to try it out one night.\n\nWe got there at about 5:45 or so on a Monday or Tuesday night - figuring no wait. We were wrong. It was already full (small, only maybe 10-12 tables inside), so put name on the list.  We waited maybe 20 minutes or so.  Worth the wait.\n\nI got the pasta bolognese that they showed on the show. Delicious sauce with fresh, tender pasta.  Hubby and son got the chicken parm, their usual.  I was hoping hubby would try to osso buco so I could try that too, but oh well.  Daughter had fettucini alfredo. They liked their meals too.  They DO serve wine here now - so that must have changed since some of the past reviewers said it was BYOB.  We also had their fresh, homeade pink lemonade. LOVED it. Wow - fresh with some type of herb in it that was so good.\n\nGlad we made the trip here after the afternoon spring training baseball game. A bit pricy I guess - for 4 of us, with just one glass of wine, I think we made it out for just under $90.  Friendly staff and it's a well-oiled machine. They'll take good care of you."""""""
"""Made my way up to Phoenix and Tempe last night for the rare visit and stopped by Four Peaks for the first time.  I'd had their 8th St. Ale and Kilt Lifter prior to the visit, but was looking forward to sampling a few of their other beers.  All were excellent.  The oatmeal stout was delicious, even to this self-proclaimed \hophead\"""".  It appears that they have a couple different IPAs on tap regularly--the Raj, which is an English style and the Hop Knot which is the more traditional, florally over-hopped American version.  That was the way to go in my opinion!  They also had a seasonal called Double Knot--a double IPA.  Absolutely delicious and potent at 9.1% abv without killing the hoppiness with an overly alcoholic taste--a difficult thing to pull off with a double IPA in my opinion.  Also had dinner on the front patio while there.  I had fish and chips.  Fairly standard for pub fare as far as I was concerned although I did really like the chips, which were really just very nicely seasoned thick fries.  The new Nimbus in Tucson has set the standard to me for the fish portion, and this did not top that.  Still tasty though and a fair portion.  A friend of mine got the salmon BLT, which looked quite tasty.\nOn a Thursday night, the place was packed.  But there was still a fair amount of room to get to the bar for a drink while waiting for a table, which really only took about 10 minutes (we were told the wait would be 15-20).  We sat outside on a nice patio that runs the length of the front of the bar.  Heaters are abundant for those chilly AZ february nights.:)  \nIf there was a parking lot, I missed it.  There's on-street parking however, but you might have to walk a few blocks once you find a vacant spot.\nWait staff was young, friendly, and energetic, but not overbearing.  They gave us our space while we had our meals.\nThe interior is huge, nicely decorated, and clearly a brewery when you make your way towards the back.  Plenty of seating, plenty of room to stand as well.\nFor those who want to take home some \""""souvenirs\"""", they do sell beer by the growler (as well as provide refills after the initial bottle purchase).  It looks like they also run the gambit on \""""Four Peaks\"""" clothing as well.\nOverall, a great place to visit, but if you're from out of town, watch carefully--the turn onto 8th St. is easy to miss."""""""
Gold Bar is not hip, it is not polished, it is not new and it is not standard Phoenix/Tempe.  Gold Bar is easy to like and easy to sit in for a couple of hours grading papers.\n\nI come from cozy towns in Michigan, where when the snow falls heavy the streets grow quiet and everyone you meet has tinge of red to their cheeks and the need for a warm drink.  There's a kind of empathy that comes with this quaintness that is hard to find in Phoenix.  It was there in the old 3 Roots but you had to trade it for slow service. It's not there at Cartel, but that's not what Cartel is about.\n\nGold Bar is charming.  You're transported, as much as can be hoped for in our strip mall culture, to a cozy living room in another town when you spend a couple of hours here.  The family that runs it knows many of the customers names, they sell hearty foods and heavy drinks.\n\nJust from overhearing the son of the owners talk I can tell you: They have stamp cards. Monday is Pastry stamp Monday. Friday is Extra Shot Friday. Friday and Sunday nights are live Jazz. Sunday morning has classical guitar.  Saturday night is game night, where they have drawings every 20 minutes to give you free drinks, eats and prizes.\n\nSo, it is quiet and you can hear everybody else, the drinks are a bit expensive and the food is only okay.  All of those things add up to make this place a little slice of home for someone who is not the biggest fan of living in the city that ate the desert.
There sure was a lot of hype about this place over the past few weeks.  I finally gave in and drove out to see it for myself.  I was a little under-impressed with the inside but no bother.  I ordered one of my favorite BBQ dishes of all time - the loaded baked potato.  This one had pork which is really the only appropriate topping. \n\nAs far as the bbq goes, it was wicked good.  Some of the best bbq pork I've had from a local joint in AZ.  The potato, on the other had, was over heated to a fault.  Way too hard.  It wasn't so bad that it ruined the meal but it sure was a shame to screw up such good bbq with such a rock hard potato.\n\nI might go back.  There are so many more bbq places to try.  There wasn't anything on the menu that made me want to come back.  It was really good though and, if I was over there (or their other location) it's probably the best bbq in that part of town.
I finally stopped by Pitic as I was traveling along I-17.  I sometimes find myself watching ch. 38 and singing along with old-time favorite videos from my youth.  Of course if any of you have ever tuned to ch. 38 you've seen the commercial for this restaurant as it's played like every other commercial.  I never gave it much of a thought until I saw some good yelp reviews.\n\nI walked in at 5pm on Sunday and there was only one table with people, the rest of the place was empty.  A very beautiful sweet lady seated me and recommended the #8 combo.  I never stray if a server recommends something in particular.  It was a great way to sample a shredded beef taco, chile relleno and cheese enchilada.\n\nFirst the taco....BOMB BOMB!  The hard shell corn tortilla was incredible!  The beef was so juicy and tender, loved every bite.  The cheese enchiliada was good, but what made it so good was the homemade enchilada sauce.  Now the chile relleno....superb.  I swear there must be a Mexican grandma back in the kitchen making different sauces.  The sauce on the relleno was to die for.\n\nWhen I'm in the neighborhood and not in the mood to stand in line at Carolina's or wait for a table at Comedor Guadalajara, I'll stop in at Pitic.  Don't let the bars on the windows scare you!!!
I was skeptical when my cousin asked me to go to pizza....at 7th St and Bell (we live in Central Phx).  I thought she was a little nuts to drive so far for pizza.  But YUM!  The place ain't fancy.  And the wine is from a really big jug.  However, the pizza was fantastic!  Excellent crispy crust but not at all burnt.  Lots of toppings!  I took some home despite my cousin's protest that the crust wouldn't be as good.  But a few moments in the toaster oven and I had a great leftover.  \n\nI will be back!
"""First of all, coconut breaded chicken strips?! If I didn't have to fit into a tight New Years eve dress I would have ordered that, sounds yummy!\n\nWhen you first walk through the doors you end up in the lobby where you can buy tickets, order drinks and food, eat or drink recently purchased items, and stand in line to enter the movie theater. We decided to order drinks in the lobby and wait to order food until we got into the theater. I order the Skinny tea, which consisted of Firefly Skinny Tea Vodka, Monin sugar sweetener, lemon juice, and splash of pepsi, all promising to be under 100 calories. There is also a Skinny Coloda that my friend got that tastes like a melted pina colada that consists of Ciroc Coconut vodka, pineapple juice, and milk that is supposedly under 100 calories. Both were scrumptious and I was impressed that they offered \healthier\"""" choices.\n\nAfter entering the theater and turning the corner, with my alcoholic beverage in hand, I felt like I was entering a lecture hall the way the seats are layed out. Every other row has a long table (or desk) that stretches across the room and is about three feet in length. There are then comfy black leather office chairs that swivel that are lined up side by side across the room the accompany said desk. The other row  consists of black leather chairs and a small individual airplane tray table-esque table (was that redundant?) that you can swing in front of you once you sat down. There is then a red box with a black button that you push for service and a waiter will come and input your order into a wireless handheld device that sends your order ASAP to the kitchen. \n\nThere was a group of five of us. Two ordered buffalo chicken strips and one ordered a philly steak sandwich. My friend and I decided to take advantage of their healthier menu items and split a fruit and cheese platter and a turkey burger. Well, all the fried food came out literally 3 minutes after they were ordered. It got us all wondering how long these items were under the heat lamp, but apparently they were still tasty. The fruit and cheese platter and turkey burger took about 12 minutes to get out, I guess not too many people order these items. The fruit was fresh, but the hunk of cheese that comes with the platter reminds me of the Laughing Cow herb cheese, not really worth the $10. The turkey burger, on the other hand, was delicious, and although it was supposed to be a healthier option, it still came with sweet potato fries that were okay, for $10. The bill was dropped off about 20 minutes before the end of the movie so everything was taken care of and we could leave the theater as soon as the credits started rolling.\n\nI would come back again, but I subtracted a star for all the clanking of dishes and the dropped cups, it was a lot for my ADD to handle in addition to watching the movie."""""""
despite a packed restaurant, the food and service was excellent. six of us ordering three appetizers and six entrees. Mongolian delight was delicious, juicy and very flavorful. Aulac Special Salad was easily the favorite of the table. fresh, flavorful and healthy. the fried rice wasn't bad but nothing special. Summer rolls and pan fried dumplings were good. Sage Lemongrass was too chewy and fried tasting, but not bad. looking forward to trying out the other dishes and supporting a friendly humble establishment!
Came here for dinner on a Sunday night.  Amazing chicken sandwich.  Usually I don't rave about chicken sandwiches, but this one was way above average.  Very good stuff.  The restaurant is pretty cool.  Nice decor and ambiance inside.  Parking is valet only, unless you park across the street or something.  The neighborhoods have signs that say no parking.  Came here during the same month of my birthday and got a free ice cream from their ice cream shop next door since I was on their mailing list.  Service was good too.  No complaints.
Likes-\n*Seems like they always have a spot outside (where others are packed to the max)\n*Can bring your dogs with you to hang out on the patio\n*Happy hour everyday 3PM-7PM with great drink and bar food options\n*Prices besides happy hour are not that bad either\n*Free chips and salsa-Very light salsa and fresh, which tastes amazing!\n*TVs to watch the games on (husband loves that one)\n*Waitress/Bartenders are always smiley and nice\n\nDislikes-  \n*Smells like stale beer and smoke very bad on the inside. Kind of a divey bar feel.\n*Allow you to smoke on the patio, which is disgusting YUCK! I always have someone that has their cigarette pointed away from them (to me) or holding behind them (to me). Hey its your cigarette you smell it right? It seems weird, because the patio is partially covered with the bar and Arizona law is 20 ft. from the building. I don't understand how they allow people to smoke at the bar or so close to it, when you 10 feet to the other side of the bar inside.\n*No parking assigned to Loco Patron! Do NOT park in the flag store parking or near, you will get towed. Heard horror stories on people trying to get your car back. Park on the road or try and find a spot in the garage. Its tough when its nice out and people are in old town or anything is going on. Prepare to look a while. BUT when its nice out, who cares, its good exercise and walk off those carbs ;)\n*You always get the drunkest and loudest people there haha! Its like people from all over kicked out go to Loco and they let them in! The music is blasting as well, which is fun most of the time.\n\nFaves on menu- \nApp on happy hour-Cheese Crisp $3.00\nMarinated Grilled Chicken Salad- $9.00 \nand of course Chips and Salsa = Free! \n\nAll in all its worth it to give it a shot. What do you have to lose? :)
"""I just read the reviews for this place and I didn't really experience any of the issues. \n\n1. I filled out the WAHOO online form. Within 2 minutes an agent called, confirmed my details (name, DOB, reason for visit), and said she sent the info the the Tatum location. She advised me to wait to hear from them. \n\n2. About 10 minutes later Tatum Urgent Care called. She said she had an opening in an hour. That was great for me. I rested in my pjs until I had to get dressed to leave and drive 2 minutes from my house to this location. \n\n3. I get there and it's easy to find on the first floor. Lots of parking -- I even found shade! \n\n4. Nurse up front is kind and confirms my info. Hands me a clipboard with 1 form to fill out and their privacy notice. Boom -- filled out in 2 minutes. \n\n5. Less than 5 minutes  later a nurse calls me into \the room.\"""" She is very kind and polite. Takes my blood pressure and info. I compliment her on how nice she is. \n\n6. Less than 10 minutes later the NP shows up. She was SUPER KIND and asked me what was wrong. I had knee pain (still do as I write this...blergy blergy pain) and she said that I needed an MRI. She asked me if that was okay -- she clearly wanted to help me if the cost was too much. I have insurance and wasn't worried about my deductible so not a worry. But it is so nice that they are aware of the cost of medical care in this country. \n\n7. She advised a knee brace, told me how much it would be if my insurance didn't cover it (super bonus, never had a medical place tell me anything about cost up front). Made sure it fit and was helpful. \n\n8. Checked out 5-10 minutes later. \n\nBottom line: quick and pain-free (not my knee, from the staff) visit. I would certainly return. I was out in like 30 minutes."""""""
Really an awesome community park.  I have been to quite a few kids birthdays and company picnics here and have always had a blast (though I wouldn't attempt it in August).\n\nYou don't even realize how huge this place is until you drive in since it is surrounded by residential communities.  There are so many things to do here.  Bike and jogging trails, a lake for fishing or paddle boats, baseball and basketball facilities, and plenty of grilling and picnicing areas including some that are covered.  There is even a train that goes around the whole park that kids can ride for a few bucks.  They also have a hummingbird habitat that I have not seen yet.  I wish I had heard about that before it got so hot since it sounds lovely!
My Mom recommended this place - my oldest sister is a super health food nut and I've been on a new meatless journey - so she thought because they couldn't try it out last week (hello 1 1/2 hour wait) we would take it for a test spin. I really love the decor and the feel of this restaurant! The outdoor patio is very well set up with heaters and cute little sitting areas with fireplaces and fire pits. \n\nEverything is very healthy, earth friendly and sustainably grown. I really liked the idea of it. I started off with the Cucumber Refresher drink and it was delicious. Their soup of the day was Miso which although it tasted a bit saltier than I would've liked I still think it was very tasty. We ordered the Herb Hummus for the table and were not disappointed. I had the sashimi tuna salad and I must say I felt a bit let down on this. The dressing was okay but not great, and I don't feel there was enough tuna or avocado given it's $14 price. Also I was hoping for something fancier than mostly iceberg lettuce given that there's no nutritional value in it. My Mom really enjoyed her Miso Alaskan Cod, her hubby seemed to enjoy the Bison Burger and I'm not too sure if my Dad and his wife enjoyed their Teriyaki Rice bowls - I guess I didn't hear any complaints so...? My fiance had the Panang Curry dish extra spicy and said it was good. Our server was friendly and attentive to our needs about having to get out by 7p to catch a couple of planes. We were too stuffed to try any of the desserts but they certainly sounded good. \n\nI like the idea of this place but I'm not sure I was really sold on it. Perhaps it's a better drink and appetizer place - I almost fell over when I saw the bill: $175 for six. There were a fair amount of wine glass refills but still - ouch.
While house sitting in Avondale, I decided to hit Yelp for a recommendation on a good dinner spot for my best friend and I and we ended up at Claim Jumper.  (What kind of a name is Claim Jumper anyway?) I had never heard of it but I guess she had been to the one in Chicago and loved it.  \n\nWe went for a late dinner on a Saturday night and had absolutely no problem getting a table.  Great service and nice atmosphere made for a great evening!  We started with the artichoke appetizer which I absolutely loved and found very different.  The artichoke was grilled and sliced and served with a delicious tomato topping.  For dinner I had the seared scallop salad and Ashley M. had the slider trio.  At the end of the meal we were both satisfied as we drooled over the desert menu but decided we were simply too stuffed.  Based on the review of Kym S., we may have missed out on glory but that just means I will have to return!\n\nNext to the hostess stand there is a big barrel of apples.  Is it stealing if I took an apple on my way out?  woops...
I live in Old Town so getting Indian food that I enjoyed meant going to Tempe or Chandler....Thanks for fellow yelpers, I checked it out on a Sunday...the service was great until it got busy.  Quick to realize that the two servers on the floor were not only the servers but also the host/hostess and bartenders.  It didnt matter because the food was great...I am no connoisseur of Indian cuisine but haven had dined well over 3 dozen times at Indian establishments, this place did just fine.  The location is not ideal since you are forced to park in a parking garage although AZ88 is right there for drinks after.  The decor was in my opinion a fair attempt to an authentic Indian restaurant.  We ordered nothing outside of the basic chicken curry, naan, saag paneer, rice pudding (best I have ever had), mango lassi (not very cold or thick but good), and the galub jamun (which tasted like it had been frozen and thawed....only thing I didnt like)  Overall, I really enjoyed it and will be back when the craving for stuffing myself on Indian food revisits me.
Pei Wei is a fast, easy, cheaper PF Chang's - and that's what makes it great! If you like the tofu dishes at PF Chang's, you'll love Pei Wei. The food here is great. The service is exceptional. And the portions are huge! I usually end up taking about half the food home with me. Also, compared to other lunch spots near by (like Paradise Bakery), it's really not all that busy. Of course, it's not authentic Asian food, but you shouldn't be expecting that when you come here anyway.
"""Went to Houston's first and didn't feel like doing a 40-minute wait on a Wednesday night at 7pm for a table.  City Hall had tables available so we thought we would \settle\"""" and dine here.  Steaks (three ordered the New York Pepper steak and I ordered the Kansas City) were amazing!  Cooked to perfection and even though I loved mine I think I would opt for the NY Pepper next time.  We ordered a chopped salad, which is enough for four people to share and out of this world.  We also had garlic mashed potatoes and a side of broccoli; both of which were amazing.  Two of us had a red blend (wine) that was recommended by the server and knocked ourselves on the forehead when we got home for not knowing what it was because we loved it.  The reason it doesn't get five stars is the fact that it is a bit pricey ($9 for a side of broccoli is a tad much) and the sound level is slightly distracting.  The women's restroom is an adventure but I was a little put off by being ignored by the attendant but still expected to leave a tip for her when she handed me a thick paper towel while chatting with someone else.  Still, I did enjoy the three bowls of candy (Starburst, Tootsie Rolls, and mints) to choose from.  Oh, and yes, try the pretzel bread :)  My first thought this morning was, \""""I think next time I go to City Hall I'll split a chopped salad and a NY Pepper steak with my guest.\""""  I rarely, if ever, plan my next trip to a restaurant right after being there, so a big thumbs up goes out to Mastro's City Hall!!"""""""
I was so impressed with the Roy's in vegas and decided to visit the one in chandler for happy hour last friday.  this is decorated just as lovely as the vegas one.  the cocktails were very tasty just like in vegas. I couldn't help myself, I ordered the same as i did in vegas- the original Hawaiian martini.  the bartenders were friendly enough. \n\noverall the Roy's in vegas blew me away however this one in Chandler is very nice and I would return to try a different hh cocktail. great hh spot.
"""If Starbucks operated with the swiftness with which I witnessed the young lady taking orders at Bertha's Cafe on Saturday (Aug 15), I don't think any Starbucks lovers would ever make it to work unless they happened to be one of the first 5 or so people in line.\n\nIn other words, a few days after opening in its new location, Bertha's is still working out the kinks in the ordering system, and clearly training new employees. \n\nThat said, I found the food to be fantastic given the price point. For what I recall being $5.50, I purchased the Breakfast Torta, and I loved the flavors. I didn't care for the Torta being reheated in the microwave (because it spoils that beautiful pastry crust), but I guess heating it in an oven would take too long for a quick breakfast. But, given the price point, I'm not going to knock them down for microwave use. I ate with my parents (both of whom ordered the Breakfast Torta) and my brother, who ordered the \Sausage and Eggs\"""". Word to the wise: \""""Sausage and Eggs\"""" is the Bertha's cafe equivalent of a McDonald's Sausage McMuffin, but much tastier (from what I am told) and much more natural looking. Once I figured out it was a sandwich and not just sausage and eggs, I wished I had ordered that instead of the Breakfast Torta because it looked amazing.\n\nThe staff were all well-groomed, attractive females. Can't say I didn't enjoy that. But, more importantly, they were nice people who you'd expect at a \""""mom and pop\"""" place, rather than some chain. As much as I thought they needed work on their ordering system, it was actually enjoyable to see them working hard to make everything right, and working to improve. Nice to see that sort of entreprenurial spirit. Had I been in a rush, I might not have appreciated that quaint aspect of the meal as much, but I wasn't in a rush, so I enjoyed watching them work on their ordering system (note: I'm not talking about a POS system... they're old-school with tickets and a cash register) and enjoyed the time with my family.\n\nI thought the food was very good and warranted a 5 star rating at this price point, however, I can't give Bertha's 5-stars with the problems they had taking customers' orders that day. I'm sure they'll work it out soon, and maybe I'll come back and update my review then.\n\n\nBTW, Regarding the new location:\n\nI posted a couple pics of the new location because I had a bit of trouble finding it.\n\nJoel L said it was in the NW corner of the complex of 32nd & Indian School, but I didn't know which corner of 32nd & Indian School. It's on the NW corner of 32nd & Indian School, in the NW corner of that complex. The address is 3134 E Indian School Road."""""""
So, I went to Ticoz last week with a work buddy to have a much-needed cocktail and a snack.  They had a $20 dollar deal that evening...a pitcher of Sangria and a plate of appetizers which was JUST perfect!  Chips, guaccamus, dips, and a seriously perfect calamari showed up just in time.  This was a great deal and we whiled away 2.5 hours just chatting and licking the plates clean.  I have been underwhelmed by some of Ticoz' changes in the past but this was just pitch(er) perfect :)
Go for the thin crust! \n\nOverall experience was wonderful, service was attentive, straight to the point and not smothery. Food at this local pizza joint is high quality you can taste. As a chef dining out for a casual lunch, I left pleased and with cash still in my pocket.\n\nFirst we had the Roasted Eggplant Bruschetta, the baguette was toasted to perfection. The crust was crisp with a nice light sourdough flavor and chew, not over toasted a bit and still tender on the inside. The four baguettes were topped with a beautiful creamy, tangy goat cheese. The eggplant was beautifully roasted and naturally rich in flavor. Sun-dried tomatoes added a nice acid element to this dish, which was served warm with a well balanced Balsamic Reduction. \n\nNext we tried the Smoked Chicken and Broccoli Pizza. The crust, oh gosh. THE CRUST! Perfect. Thin and crunchy, tender, caramelized in the wood burning oven to a perfect golden brown. The smoked chicken was still moist, the broccoli still had a nice bite to it as all vegetables should and had a fantastic roasted flavor. No sauce here, just a little olive oil and garlic went down before the toppings. The Mozzarella and Smoked Provolone were appropriate, but a nice nutty Asiago or Parmesan-Reggiano would have been a welcome touch.  Bacon? Of course we added bacon! An Applewood Smoked Bacon. Although in recent years bacon, and especially Applewood Smoked has been overplayed in the culinary world, Nello's kept it organic in style. The bacon has a wonderful fatty crunch, just the right balance of salt and smoke and cooked just so. The half slabs of thick, delicious bacon were simply laid over our pizza towards the end of cooking. Very pleased this bacon wasn't chopped up into tiny bits. \n\nThe Banana-Nut Bread Pudding was tempting but Tiramisu has my heart. Being half Italian I know Tiramisu and Nello's has made a great play on this classic dessert. First a thick layer of creamy mascarpone was sweetened to not over power the cheese itself. The ladyfinger layer held its integrity and wasn't soaked to the point of sogginess which is a pleasant surprise. Another generous layer of mascarpone and a surprisingly thick dusting of cocoa powder was a great touch. \n\nNello's is worth every penny, the bill for two of us was just over $30.00. We left full and happy, too many dining experiences can be disappointing if the little details are left out. They don't miss a beat! David was a fantastic server with an upbeat attitude, the rest of the staff was also attentive and helpful. Beer and Wine selection is nice as well, there is definitely something for everyone here. \n\nLike Nello's on Facebook, they post special items with fantastic seasonal ingredients that any food lover would get pumped over!  \n\nI will be back time and time again.
I recently went back with my wife and a friend for dinner before a movie. The food was still good and the service was much better than what I experienced last time. \n\nI think the burgers are well done and you get your choice of various sides (as many as you want). A few sides cost extra or if you want another slice of cheese. The fries or sweet potato fries are above average.\n\nThe waiter refilled our water and drinks and gave the check to us in a timely manner. This didn't happen during my previous experience.\n\nMy wife and I split an Oreo and Marshmallow  shake. The shake was superb! I think we both regretted splitting the shake instead of getting our own. For shake lovers, there is a huge variety of flavors and selections to choose from.\n\nI've raised my rating to a 4 now with the service improvement.\n\nI still need to take the 1 lb burger challenge.
"""Okay, Valle Luna is not going to win any awards for being a \great\"""" Mexican restaurant.  Is it bad?  Hell no!  That is evident by the fact that it is rare that you can go there any night of the week and find a parking space in a pretty spacious lot.  That, more than reviews, tells you a lot.  If you build it, people will come.\n\nThere is actually nothing wrong with Valle Luna.  The people who work there range from good to a few who are very good.  We have almost never been seated immediately but the wait isn't that bad.  The \""""waiting room\"""" is a bit weird, with uncomfortable benches forcing everyone to kinda stare at each other.\n\nThe drinks are good, tasty and not bad for the price.  One of the salsas tends toward an 8 out of 10 rating.  The food is typical Americanized Mexican fare for the most part, but definitely plentiful ... I have never been able to finish it all without resorting to a doggie bag.\n\nThe decor is decent, the multiple dining rooms help keep the noise down.  The clientele ranges from attractive young singles to those in the senior range and there is a good mix of couples-to-small groups.\n\nThey rate 4-stars because they are most definitely a cut above any \""""chain\"""" Mexican place I have visited in Phoenix and yet also manage to outdo many of the mom & pop local places due to their cleanliness and consistency.  They are almost, but not quite, one of the best in Phoenix in my book.  My 4-star rating compares them to other restaurants in the Phoenix area.  If I rated them against restaurants I have visited in Mexico, San Diego, El Paso and a few other places I would drop them to a 3-star rating and if I rated them against a couple of my favorite ever places, regardless of location, price, cleanliness, etc. they might fall to a 2-star.  But then again I have only found a total of less than the fingers on my right hand that would rate a solid 5-star."""""""
4 Stars just because I can't always find stuff I like in Cornelia Park. But the stuff is high quality and a ton of other people must like it too because the store is never empty.\n\nThey sell fine glass, ceramics, jewelry and dinnerware, but a lot of the designs are a little too mad hatter-ish for me.  A little too Alice in Wonderland if you will.  \n\nThe store definitely has a funky/contemporary style, but the price tags are pretty high!
giligans always seems to be on any pub ride we do. tonight was no different. our second stop and already, this place had plenty of patrons. \n\nother reviewers mention the games, but i just like to drink alcohol when i'm here. and it does it's job. as part of our pub ride, we had a few shot tickets, but i'm not a big fan of mixing shots with my beer, and it tasted like medicine (which is pretty normal for shots, right?). we ran into some former co-workers and they were all having a lively time, much like everyone else there. \n\ngood and fun....they make drankin good and fun!
One of my top three favorite theaters in the Phoenix area for sure, I have found more gems at Camelview than any other theater. Camelview and Valley Art in Tempe are really the only theaters I monitor on a weekly basis so I don't miss something wonderful. I like the smaller staffed atmosphere and the intimate feeling of the place, plus the seats are comfy and the staff is typically knowledgeable and friendly. The only reasons it doesn't get five stars from me are the tiny bathroom and the *ahem*, older crowd, who very often times can be loud during movies, not the theaters fault, but it still happens.
I think I have started an affair. Sens, your exterior beauty and your witty personality has grabbed my attention wanting more. This restaurant has an absolutely cute little outdoor bar and seating area. Inside, Sens has a wall of creative art and the decor is modern and chic. \n\nOn to the food . . . we ordered the lime beef, bacon wrapped figs, almond-crusted mahi, okra, and my favorite which was the lemongrass clams from the claypot. Creative dishes for one of the few Asian tapas places in Phoenix, great ambiance, and excellent service gives my affair with Sens 4 stars. The one gripe I have is that their tapas plates are super small portioned compared to other types of tapas. Nevertheless, I will return to make many more memories.
I guess weddings always seem like they are going to be bad, but then you go and you have a better time than you think.  Perhaps there is something about seeing obscure relatives all dressed up and tying empty cans to string behind a car that has some calming effect.  If you luck out, there will be a drunken aunt or uncle who will make a scene or a bridesmaid that will vomit (quick, hold her hair!). Plus, the whole tab is on your brother-in-law, how bad can that be?\n\nI traveled to Arizona to attend my cutie niece's wedding at Ashley Manor. Mom, Dad and I were all charmed by the place.  The pleasant space is an old Spanish hacienda (probably built by a dairy farmer) with lush gardens--lawns, fountains, pavilions, gazebos--they have it all. My pretty niece looked even prettier with the backdrop of the Ashley Manor. Every nook and cranny, inside and out, is a wonderful photo op for the bride, groom and family members. The whole event seemed to me to go without a hitch.  Unlike a hotel or the country club, where there are other guests and members, we had the very private and intimate home and grounds all to ourselves. You really did feel special at this casa grande. I would crash someone else's wedding just to go there again.\n\nHere's a tip: eat outside. The ceremony was outside but her dinner was in a noisy ballroom. The grounds are magical at night. Magical. In late October, the outside temperature was perfect and I wish we had been outside. I know it's hard to plan the outside conditions a year in advance, but if you can possibly pull it off, have the dinner outside (or even just the cake). Your guests would never forget a dinner party here under twinkling stars and candles.
What a beautiful property! The grounds are really extensive, with many little hidden spots to sit and read a book, or even just watch the rabbits and quail wandering about. This is a great hotel to catch some R&R and just enjoy the springtime Scottsdale weather in classic Southwest architectural surroundings.\n\nAfter being driven to our building, we entered our room, which consisted of a bedroom and sitting area; big walk-in closet; and huge bathroom with his-and-her sinks, separate tub and shower, and enclosed toilet. After relaxing on the patio for a bit, we explored the property. The pond was beautiful, and we even saw children fishing for crappie with poles and tackle provided by the hotel. Among the many pools on the property, there was even one geared toward children with a pretty impressive waterslide.\n\nWe wandered through the lobby, stopping to check out Bourbon Steak, the Michael Mina restaurant. Next we walked past the fire pits and lounge seating of the outdoor Stone Rose bar, owned by Rande Gerber (yes, Mr. Cindy Crawford). As we got closer to our room, we also saw the Willow Stream Spa (gorgeous), newly reopened La Hacienda restaurant, and tennis courts.\n\nLater in our stay, we took advantage of some of the perks of the Fairmont President's Club so we could enjoy the courts. Neither the boyfriend nor I had brought athletic wear, but that wasn't a problem thanks to FPC. For $10 we were able to order Adidas workout wear and have it delivered to our room to keep for the duration of our stay. I received capris, a sleeveless top, a lightweight jacket, tennis shoes, and socks. He got shorts, a long-sleeved t-shirt, tennis shoes, and socks. Thanks to FPC, we also got racquets for free and only had to pay the court fee. There are at least seven courts, and one even features stadium seating if you want to pretend that you're Andy Roddick or Venus Williams and get your friends and family to cheer you on.\n\nService at the Princess was very friendly and welcoming. The minor low points we experienced had to do with our room being cleaned very late in the day when we wanted to be able to change and relax before heading out to dinner. Also, the pods for our in-room espresso maker were replaced with only decaf! I know--what a nightmare! ;) But it did cause us to get dressed and go in search of a coffee bar on property. There isn't one, but when I explained to the hostess at the casual bistro that we just wanted some coffee to take back to the room, she brought two cups out promptly and said they were on the house when I tried to pay for them.\n\nI would love to come back here for a longer stay, especially since I didn't have time to enjoy any of the many pools, even though the main one is open 24 hours a day. Nor did I get to do any shopping or take a spa treatment (more FPC discounts). I can see why this is an Abu J.-approved hotel.\n\n4.75 stars!
"""How can you not love a place that pours drinks this strong? Especially when they're only five bucks during happy hour! I think that I've sampled them all at this point, and haven't been disappointed. For the most part, they are exactly the kind of drink you would expect to find in a tiki cup or dodge little paper umbrellas or fruit skewers to get to - all fruity and full of tropical booze. Ahh, I can practically smell the salty ocean breeze and feel warm sand between my toes. In my opinion, the best of the best are the Blood Orange Martini, the Mai Tai, and Dr. Funk. So what if Hula's wait staff hasn't quite gotten the hang of prompt service as long as I've got my Mai Tai and sweet potato fries. \n\nWhen I finally made it beyond the happy hour, I found that Hula's is more than just great drinks.  Let me tell you, when they say that their pulled pork sandwich is \heaven on a bun\"""", you'd better believe it. I don't know whose idea it was to throw some coleslaw on that heavenly bun, but that person deserves a medal. The combo of that tender, warm barbeque pork with some cool, crisp coleslaw is just magnificent. Word has is that their burgers are also pretty tasty, but I haven't been able to get away from the pulled pork, and apparently the burgers are too yummy for my friends to offer me a bite (not that I've ever shared my sandwich)."""""""
I will be back, it had some fantastically great deals. I wanted to buy so much that I had no plans to use. Just to own. OK there were two downsides as far as I could tell.\n1. There was no information posted about how the store worked. It sounds silly if you haven't been there. My friend and I were trying to figure out how to hold onto all the bolts we wanted yards of as there were no carts. The answer is you bring it up front and have them cut it for you and they keep it in a bag for you behind the counter until you are ready to check out. You can do this as many times as you like. \n2. The salespeople I dealt with were very vague and did not seem as if they had been hired from the best or the brightest. I had to rephrase my questions about how the store worked 4 times before they said something that answered my questions.\nOnce those two things were dealt with I had a great time being overwhelmed by too many choices. TOO MANY CHOICES!
This is a brand new music venue in Downtown Phoenix. It's very well done, with a nice ambiance and a section of the room set aside as a stage. Everyone who works there is terrific and very helpful, nice, etc.  The room is simple, the acoustics are well done, and the restrooms and such are clean.  But, that's it. There isn't a patio or really any food (except the costco type snacks for 1.00, etc.), beverage service, etc.  \n\nI would have given it a 3 star, but the venue is so promising I want others to visit it. The BEST music is here, and it will only get better!
Pei Wei is fast, inexpensive, and tastes great. I love the exhibition kitchen where they make your food out in the open. It's rather noisy but I like that in-the-thick-of-things atmosphere!\n\nThe Asian menu items are mostly very good. I don't care for the orange chicken here, but it's my husband's favorite. I go for the spicy kung pao chicken, although a few times it has been too salty. I also really enjoy the lettuce wraps. They are listed on the appetizer menu, but they make a great meal of themselves. Pei Wei has gotten a bit too trendy for me since we first started eating here, but I guess they deserve the success!
"""So here's the deal. I live six minutes from Grimaldi's by car, I needed a pizza fix on a lazy Tuesday evening about 8:45. As I walked in, the place was jumpin' with a nice crowd of families, couples and singles. I saddled up to the bar, met Karissa and promptly ordered a 12\ sausage, pepparoni and jalapena thin crust, coal fired pizza. SENSATIONAL is an understatement. I met the folks, got talkin' World Series baseball, business and life with the troops. After a bit I settled up my $21 tab and hit the road. Will I be back ?...there is no doubt...Grimaldi's in Old Town Scottsdale is a winner !!"""""""
I've had the pleasure of enjoying a delicious meal at the Roaring Fork in Austin and this one, conveniently located across from my Hotel (Firesky) is just as good.\n\nOur party of 8 started with lots of apps. Everyone was super psyched to try the green chili, but I just found it so-so.  However, the mac and cheese was unbelievable. Unfortunately, I don't think many other people at the table got to it because I devoured most of it. Oops.  Their guac totally hit the spot too.\n\nI was pretty full after the apps, but still had some fish tacos coming my way.  Three generous sized flour tacos filled with fish, veggies and rice. I found more room in my tummy for these! \n\nIt turned out I needed to find additional room in my stomach because the manager was sweet enough to send out a few comp desserts for our table. You can't go wrong with any of their desserts, but the pineapple cake (apparently a favorite of the Manager's wife) was the best.  Days later I'm still full from my delicious meal at Roaring Fork, but I'm looking forward to filling up again the next time I'm in Phoenix.
I really like going to this particular location.  I am constantly surprised that the service is so good.  Each person that I encounter there seems to really enjoy what they are doing.  I am really impressed with their customer service each time.  I understand this isn't someone's ideal job that they want to do when they grow up but if you are going to be a ditch digger, be the best damn ditch digger ever.  These folks do a good job at emulating that sentiment.  \n\nOtherwise, Dunkin is Dunkin.  As a corporation, they are doing a good job at branding and introducing relevant items within their market.  As a location, they are doing a good job at following through with the product.  The coffee is good and I was happy to see Egg Bagels in this town but I am still an eternal fan of the Boston Creme.  My daughter loves just about anything you give her from there so that's a win too.
"""I've eaten at Orange Table somewhere around 50 or 60 times over the last few years and I can tell you that they consistently provides 4-5 star quality food which I absolutely love.  The \monkey pancakes\"""" with bananas and sliced almonds are one of my favorite breakfasts anywhere with nuts and maple syrup, the chipotle chicken sandwich is unbelievable, the balsamic mozzarella melt is incredible and the burgers (all of them) are some of the best I've had in town.  \n\nUnfortunately, as many other people have mentioned, this amazing food is often but not always delivered with 2-3 star quality service.  This review and the 4 stars are not meant to excuse the poor service but I will tell you that I have never had a bad meal there.  Ever.  Patience is a virtue and a necessary one in this case.  I would give 5 stars on food alone but conversely just can't justify lowering the rating to a 3 based on slow service as many others have done.  My advice - plan on spending some time there, know the deal ahead of time and just be cool.  Your food will come out, perhaps even without a smile but this place is absolutely worth it."""""""
"""I haven't reviewed Flavors of Louisiana yet? Really?!\nWell, let me tell you, I've been there a lot of times, and they do it RIGHT. There aren't a lot of tables, but I can't remember ever seeing people waiting for a seat despite a constant flow of traffic in and out of the place.\nI had their oyster po boy and it was really good. They used a great balance of corn meal to flour (slightly more corn meal, making it crispier and trapping the juiciness inside better). They knew what I meant when I said \make it dressed with hot sauce.\"""" The bread almost tasted fried, but it is the best French bread this side of the Mississippi River. The oysters were definitely from the Gulf; it was a fantastic taste of home.\nI had my 2 girls with me, and I ordered their daily special; fried catfish smothered in shrimp etoufee. I had them serve it separately, and my older girl loved the etoufee, while my younger loved the catfish.\nI also had their red beans and rice, and that held its own. I wasn't crazy about their rendition of chicken and sausage gumbo, as it wasn't dark enough, but the seafood gumbo was very good. They diced up the holy trinity (celery, onion, bell pepper) to appropriate sizes.\nA word of warning; the sweet tea is done too sweet for some Southerners and definitely too sweet for most in Phoenix. Get the regular and sweeten it yourself.\nThey could use more drink options (no alcoholic beverages), and they ran out of 2 dishes plus their bread pudding on my last visit, but if you want truly authentic cajun seafood, this is the place to go. It's one of maybe 10 restaurants of ANY kind in the Valley that could survive in New Orleans, and when you're able to do that with non-local seafood, that's pretty darn impressive.\nBe aware that they're closed on Mondays; I've made the trek to Avondale more than once to discover that I picked the wrong day."""""""
ok, first of all, buffalo takes things based on current style/trends,so if you're turning in diesel jeans from 2 years ago, chances are you're not going to get anything for them, pal.\n\nthe best part about this store - and thrift stores in general - is scoring awesome items. i love that it has such a diverse selection of clothing with brands from everywhere..i have found so many awesome hoodies my closet is overstuffed! usually i'll bring in old clothes and swap for new ones to keep my style and look fresh - i love it, and i usually walk out of there paying no more than $20. \n\nthis store is a lot smaller than the tempe one, but still carries a pretty good selection due to its location in the hip/trendy part of phoenix..\n\nwent in there today, and got a brand new (still tagged) red DC reversable thermal hoodie for $20...which i saw at macys a month ago for $60. score!\n\nthumbs up buffalo, your staff is cool and friendly and your clothes are hip.
"""as a museum dedicated entirely to native american art, this place really made their experiences, culture, and struggle palpable. it does a great job blending authentic indian artifacts, like hand woven baskets and jewelry, with contemporary indian art clearly influenced by modern american styles, traversing the complicated, often contradictory relationships between assimilation and tradition.\n\nparticular pieces that directly depicted or confronted the deep tragedies caused by forced american assimilation were the ones that struck me the most. there were positive pieces as well that don't speak toward such loss, refusing to allow a sense of victimization. \n\nbut behind everything you could taste blood, especially the current boarding school exhibit that vividly recreates, through firsthand accounts, the experience of indian children being kidnapped from their homes and sent away for years to destitute boarding schools to become \civilized.\"""" \n\nyou walk through different boarding school themed rooms; a dormitory, a classroom, a barber's chair where their long hair was shaved, replete with chopped braids all over the floor, etc. it's eerie as hell, and the whole while black and white photos of the children, most dead, stare at you in desperation. it feels like a haunted house only you know the unsettling emotion is not sourced in superstition. \n\nalas, it's depressing as hell but beneath it all is that undying optimism and story of survival. in the end, it's about how much we lost, as a nation, in our bloodthirsty conquest that could've learned so much from these people. you leave with a sense of empathy, tolerance, outrage, and remorse."""""""
This place never disappoints!  With a mix of Italian and Asian cuisine there are always lots of choices.  My boyfriend and I couldn't decide so we chose one Italian dish and one Asian dish: Seafood Yakisoba and Cajun Shrimp.  They definitely did not skimp on the seafood!  Both dishes had plenty of shrimp!  I love the warm bread they serve prior to bringing out your meals as well.  CherryBlossom also always has a great assortment of desserts.  This time we had the peach cheesecake which was amazing, and highly recommended.\nI feel like a lot of small restaurants have slow service, but that is not the case here!  Great food and great service make this a place I will definitely be visiting again!
I've been here several times... and again in today (there's a little-known back door internal route from a cigar lounge to here and back; haha)!\n\nI've always had a great experience with both the food AND customer service (which is unexpected given the New York accents present behind the counter).\n\nI've run the gamut of their options..... but today I discovered the turkey club wrap on a chipotle tortilla..... best thing I've tasted yet (and owner Nicole made it for me herself).\n\nThe only thing keeping this from a 5-Star joint is the portions...... not that they're to small by ANY stretch....... but NO way to order a HALF size anything!  It's 8 bucks just for a sandwich... and I can't eat the whole thing!  Dang it, Nicole... charge me 5 for a HALF and I'd stop over more often!\n\nCheers!
"""I just got back from dinner at Nee House as we had a really good experience! \n\nIt is very very clean.  There were mostly Asians in here eating and that to me is a big plus.  BIG PLUS.\n\nOur food was delicious.  We ordered the Moo Shu pork and the House Chow Fun.  How can you not enjoy something called \Chow Fun\""""?\n\nAnyhow, the staff was very nice, quick and let me mention again how clean the dining room was.  \n\nWe will be back for sure to try more items on their menu."""""""
I think many of these reviews might be friends of the family, but my wife and I met up with my father and mother along with my brother and sister in law for a dinner here.  There were a few people ordering to go, but we came for a meal and the six of us filled the restaurant.  Don't expect to find a lot of room, there are a few chairs but not a lot!  If it's full, it's full.  \n\nAnyway, though (I think) many of these reviews are relatives, they are spot on.  It's a good place to eat Filipino food.  \n\nEverything I tasted from the lumpia to the adobo was excellent.  And the mother/daughter/son running the place were so nice and helpful it felt like eating at home.  I want to go back very soon, especially on a Friday when they have some delicious pig, i think it's called lechon baboy.  mmmm.\n\nDon't expect gourmet, silverware or place settings.  Expect good (excellent) home cooked Filipino with a twist of Mexican.  This is what you really want, go eat some!
Went to this place for happy hour and found they had some great drink and food specials. The food can be expensive but its good. The beers are good but I would not recommend getting the tasters. All of the beer taster were American beers you could find at any bar in the valley. My recommendation is to try the hefeweizens if you you like Belgium beers and with a pizza. But by far the Yard House has one of the best selections of beer in valley. \n\nIf you are beer enthusiast you need to stop at the Yard House.
So, I've been diagnosed with Celiac's disease and as such, have started my gluten free journey.  Now, at least I live in Phoenix instead of some rinky dink small town with no choice!  I see gluten free options popping up and Pugzie's is a front runner in this journey due to the owner having a child with Celiac's (or so I heard)...whatever the cause I am sure glad that they offer choices for me.  I love the sandwiches!  The meat is very good tasting and generous!  The fruit salad was large and fresh.  They also offer gluten free soups and cookies.  When doing a pick up the gluten free sandwich is wrapped up well so as not to touch anything from the rest of your order, which I thought was awesome!\n\nThe place is kind of lack luster in looks but the gluten free options make it a winner in my book!
"""La Piazza al Forno in Glendale is a great brick oven pizza spot in downtown Glendale. I will admit it was a bit difficult to find at first because my navigator sent me to a pizza place about half a block down the street at first and the sign for La Piazza is merely red lettering on the beige brick front.  Me and the fiancee arrived around 3:00 and were sat within 2 minutes. We were only delayed because they had to wipe a table down for us.  No less than 5 people greeted us when walked in which was nice. We had never been but felt very welcome.  We ordered the calamari (8.50), which was great with a nice garlic marinara for dipping. We also ordered the 14\ Italian Stallion Pie which is topped with Tomato Sauce, Fresh Mozzarella, Sausage, Pepperoni, Prosciutto di Parma, and Sopressata ($16). The two of us were able to eat about 75 percent of the pie (hooray, cold pizza left overs) and decided to save some room for some homemade dessert. Man we were glad we did. We ordered the Chocolate Cannoli ($3.50) which was delicious and different. Neither of us had ever had a chocolate cannoli in the past and if there wasn't about a half dozen other choices to try in the future it would be a definite order again in the future. The service was great and all the food was served extremely fast, even with the place full. All and all a great place and somewhere we will be visiting again in the future. It has to be the best pizza I have had in the Northwest valley."""""""
"""I've only eaten at this restaurant once, but have been fortunate to have had George's food catered to our medical office on many occasions.  The food is consistently good in either situation; survives the travel to our office well, always hot and fresh, and almost always delivered and set up by George himself.  George even had \and Son\"""" with him several years ago, when he was still small enough to be traveling in his car seat; sweet baby boy.  He sticks around long enough for the first few of us to come in so that he can make sure we are happy with the food.  The fried potstickers are good, maybe a little greasy, and the dipping sauce kind of bland.  Crab puffs are tasty, too, with a nice filling of cream cheese with crab bits, and an unnaturally orange-red (but still good) sweet-sour sauce to accompany.   The Crispy Spicy Pork is just that, served with white rice; one of the outstanding dishes, lots of flavor with just a little spicy heat.  Shrimp Honey Glazed Walnuts is excellent, nice fat shrimp with an unusual thick and creamy sauce; one of my favorite dishes here.  The Fresh Mango Shrimp \""""house specialty\"""" was OK; the shrimp again were big, fat, fresh-tasting, plenty of big chunks of mango and onion, but the sauce was very bland.  Szechwan String Beans are really good, lots of garlic and nicely stir-fried haricots vert.  Spicy Basil Chicken and Vietnamese Chicken are both reliably good.  Fairly large portions with the entrees at the restaurant."""""""
The name Roaring Fork is a misnomer. \nMy fork never actually roared, but he did kick up quite a ruckus.\n\nAt the beginning of the meal, he just laid there idle next to spoon, knife, and little brother; 'roaring' salad fork....not a peep out of the four of them. \nI think he was plotting his sinister moves on my entree while watching me wolf the bread basket and chef's free appetizer, his presence not required. \nBut then dinner arrived and it was showtime. He busted out.\n\nViciously attacking our Waldorf chicken salad, he literally left me breathless. I was like Michael Phelps, sipping what little amount of air I could gather between bites.\nIt all happened so fast. The entire meal a blur.\n\nTwo Waldorf chicken salads and two waters came to forty-two bucks, fifty with the tip. \nBut to see that little bastard in action was well worth the price of admission, even though he did remain conspicuously silent throughout his little shit-show.\n\nI think he might be related to Michigan Frog....only roaring for the owner or something.
Recently sampled their beer selection during their Oktoberfest celebration. I must say I was a little disappointed in service due to the amount of people, I suppose... Nevertheless their IPA and Hefe were very good representations for a local brewhouse. Coming from Chico I am an indigeneous hop lover but some of the beers they had on tap were not that great of representatives for their line. I felt their SunDevil Ale had a weird undertone/aftertaste that screamed to my palate to stop drinking, not skunky just weird. I also sampled their Gordo Stout and again thought this could be a little better if they malted it up and gave it some coffee/choco flavor. Not that I am an ultimate conisseour but I think these guys will be great as they get their feet wet with a more finiky customer base. Food on the other hand was delicious which is why I gave 4 stars. Please if you are in the area on a weekend or for lunch, check this place out for a casual outing - very laid back and the staff is awesome! I know I will...
Came here for lunch with some work colleagues, where the parking spaces were scarce due to a small lot. I had the double charburger with cheese, onion rings and a drink for just under 9 bucks. The onion rings were good size, sweet and extra crispy; you can go wrong for under two bucks. The burger was good and definitely better when loaded. The place was packed so we had to wait about 15 minutes to get our food. Its worth coming back, just not during the lunch rush.
HAHA! Oh my poor 2-star Safeway.  By far the WORST Safeway in the greater Phoenix area. But you know what? I'm really glad it's there. \n\nTrue, most of the employees, and especially the night manager, are indeed terrifying. Not so much scary as they are depressed and loathsome of customers.\n\nHowever, they're kind of cute and loveable when they begin to catch on that you frequent their register 8 days a week to buy a cheap ass reisling or a six pack of blue moon, and yes, you are 21, remember? They even try to remember your no-bag policy. \n\nNo, they will not open another lane, even though there 12 people ahead of me patiently, tenderly cradling various bottles of booze in their arms. It's a habbit of theirs to only keep one checker checkin at night. Lord knows where the other employees lurk at that time.\n\nI'll tell you this much about the inventory. The produce is horrendous. The juice section is decent. The booze section is useful. And the artichoke-jalapeno dip is off the chhhhhain!\n\nI went here in the day time once (on Thanksgiving!) and it was almost like a real grocery store. Still, I prefer the shadier side of Safeway in the realm of 9:30pm-12am-ish, when sometimes those ubiquitous transient patio table sitters so graciously would  inform me as I cruised by the front that sto' was closed.  \n\nBut guess what? I'll be slipping through those sliding doors a little more often. And I will be driving thru the Taco Bell across the way a little less often. Because this location is now open 24/7, people. That's right.\n\nConfused? Me too. But in my humble opinion it deserves the four because I'm easy to please, easily amused and am just glad that store is where I want it, when I want it.
Beautiful little shop.  It's all about presentation here-the decor, the cases, the garnishes on the gelato, and the bathroom...let's just say it's most likely cleaner and nicer than your own.\n\nA billion flavors to choose from.  Or at least it seems like a billion when you're under pressure to choose one before everyone else in line gets pissed off at your indecisiveness.  But as for the gelato, it's good but not the best I've had.  I actually prefer Gelato Old Town in Scottsdale which is far less pretentious.  Also, today there were air pockets in my cup.  Yes, air pockets.  When I'm paying $3.50 for a tiny little cup, I expect it to be packed in there.  We are the fattest country in the world-we didn't get that way with air pockets!
This is my third or fourth time coming here, and I have never, ever had a negative experience. The staff is very polite and very attentive to whatever you need. The food was excellent and we always come for $2 mimosas during brunch on saturdays/sundays. \n\nOnce we entered, we were seated within a few minutes (they were making a table for our larger party). We got our first round of mimosas, and we were impressed. Very good blend of OJ and champagne, not too much of either. \n\nThe selection of food is realllllllly good. They offer brunch from 11-3 on sat/sun and the specials are amazing. We had a lobster omelette, which was AMAZING. It was a decent-sized omelette with 5-6 huge chunks of lobster on top and mixed into the omelette. They do top it with quite a lot of sauce, so if you are not a sauce kind of person, I would recommend getting it on the side. \n\nWe also had walnut-maple pancakes, which were very good as well. They were a little cold when we got them, but they were still good. Another person orded the grilled salmon sandwich and another got steak eggs benedict. Everyone was pleased. \n\nFor 3 rounds of mimosas and 5 entrees, the bill came out to about $100. Not cheap but definitely not expensive. We ate outside in perfect weather on a saturday morning, so the whole experience was relaxing. I will continue to come back here over and over again.
"""I dont know how people know of this place because it is very tucked away in this small airport, you wouldnt think that there was a restaurant here! \n\nAnyway, this is a fun place to go to for breakfast or lunch, kids would love it. You can enjoy good food and look out the window at all the planes too. Maybe even catch some landing or taking off. The staff are all very friendly and attentive. The atmosphere is very casual, they have some great plane-related decor that is fun to look at!\n\nOur plan was to go here for breakfast, but our day started past noon so we missed the breakfast menu. Oops. Thats okay, we still got lunch! I had the buffalo chicken salad. Their house dressing is delish. I was aiming for the healthier lunch route but that quickly went down the drain with the delicious cheese soaked bread that came with it! My boyfriend got a wrap of sorts, which looked good too! Two thumbs up for \airport\"""" food, haha!"""""""
Went here for the first time 5 days ago, then went again a few days later.  It was that good.  The patio is amazing.  The tables inside are gorgeous.  The pineapple wine is very tasty (not super sweet, despite what the waitress told us).  The shrimp tacos are ok...not the best I've ever had, but still great...especially with avocado!  The fish bites and the coconut shrimp rolls are ridiculous!!  The blood orange martini is tasty.  Prices are very reasonable.  Will definitely go back...fun to sit right on the light rail :)
The Old Brass Rail has replaced Ihops and Denny's pretty much completely for me.  The breakfast is just perfect for me and its 3 bucks!  2 eggs any way you want it, 3 bacon/sausage, hash browns and 2 slices of toast.  I eat pretty much all of it and I'm neither stuffed and slothy nor wanting more.  3 bucks!\n\nI gotta say once in a while the bacon is a little bit too crispy, and the hash browns aren't as crispy as I like it, but hey for 3 bucks I'm taking that risk every time!  And its not like I haven't paid more for flops at a more expensive place before.  \n\nI would also recommend the spicy/seasoned fries.  Very good.  Other than that, the sandwiches and burgers are pretty run of the mill.  Good pricing of course.\n\nThey also have dinner specials.  I think something like meat loaf dinners and pork chop dinners on certain nights for like 5 bucks.  Never tried it but have been meaning to.\n\nAll in all, this place is pretty awesome once you get past the dark, dingy atmosphere.  But I think its on purpose.  :)
Great place for going to the movies. I like this place for a lot of reasons, here are some of them.....\n\n1. Clean , no smells, my feet never stick to the floor \n2. I feel safe  there and in the parking lot\n3. The people that work there seem to understand what I am saying \n4. there are many theaters so I  can almost always find a movie at the right time\n5. I can eat an okay dinner and get  to  the movie ( Baja Fresh , Panda Express,  Wildflower Bread Co. , Claim Jumper etc)\n6. They never freak when I bring a drink from another place\n7. My friends can find the place easily \n8. Rarely packed out even for brand new releases
The pizza really is very good. \n\nI came to Phoenix on business and since I am a single, I was seated at the bar in 10 minutes after being quoted the typical 1 hr and 15min at 7 pm. \n\nIf the restaurant reads these reviews, I would suggest purse hooks at the bar. It makes things easier for the ladies. There is also no dessert...interesting. I have an expense account and wanted to spend more. \n\nOther than that, the guys working the brick oven are excellent.\n\nWell done Pizzeria Bianco!
I am here on business and found this place for lunch.  It has a diner feel to it and a very cool atmosphere/ambiance.\n\nGreat service (they do team service at this restaurant) even though it was a very busy lunch crowd.  The food is plentiful.  I ordered a lunch special and it was a big plate of food, enough for 2 people easily.\n\nThe food is great.  I had chicken and pulled pork.  We also had the fried pickles which are excellent.  They do fried pickle spears here.  In other places I've only had pickle chips.\n\nI didn't care for their regular unsweetened iced tea.  It had an odd/off flavor to it.\n\nOther than that, a good solid lunch place.
Outside of building is plain and doesn't pull you in but the food was really good! It is soul food and home made fresh as you wait not sitting in a pan waiting to dish up so it takes some time to get your order. I had the chicken fried steak you could cut it with a fork, Mac and cheese that was very creamy and much better then anything I have had in a while, Sweet Potato's that had flavor all the way through soaked into each spud. Yummy I couldn't finish it all there was so much, lots of food for a lunch so be prepared to take home a container. Corn bread was a little dry but you are suppose to use it to soak up your gravy as they do in the south so remember that it is not to be eatin dry as I think most are trying to do.\n\nStaff is not overly friendly but they are not rude by any means. Good home cooked food which are the basics of the southern soul cooking.\n\nIf your looking for a high priced upper scale place this is not it! It is home cooked food in a basic diner feel that you would find in Alabama or a small town in Georgia  \n\nWorth stopping by for good home cooked meal done southern style!
If you love flavor you'll love Sens!  I wouldn't come to this place hungry but they do offer dishes that will satisfy your taste buds. Pineapple Ginger tofu with ginger dipping sauce is awesome!  But be careful, these tiny squares come piping hot!  Poke holes in the tofu to help cool them off.  The Spicy Wontons are a great addition. This dish comes with a ginger sauce and wasabi dipping sauce which give the wontons more flavor.  My favorite dish and its not on the menu is the Sizzling Shrimp.  This dish packs some fire!  Your mouth will be on fire but its worth the taste.  \n\nDrinks are amazing!  I highly recommend Lust, with Svedka Citron vodka, raspberry puree, and fresh lime.  Strawberry Basil is my second favorite.  For dessert, I tried the Sweet Wontons.  Goat & cream cheese wonton in a peach puree sauce....yum!  I loved this dessert but it left me wanting more.  Only two tiny wontons complete this dish.  I would get this dish again if they would throw more wontons on the plate or make them bigger.  \n\nGreat local place in Central Phoenix.  For a First Friday night it was pretty quiet.  I would visit this place again for the great bites and interesting atmosphere.
I had the honor of hanging out with three lovely ladies after stopping at Filmbar for a happy hour. We were STARVING so I looked up restaurants close by and The Arrogant Butcher was agreed on by all parties. After wandering aimlessly for parking (damn you Phoenix Suns for having a game) I was able to secure a parking spot and sashayed on over for some eats. \n\nWe were greeted and seated immediately. The decor I must say is very different but nice. I was fascinated by their lamp shades. ( I know silly but hey I was) We started out with the crusty bread and olive oil however we had no plates, but we dug in anyway (an let me just say this was some damn good bread) Our waitress was like hmm would you guys like some plates for your bread? Hmm yes please ( ya think) lol  We all ordered something different from the sweet potato tortelli, yum, the turkey sloppy joe, which had a slight kick but not as spicy as you would think, fish and chips, and of course my dish which was black mussels with pommes frites. OMG! My dish was actually on the appetizer menu and let me just say I was in heaven when my dish arrived. It had the most mussels I have have ever had and the fries were just perfect. There were even bits of pork shoulder as well as cloves of garlic throughout the dish. Sweet baby jesus. Now mind you I was full, but I ate every last bit as it was not like I could take any left overs home. I liked it so much that I am contemplating going back ASAP just to have some more, so yes it was that good. A word to the wise, if you order a side of chicken let it be known that it will be a small portion for $4.00. A very small portion. (that is all)\n\nThe service was good, the company was freaking fabulous and the food was divine. They even validate parking (thank goodness) so it made it all the better. An all around win in my book.
The only thing you can say critically about the Thai House is the location isn't a home run.  But get past that, and get inside because the food is top shelf and the recepies are authentic making this a fave five spot for my family.  Start with a Thai Iced Tea, try a spicy soup, and don't miss the curry - but beware of the heat index and order according to your ability to enjoy flame in your flavor!  My personal favorite is tradtional Pad Thai - the perfect balance of peanut and chili spice with sticky noodles & chicken...
Visiting from out of town and friends took us here.  When I heard it was IN the Scottsdale airport, I was skeptical.  But what a great time!  The friend had a quesadilla, which was not on the menu, but her favorite.  The waitress checked and said the chef coudl prepare it.  The other 3 of us had the BLT - simply superb.  And the attendant  sweet potato fries were also very good.  The fun of the place was watching the private jets arrive, and entire families - grandparents, young adults, kids, babies and dogs - piling off the jet and into cars that had drawn up next to the plane on the tarmac.  What a great way to travel - no TSA, no luggage charges, no long waits at baggage claim.  Highly entertaining, with a large dose of jealousy.
"""In short: Great pizza and Italian food, if you don't mind the crowd and waiting a bit.\n\nI've been going here for the last 5 years, it's close by to my place so I usually just drop by in the off hours for a bite to eat.  It's pretty conveniently located near Mill and University, close by to all the bars at Mill.  The atmosphere is great, very relaxed and casual, without the usual pompous and fake Italian restaurant feel.  It is full of college kids most of the time, so atmosphere is a bit more lively than most other family restaurants.  You have the choice of sitting at the bar, inside booths or an outside table.  I like it outside as long as it's not in the summer, but they do have misters and shade so it's not all that bad.  Like some of the other reviewers noted, wait time can exceed even an hour around peak dinner and lunch times.  If you go off peak say around an hour after the usual lunch or dinner times, then you can get seated right away or maybe a 15 min wait at max.  \n\nThe pizza is the best thing here, there's a bunch of choices or you can build your own.  I'm quite fond of the Frisco and the '45 minute wait' stuffed crust.  But I recommend having an appetizer or two before dinner, I love the wings (Wings of fire and Royal gold are the best) or the garlic bread.  Another good starter is the Beafstro salad but it's a humongous plate of beef and salad, the best of all worlds.  I also like their numerous sandwiches, and various pasta combinations.  Baked ziti is amazing and like pretty much every other item on the menu it's huge.  You should definitely top your experience off with a pazookie for dessert, it's absolutely delicious, I get one every time I go.\n\nThe prices are great too, their 18\ pizzas is about 20$ and it'll comfortably feed 2-4 depending on how hungry you are.  Also you can definitely share any of the other items, making this place a perfect place to have a very cozy and intimate meal."""""""
I do wish there were 1/2 stars, but in this case, I'd give JW a 3.5.  The location is excellent, and the decor and ambience are very nice.  The service was very good, although we did have to ask a second time for one of our drinks.  We had a small party of 3, and the waitress was quite nice and attentive.  We all tasted each other's dishes (which is sort of like a given whenever you go to a Chinese restaurant).  First of all, the wonton soup was delicious, the dumplings wrapped tight with the pastry just the right thickness, and the broth was perfect.  My wife had a shrimp dish, which consisted of large steamed shrimp seasoned with a combination of sweet and spicy, which were marvelous.  Our friend had dumplings, both chicken and pork.  They were delicious as well.  My shrimp with lobster sauce was very well done.  I have difficulty giving it a perfect score, not because it wasn't done well, but because their recipe included black beans, that is not really my taste.  But I will go back and the next time ask for no beans.  I did clean my plate, however.
Great prices and great food! Loved the menu selections and the small plates that allowed us to try many different plates. The chili and mac and cheese was amazing! Really enjoyed the service and happy hour menu was awesome as well. \n\nCool ambiance and the service was great as well. Their drink selection is quite different as well which was awesome to get a little different tastes throughout the meal. \n\nWould go here much more often if I lived closer!
This was on my boyfriend's top 3 fast food places.  I saw they had 1 in AZ and I knew we had to come.  I was impressed because it's different from your typical burger & fries type of joint.  They have a variety of about 5 milkshakes which were thick & creamy.  I opted for the classic chicken sandwich which was really good - bun, fried chx fillet, and pickles.  They also serve breakfast burritos, and chx biscuits.   \nThe place was really clean and not grungy or run down.  I wish they had locations in the bay area.
Cute, happened by chance going to Giant coffee.  While waiting for my overpriced coffee, I happened on a skin care line for men, so had to buy a few things.  The shop is very cute.  They had a few men's clothes which looked kind of cool.  I didn't spend much time here.\n\nThe nice lady who is the owner gave me a few other skin care samples and was very helpful.  I will definitely check it out again, and beef up the review.\n\nPleasant,  funky little boutique.
I always look for Cuban food when I'm traveling as I haven't found a good place near where I live.  Since I was visiting friends in Chandler I thought to check out Yelp.  My friends were game so we headed to Mimita's.\n\nThe decor wasn't much but as soon as the smell of the food hit me, the tables and chairs didn't matter.  We had an order of the croquetas de jamon and mariquitas.  The croquetas were a bit small and mushy which were ok but not my favorite.  The mariquitas were really good but would have been better if it was served with a little salsa.  Maybe a mango salsa.  It was lunch so most of us ordered different sandwiches.  My bistec sandwich was oh-so-tasty! I ordered the yucca fries but preferred the fries on my mom's plate.\n\nMy friends loved the place and were so excited we found it.  They said they will definitely go back...and I wouldn't object if we went there when I visit again!
Been there for 2 company type Xmas parties and one time after getting my new car around that area. \n\nIts actually pretty decent, I would probably give it 3.5 stars but no option and am cool, so will bump it up to 4 even though it is really more a 3.5, but when in doubt and no clear cut bad experience then using my discretion and my former Yelping experience, I will go to the 4 mark. \n\nThe 2 Xmas parties, last year and this year were well catered. The chips and salsa were flowing and the margs were good. I like the white chicken enchilada thing and the apple desert burrito/crepe was very good. The service was very professional too. Good place to host a company party for sure. \n\nI will have to say, when I went (paid for myself) it just didn't seem as good when someone else is paying for it? When we went we had 2 entrees, and 2 margaritas and it was like $60, and that kind of hit home, and at times, it does seem a bit bland. \n\nBut if in that area, and want some decent food, with good chips and salsa in a nice atmosphere, you can't go too wrong with Cantina Laredo!
Went to Fate while roaming around at First Friday.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect because of the mixed reviews. But, my experience was very positive and pleasant. \n\nWe got there early and put our name on the list. The staff was very nice about keeping us updated on where we were.  Once we were seated (inside) the server was nice and attentive. No discernable 'tude.  Love the space BTW...very tiny but very cool with the exposed brick and rafters....and dark....also...I would really like it if restaurants lit with candles would print their menus in a larger than 3 pt. font.  Or maybe I could just break down and buy some reading glasses. :)\n\nWe got the spring rolls as an app. They were good but a little odd (austere..ha)...they were filled entirely with celophane noodles (they may call them something else) with basil leaves rolled in with the wrapper.  They were served with a spicy sauce that complimented them nicely. \n\nOK...sooo...I don' t really remember exactly what our entrees were called (please refer to top paragraph). But we had shrimp and chicken dishes. Mine was spicy chicken, hers was shrimp and wasn't.  Both were quite good.  I would definitely eat here again.
"""I love mitchell dog park!\nits probably the biggest in the area, and it's usually full of nice owners and good dogs that range in temperment from happy go lucky to slothful to mildy aggressive\nbut i have never seen a full out dog fight here so thats good, most owners will jump to it the minute their dog starts getting rowdy and apologize frantically.\nI have to voice some of my qualms though just to explain why i am not giving this lovely park a 5 star rating:\nthis goes out to all the \dog freaks\"""" out there. I myself am a dog person, i love dogs! i understand the way they act and think. they want to play and sniff and hump, they need to nip and jump and get a little rowdy. its their language. a dog needs to assert the pack order, regardless of where they are at. sadly some dog owners treat their pooches like their children, and thats where all the problems come in, enter the \""""dog freaks\""""\nnow there is one lady in particular who really, really, gets my goat. She has a great dane the size of a small pony, and this dog towers over my 70lb airedale, a big boy in his own right. Well my goof ball dog and i had the bad luck of running into great dane lady several times. Seems like she was always there for a little while.\nIn our first encounter she was highly neurotic wandering around fussing over this highstrung mini pinscher whom, she had assumed been abandoned by its owner (who was sitting quietly in the far corner) she kept walking around with it in her arms saying \""""whose mini peen sherr is this?? whose mini peen sherr is this!? well i guess you've got a new friend girl (said to her horse dog)\""""\nfinally the owner comes over calls his dogs, the mini pinscher leaps out of her arms and scurries to his master they leave.\nNow my dog is def an alpha male, and likes everyone to know it. whenever a new dog comes in he barrels over to the entrance overexcitedly in a desperate effort to get the first sniff. \nWell enter Great Dane Lady again, she takes the liberty to grab my dogs collar every time he tries to run to the gate and says in an annoyed raised voice \""""IS THIS YOUR DOG!!?? IS HE FIXEDDD???\""""\n\""""yes\"""" i reply \""""could you please let go of him?\"""" \""""FINE! BUT YOU SHOULD THINK ABOUT OBEDIENCE SCHOOL!\"""" wow umm fuck you? who the hell is she to tell me how to raise my dog?\nAnother instance my ex girl friend was walking my dog to mitchell while i was at work and the minute she stepped inside, Great Dane Lady looks at her and my dog in contempt and says \""""WE'RE LEAVING BECAUSE OF YOUR DOG!\"""" what a bitch!\nokay now that im done with my tangent; mitchell is a great park, just beware of the \""""dog freaks\"""" who will try to make you feel like crap if you have a hyper dog.\np.s. whitey and his owner are usually drunk/high but they're nice enough, i actually shared a mickey's out of a styrofoam cup with Whiteys owner, he's harmless."""""""
"""The key to Defalcos is calling IN your order before arriving.  This place is awesome but its SWAMPED at lunch time.  You'll end up eating your lunch for dinner if you dont plan accordingly.  \n\nThey make fresh sandwhiches and salads and I've never had an \off\"""" meal there.  Try something Itialian...its what they do best, my favorite its the meatball sub.  Also the antipasto salad ranks right on up there.\n\nIn the grocery section, you'll find specialty items to take home... homemade pastas, spices etc.  Delicious!!"""""""
Paradise Bakery is a really good sandwich/bakery chain. It's comparable to Panera (side note: Panera needs to open up in the Valley; you Phoenicians are missing out on another really good sandwich chain). The only major drawback is the lack of details given to you about the order process. This was the first time I ever went to a Paradise Bakery, so I was slightly confused by the process to put together your meal. You order a sandwich first, then go down the line to order a salad or soup if you so desire, then order extras at the end. It sounds simple, but in person it wasn't that intuitive. I kept getting blank stares from the people behind the counter when I was going down the line and not doing anything. There is plenty of seating inside and a few tables outside, although when your outside your sitting in a parking lot along Glendale, so it's not worth it. I had the Ham & Brie sandwich with a side of the Paradise Pasta salad. Take note, you are given a cookie with your sandwich, so you don't need to order a cookie at the end like I did, only to be surprised by the cookie with the sandwich. The sandwich was really good. It was ham with melted brie cheese, honey mustard, and slices of green apples. It was really good. The flavors all worked really well together to create a great sandwich. The pasta salad also tasted great. The cookies are what Paradise is known for and they didn't disappoint. The oatmeal raisin is excellent, as is the white chocolate macadamia nut. Overall, if you're looking for a good place for sandwiches and sweets, head to Paradise, even though it's a large chain. They're all over the Valley.
"""Guys, skip applebees, this is where to take a lady. It's not expensive, there's delicious bruchetta and salads disguised as \trendy\"""" \""""light\"""" food, and great drinks. It's very laid back and the service is very accommodating and fun. Here you'll see small groups of girls/women dining, and a multitude of couples. I definitely recommend the bruchetta and grab a glass or two of wine. \nThey have a large screen playing movies (last time I was in it was playing Lebowski...so PLUS!) and the whole ambiance/design/decor what have you is relaxing, rustic, and unique. A great place for lunch or dinner. They also had some good tunes playing. Very urban rustic casual...if that even makes sense. check it out!"""""""
This is only my second time here in 2 years and then it was funky yet chaotic because it was so new. This time was very laid back, great music great Happy Hour prices, food was excellent and had a great variety of appetizers to choose from. My date ordered me the pikachu..tasty..not too sweet..just right..Goldilocks would be pleased. Bartenders were friendly but not stalker like. All in all a fantastic experience..highly recommended especially for Happy Hour. Oh and how can I forget...their toilets are interactive..you'll know what I mean. ;p
This is a gorgeous restaurant in Chandler.  It has a patio, bar with several TV screens tuned to sports, and a large set of booths for the anyone who wants.\n\nThe service was rapid and friendly by pretty waitresses.  I had a spicy salad one night and grilled salmon on another.  Both had unusual ingredients like toasted corn and were delicious and a great portion size for me.  I will definitely return to this grille for the bar and the rest of the menu.\n\nIt seemed like a good place to have a party on the patio, an intimate evening with a date, and anything else.  The music was loud enough to enjoy, but much quieter than most places with a sports bar in them.
I went here tonight for dinner (take-out), and it was pretty tasty. The rice is yummy, the beans were good. I got the #7 which was bisteces steak & onions - it was good, but next time I would probably try the chicken enchiladas, because those look awesome.\n\nI also got a super fresh, super delicious horchata. And the man who took my order (I'm pretty sure it's the owner) topped it off. (That's awesome!)\n\nThe place was VERY clean, quite a few booths available, had a TV. Anyway, I loved it and I'll be going back again for sure.
I live uptown with two grocery stores within walking distance, but what drew me into Oakville was a mention in the AZ Republic about their arancini -- which they were preparing as I was asking for them, so I got them fresh from the oven. Though they were not traditional arancini like I've had in Sicilia, they were still very tasty. \n\nThe store itself is cute and small with lots of specialty products. They have a pretty nice seating area inside and more outside. The staff was still new/nervous but very friendly. Not a place I would buy my regular groceries (it's pricier than Safeway or Frys, etc.) but I would definitely go back for lunch.\n\n Glad to see a market downtown and more space filled in CityScape.
Searching for a treasure?  This is the place for you.  You never know what you will find when you go in the store.  For that reason, don't go in thinking you are going to find exactly what you had in mind.  They may have something similar, but not exactly.\n\nThey have everything from luggage, toys, housewares, bedding, towels, outdoor decor...  It just depends on what they get in their shipments.\n\nI really like the way this store is set up.  It has a lot of light and the isles are a little easier to manuver in then some of the other Tuesday Morning stores.
Wow. I have known this place existed for years, but I always figured it was just a chain and probably wouldn't be very impressive. I went here for lunch the other day for the first time, and it was soooooooo good!!! I just got the basic gyro pita, and it was really really tasty. Probably the best gyro I have ever had (and I have had many). Everything tasted fresh, the meat wasn't too greasy, the pita was soft and fluffy and the taziki(sp?) was very good. The fries were also delicious. Nice and crispy. My lunch date got the Greek fries which were other worldly. I will be ordering those next time! Their prices are very reasonable, and our waitress was nice and not annoying! I will be getting lunch here more often now, especially since I work directly across the street!
Is there a bicycle shop that's not staffed by cool dudes?  \n\nI'm telling you, all cool dudes work at bicycle shops and this one was no exception.\n\nCame in here while training for the Tour de Tucson.  \n\nAfter riding some 70+ miles, I decided to stop in here for a bathroom stop.  \n\nWhile there, I started browsing and liking the vibe, decided to order a sandwich for lunch.  \n\nI think the sandwich was $7.95 . . . large portions with either soup or salad.  Full of flavor . . . just what I needed to refuel.\n\nPlus, I got to eye candy some cool bicycle dudes . . . can't ask for more!
Ok...I know you've heard it before...but the lentil soup is a definite 5 star! It is absolutely delicious...so much so that I wanted to lick the bowl...but I didn't, I just spoon licked it instead (you know....scraping and scraping until it's gone?)...yum. The other food that my friend and I got was good, but not even close to as good as that soup (which is definitely what I'm getting next time). I got the chicken biryani and my friend got the chicken curry. My chicken was good...it was a little spicy, but also a little sweet with a cinnamon -y flavor to it. My friend's curry was a typical curry...nothing terribly special. The service here was super slow...we waited like 20 minutes to even get water....which is unfortunate, but I can kind of understand it because it is only one girl running the whole front of house and she was busy. Despite this, it was still frustrating to just sit there and wait for so long. However, the good did outweigh the bad and I always like to go to family run restaurants, so I'll be back.
For those travelers looking for a quick bite to eat, but prefer something fresher than your regular airport Chili's, look at the new Olive and Ivy located across from Gate A4 in Terminal 4. Last year the City of Phoenix made a great decision when renewing their food service contracts to push vendors to bring in versions of local restaurants found thought the Valley. Here at Olive and Ivy, you'll find a fresh panini or two (recommend the Pastrami), a few salads and select coffee drinks made to order.
"""I've lived here for almost a year now. I've always eyed Solara while living a bit closer to ASU and I finally decided to move in. Of course I am always automatically attracted to modern looking exterior paint and interesting ground layouts so I definitely got suckered into that. \nAs far as the renting process had gone, it was pretty average. I'm not the most experienced when it comes to renting so they dealt with my naivity in the nicest way possible. I wish I could remember the representative in the office that helped me with my lease but he was great! A younger, friendly guy who had been there for a while. I had toured the complex before but previous roommates didn't pass the background check so I was pleasantly surprised that I was approved WITHOUT my parent/cosignor! \nMove in was easy enough. The first half of my time here has been just fine. I like the feel of the apartments although it is true that they are a little older. I've been in a lot of \college\"""" apartments and it's a lot less dingy and damaged than others. My one bedroom feels very open and spacious. The bathroom is not claustrophobic which is a major deal breaker for me. Also, my clothing addiction was enabled by the HUGE walk-in closet which is fantastic! A huge walk in AND a hall closet and cupboards-I still have plenty of space and more. I looove the gym and the pools. It's a huge step up from most amentities in the Tempe or college area.\nI've had a few cockroach problems. Nothing too scary but I'm not too grossed out by bugs. No giant sewer creatures-easily fixed with some roach motels and upkeeping trash and dishes.\nA far as maintenence goes I've had decent experiences. I've never lived in an apartment complex that actually COMES when I ask. I had an emergency in the middle of the night and the maintence dude came promptly and saved me a lot of heartache. So thumbs up to them. \nThe past 2 months or so have been the only times in which I've felt a bit uncomfortable in the place. The office staff keeps changing every time I call or come in and I haven't seen my original representative guy around any more. When ever I visit the office I feel like I'm interupting them even though I try my best to address exactly what I need in a polite manner. There was some confusion with rent and payments this month and I felt like I had kicked the guys dog by coming in to clarify what was due and in what form it should be received. How dare I ask to write down the amount as well. I don't have to talk to these people every day so it's not a deal breaker but I would like to feel like they give a shit about how approachable they are instead of feeling like I am annoying them after I've signed the lease. I guess I just have really high standards when it comes to customer service and I'm a bit hypersensitive but I still feel really put off when I feel like I haved called a very depressed and uninterested crypt keeper for some apartment help. \nLastly, I will not be renewing my lease for another year. Although I love my apartment set up itself, they offered me a renewal for OVER a hundred dollars more than I pay rent now. And thats before utilities and other fees! For that, I will take my money some where that's more accessible to my usual spots near ASU. My apartment is worth exactly what I am currently paying-which is why I chose Solara in the first place!It makes me wonder if others have been suckered into how trendy looking Solara is or if they actually have more to offer...somehow. Of course, I would recommend these apartments as long as they have a reasonable rental price. Let's hope my move-out doesn't change my rating."""""""
Carly's is the quintessential Roosevelt Row bar: vibrant, eclectic, friendly, unpretentious.  They have great beer (including a fantastic rotating tap), solid sandwiches and friendly attentive staff.  To top things of, they are steps away from light rail, which comes in handy when you're running for the last train of the evening.  \n\nLike First Fridays, what makes the place great are the electric group of people who hang out here.  As a result, Carly's is a great place to people watch, hang out and engage in weird and wonderful conversations with complete strangers who may just become your best friends.
Being from California, I've been going to In-N-Out for years.  Their employees are always the best fast food employees in the business.  The reason?  My guess is they get the best because they pay nearly 40% more than other fast food joints (on average)!  \n\nThe secret menu and super secret menu make ordering more fun.  I always order hot peppers with my food and shhh... you can order some, too.  I also have enjoyed fries made crispy and unsalted and I have also ordered my fries animal style.  The biggest burger you can get now is a 4 x 4, but I remember back in the day someone ordering an 8 x 8 and even hearing of someone even getting a 20 x 20.\n\nThis particular location has always had exceptionally cheerful employees.  \n\nThe orientation of the building to the parking lot makes it hard to get to the drive thru during busy times.  Of course, this is a problem with a lot of In-N-Out restaurants.\n\nThe only other comment I have is that I hate ketchup dispensers and always order the packets.  On my last visit I found a hair stuck to the spout of the dispenser.  It's just gross to see a hair just waving at you when you're pumping out your condiments.\n\nIn-N-Out may not be the best burger, but it is definitely leagues ahead of most of the other chains.
My first meal at Jim's was over four years ago... i went to lunch with my friend Tom. It was love at first sight... (not with me and Tom; with me and Jim's!)  Jim's reminded me of the old school diner types of Coney Island restaurants I grew up going to in Michigan.  I had a tasty Greek Salad, warm pita bread, great service, and while Tom picked up the bill, I remember the prices being moderate.  All that and it took me approximately four years to return.\n\nBut I finally made it back to Jim's today... and it was just as good, if not better, than I remembered!  As a matter of fact, I may just add Jim's to my rotation for favorite lunch (and breakfast) spots in town!\n\nHere's why:\n*Excellent service! Della was our waitress and she was awesome... she was patient with our party of four, she joked around with us, got our orders right, kept our drinks filled, and had an amazing looking green studded belt on to boot!\n*Excellent food with lots of choices! You want breakfast food? They've got it!  You want salad? There are several choices! Gyros - sure thing... and if you get a sandwich, you get your choice of sides including cottage cheese, french fries, apple sauce, tomatoes, and more!\n*Moderate prices and large portions!\n*Old school decor!\n*Comfy booths!\n\nThanks for sharing a fun lunch with me today, Brandon, Blair, and Lindsey... and glad I beat you to reviewing Jim's!  Let's do it again soon!
If you're not Hispanic or look Hispanic you might turn some heads going into this place. Speaking or at least understanding Spanish would also be a plus as the menu is mostly in Spanish with a little English to help out the Anglos a bit. \n\nThey have a juke box with Mexican music that was playing very loud , so loud that I was tempted to leave when I first walked in but I'm glad I stayed. \n\nVery authentic Mexican food and the portions are huge. Service was fast and friendly even after the waitress found out I don't speak Spanish?
Say what you will about hipsters and about how small the place is--in my opinion, Stinkweeds is great and I fully support them. Kimber and staff are friendly and know their stuff and they are more than willing to order items that they do not stock just for you, without any charge. Stinkweeds is an AZ institution-- formerly two locations (one in Tempe), this location is located in a part of downtown easily accessible via Light Rail. The selection (more CDs than vinyl) can be a little hit or miss, but they try their best to stock the classics and the essentials. Their listening stations tend to lean more towards what is hip in the indie world these days, but they do carry local music as well. I'd say the selection is really a three-star for me, but I rounded up because they are nice folks and I feel it is important to support local businesses. Some of the mark-ups are a little bad, but they do carry things you can't find in other shops in Phoenix, so I guess that is the price you pay. There is ample parking in the back, and if you pay attention, they host some great in-stores as well.
I have been going to Tarbell's for years and have never been disappointed.  They have an excellent wine list.\n\nThe food selection is diverse and uniformly excellent.\n\nWhenever I go to Tarbell's I cannot help but remember the time I ordered an Australian Shiraz.  I think the food server got confused when he heard me remark to my companion that the Penfolds Grange was one of my all time favorite wines.  By mistake he brought the Grange, which was selling for $450 a bottle. After I told him he brought the wrong bottle, he started to walk back to the wine cellar and dropped the bottle of Grange, which shattered, spilling all that great shiraz over the restaurant's floor.\n\nI hope he did not have to pay for his accident.
A friend and I ended up at Nami yesterday by some sort of happy accident. Her car was blocked by a delivery truck over at Rice Paper, so we decided to walk over to get a coffee while we waited for the truck to move. I'm very happy we did! This place only serves vegan milks (I think.....no cow's milk, anyway). I was a bit worried that I would not be a fan, as I am not vegan. I ordered a cappuccino with soy milk (their 'base' milk) and my friend had a vanilla latte with rice milk (they said this was closest to 'skim' milk). I didn't try her coffee, but mine was very good! The consistency was right for a cappuccino, the espresso was bold without being bitter or acidic, and the whole thing was very pleasant. While we were there, tons of people came in to get ice cream. Maybe next time I should try some ice cream...it looked tasty. I did have a sample of one of their vegan chocolate baked goods and it was incredible! I was shocked! I have tried lots of vegan baked goods and have not liked them in the least, but this little chocolate nutty baked thing was spot on. There is a definite return trip in my future.
This place made a Happy in my Tummy.   Hubs picked this spot as he read about it in Phoenix Magazine.  Great Location.  Outstanding Service.  Wonderful Ambiance (sat outside).  \n\nAbsolute YUM for the variety of chips and 2 salsas to start. Hubs ordered the Carnitas (spicy pork $18) which was rich and delish...even as leftovers.  I had the Enchilada Del Mar (seafood enchilada $16) which had loads of crab and shrimp inside and out.  I asked for some type of spicy sauce to go with and the on-par waiter brought out habanero sauce that was flavorful while being mouth burning worthy (loves me some spice).\n\nMom was daring and went for the Callos De Acha y Pepitas (pumpkin crusted scallops).  WONDERFUL!!  Not for the average eater though ...have an open mind with this dish.  The huitlacoche (aka corn smut) was a tasteful preparation resembling mushrooms. (Senor Bourdain and Senor Zimmern would go for this).  The scallops were perfectly prepared and not ruined by over cooking and crusting with the pumpkin seeds.  The whole dish tasted mellow- yet earthy.  I will order this next time so I can have it all to myself. \n\nThe kid had the Mac and cheese...Best Mac I have ever tasted.  This is a good place to take well-mannered children.  (They have a great kids menu and kids cups.)
I had dinner here twice, and both times I was favorably impressed. Thai Basil is on the eastern edge of the university. It's small, but comfortable. Service was excellent and the staff was friendly and responsive.\n\nDinner #1 was chicken satay skewers as an appetizer and chicken pad thai as the entree. The appetizer was very good, especially wiath a Sapporo beer (hard to find, in my experience.) I ordered the pad thai with medium spice and it was just right---my lips were burning a bit but the heat didn't overwhelm the flavors. The entree was huge---I got though only 2/3 of it and I was hungry.\n\nDinner #2 was lemon grass soup with chicken. Again, I ordered medium spice and it was just right for me. The soup was excellent, although I had to pick out pieces of lemon grass.\n\nOverall, a good value and very good food. If I'm in the area I'll make a point of visiting.
My boyfriend & I went to Four Peaks to watch some football (unfortunately our teams are not local and aren't shown on normal channels). Four Peaks has a decent number of TV's, a good amount of seating, good beer of course, and a large menu with enough variety for everyone. The place was packed with people who were there to just eat lunch, which is a good sign for a brewpub. The service was okay...our waitress seemed pretty dumb as in it took 30 minutes and 3 reminders to get a cup of coffee and then for the next 3 hours she stopped by every 5ish minutes to ask if we were doing okay while we were talking to each other or staring intently at our game (too often of an interruption...it was annoying). We ate: \n\n- Nachos: Whoa I've never gotten nachos from a bar with so much cheese! They definitely don't skip - there had to be 1/4 inch of cheese covering each chip (yum). I didn't really like that the nacho toppings were served separately on the side which meant a lot of dipping & paying attention to the food instead of the game. \n- Garden burger: I love that they have real veggie burgers but mine was very soggy & undercooked. The bun it came on was amazing, super thick and bready and delicious. The creamy sauce, cheese, & toppings were heavy but perfect for drinking food. \n- French Dip Sandwich: My boyfriend got this and thought it was fine but nothing too special. \n- Beer Battered Fries: Yum. I was hoping they would a little more battered & thick, but instead it was a very light crunchiness on the outside of the fry. Still a very grubbing snack. \n\nI'm sure we'll be going back to Four Peaks for more football games. It also would be a good place to bring a visiting friend from out of town so they can sample some good local beer.
Yes, yes and yes. We love the kitchy Mexican decor, local drunks at the bar and awesome Phoenician staff. As residents of the (re)developing neighborhood, we couldn't be happier with this restaurant. The happy hour menu is big enough to call it dinner. The margaritas definitely do their job and are delicious to boot! Good place to meet up with friends and hang for a few hours. They serve green corn tamales, which is becoming rare for Mexican places and something we greatly appreciate!!!
Damn you cheeseburgers and how good you taste, I would be a healthier person if this deliciousness were never invented.  At least at Smashburger I have the option to negate the damage that I may be doing to my health when I eat their awesome, juicy, tasty cheeseburger by ordering their mixed-vegetable side instead of their fries.  \n\nDon't get me wrong, the fries are good.  I haven't tried the Smash Fries yet, but given the great flavor of everything else that I've eaten at Smashburger, I would imagine that those seasoned fries are damned good too.  Nevertheless, opting for the asparagus/ string beans/ carrots mixture is a good way to fool yourself into believing that you are eating a light and healthy lunch.\n\nI was also fooled when I saw my Smashburger.  Perhaps the tray that it came on was an optical illusion, but when my 1/3 lb. burger was brought to my table I thought that maybe I didn't order enough food for lunch.  Yet when I was half way through my meal I definitely realized that I had more than enough food to eat.  \n\nJust like many other new fast food restaurant concepts that are popping up all over the place, the food at Smashburger tastes as though it is fresh and of very high quality.  In the same vein, the food definitely tasted as though it was made explicitly for my order and had never seen a warming tray or a microwave.  I only wish that there were more Smashburgers in the Valley because when ASU goes back into session I would imagine that it will be very difficult to grab a quick lunch at this restaurant.
I don't usually go out of my way to review a radio station, but I've been digging listening to KWSS 106.7 a lot since coming back from NY some months ago. Never paid much attention to it prior, but it's truly a cool little quirky and local indie station found in a sea of audio sameness. \n\nLocal DJ's talking about local issues (sometimes with other local business owners, and occasionally veering into nonsensical home basement/collegiate Wayne's World/Goth Talk territory), great indie music in the evenings (when I need to have Shazam or Soundhound ready), retro afternoons, a cheesy show completely in Italian on Sunday mornings (?!), an interesting non-traditional take on the music and history of the Beatles, instant web streaming, and more. \n\nIt' feels like radio's version of Tempe, except that it'sbroadcast from Scottsdale.\n\nSo 4-ish stars. Mainly because I like this station's spirit, even if the conversations of the show hosts often veer off on the most random tangents.
"""We went here for a dinner party last Saturday.  I enjoyed the modern, clean atmosphere and the food/wine/service was outstanding!  Our waiter was knowledgeable, friendly, and gave excellent recommendations (he kind of reminded me of an adult \Manny\"""" from Modern Family ~ so I took an instant liking to him)! \nI enjoyed my Prosecco with the Burrata Caponata, Prosciutto, House-Cured Olives.  Seriously - when is Burrata ever wrong?  Delish!  \nI was also excited to see the Goat Cheese & Basil Stuffed Squash Blossoms on the menu and ordered those as well.  My only complaint was that they were deep fried - I thought that a light tempura would have been better to enhance the flavors and the presentation.  \n\nOur friends ordered The Chef Board Artisan Meats and Cheeses, Olives, Grilled Artichoke, Caponata this was excellent and enough for 4 people to share.  The Pork Oso Buco Tomato Wine Sauce, was also a hit!  My favorite of the night was the Mushroom Hazelnut Risotto.  It was so good and SO rich that I could not finish it!  \n\nWe ended our evening with one of the owners bringing us some complimentary Guapa and limoncello shots.  This complimented our tiramisu dessert!  Also - check out the happy hour menu!  I will definitely be going back!"""""""
When Christina P entrusted me with choosing the location for some good wine, good food, and good company, it was like choosing the location for my Last Supper. I used to drive up and down the same main street in Flagstaff for an hour before settling on one of only about 5 choices.  I did finally settle on Centro Paninoteca due to some positive Yelp reviews.  \n\nI was startled at how small it is upon walking in, once I found it tucked in off the street.  But I like small and comfortable and this fits the bill perfectly.  Unfortunately my first 3 wine choices were not available as the wine list is outdated.  But rest assured, I did end up with a drink in hand.  In fact, I had a drink in my other hand, too.\n\nWe ordered the fig and gorgonzola appetizer and were surprised it was a pannini, but man that was good.  The gorgonzola melted into almost a cream sauce and the the sweetness of the fig was the perfect complement to a blue cheese.  Not to mention, it's pretty good with the wine, too.  We also shared a roasted ham and provolone pannini.  The addition of roasted green chiles added the spiciness I have to have in almost every meal.\n\nSince my husband is not a wine drinker, we usually don't go to wine bars, but I was happy to report to him they have a full bar and he can go comfortably in his finest t-shirt and flip flops.  Centro Paninoteca may just give me a reason to venture north of Indian Bend after all.
Oooooohh, I had a GOOD time here. It's a fun lively place for some good grub and more than a few beers. It's in a residential neighborhood in Tempe. I had calamri as an appetizer-the marinara is AWESOME has a little bit of a kick. This was followed by fish and chips:one of the best I've had in Arizona (I'm sadly resolved to the fact that I probably won't get good English-style fish and chips anywhere in The Valley, so this will do) There's nothing I can say about the beer that hasn't been said, but their summer seasonal was amazing and I could have stayed there all night putting many away. The only downside is the lack of parking. I had to park down a dead-end dirt road.Trying to turn my SUV around was like that scene in Austin Powers with the cart in Dr. Evil's lair. That notwithstanding, this is another not-so-hidden gem in The Valley
After waiting for seemingly FOREVER for this location to open, it took me a few weeks to get to actually eat at the downtown Pita Jungle.  It was initially a little confusing.  We rode our bikes from my place downtown, and locked them to a tree on 3rd Ave. side.  Not sure if there are bike racks on the patio side, which seems to be the main entrance.  There must be a parking lot back there, as all things Phoenix seem to revolve around the car.  We entered from the Roosevelt side, and a sign pointed us to a host station across the dining room.\n\nWe went in and out a couple of times (bike lights, water bottles, etc.), which seemed to attract a hostess to our side of the building.  We were seated where we could keep an eye on our bikes, which we appreciated.  Our server was upon us before my friend was even seated, offering drinks.  I hadn't even been able to scan the beer/wine menu, so she brought me a water in the meantime. \n\nI was not impressed with the beer selection at all.  It was pretty limited.  I got the salmon dinner, which included wilted spinach and garlic smashed potatoes.  These are three of my favorite things.  They arrived quickly, and were hot.  I was less than pleased that my spinach was served heaped upon my potatoes and topped with the salmon.  I was ok with the spinach and salmon touching, but didn't really dig the spinach juices soaking into my potatoes.  But maybe that's just me.\n\nMy friend ordered the spanikopita and said it was ok.  She also got the pita melt, and said that was good.  A couple of other friends who also live downtown rode their bikes up shortly after our entrees arrived.  They got the hummus, and had to request extra pitas, as the two it included were simply not adequate.  He got the falafel.  She got the chicken lavosh.  The turtle cheesecake was delicious.  My friend enjoyed the rice pudding, which is made in-house.\n\nI really dug what the Pita Jungle has done with the physical space.  It's huge and open.  There's a ginormous patio, too.  Not sure about the heating/cooling options outside, as we ate in the dining room area (as opposed to the bar area or the patio).  I LOVE the location.  It's a nice bike ride from my house.  It has a very chill, urban feel.  I hope downtown folks support this latest Pita Jungle venture.
So, when a brewery stops making their own beer and has another brewery contract brew it for them....are they still a brewery? It doesnt matter here. They have an AMAZING selection of beer! More handles than you see just about anywhere else and they all rotate!!! There is something different here every time I go. If you dont like what they have on tap (I cant see how that could ever be possible), they have one of the largest bottle selections in the Valley. You can get the bottled selections and or a growler of any of the draft beers to go as well. Pretty cool. Try the Elsie's Irish Cream Milk Stout if they have it! Just effin beautiful!!!\n\nAs with most brew pubs, they focus on beer, not food. It's unfortunate because when I sit and drink great beer for a while, I want great food to go with it. Their food offerings are ok. Just nothing to get excited about.\n\nDefinitely hit this place up if you're in the area. If you're not, then wait til the weekend and make the drive. If you like great beer and sampling different kinds of beer in the same session, this is the place!
Voted 2nd best Sangria in Phoenix.... well naturally you wonder who was crowned wiht the honor of first.  That is what we were left to ponder while we enjoyed the many varieties of soft tacos.\n\nThe waiter was friendly and recommended the 2nd best sangria in town (orange sangria made of oranges, mango and other tastey delights).  He unfortunately could not recall the first place winner.  He also recommended the tacos and naco torta.  We sampled all the soft tacos and the favorite was the cochinita and carne asada.  The one minor down fall was tacos are heavily loaded so it could use a second tortilla to better support the contents.  The naco torta was also delicious.  Nicely season and just a great combination of ingredients (steak, avacado, over easy eggs).\n\nThe prices are very reasonable and a great find.  There was no wait and just enough patrons to keep the food fresh but not become an overrated hot spot.
"""We found this place by using Google maps to see what breakfast places were near my car dealership. When I saw that it's run by the same people that own Serrano's I knew it would be good.\n\nThe place is small, but big at the same time (if that makes sense). We didnt have to wait too long. The service was good, our waitress was prompt and attentive for the most part.\n\nThe food was great. My husband got the basic farm scramble and when it got to the table he said \Thank God for them, their bacon is crispy.\"""" To which I replied \""""Ha ha, THAT is going in my Yelp review.\"""" Needless to say, he enjoyed it.\n\nI had the denver omelet. It was really good. The ham they use is actual spiral ham diced up, not deli ham like a lot of other places.\n\nWe both made the mistake of ordering the biscuit instead of toast. It wasnt a mistake because it wasnt tasty, no no. It was a mistake because it was HUGE. And pretty dense, but still delicious.\n\nIf youre looking for a breakfast place in Chandler, I recommend this one."""""""
"""The concept behind Five Guys takes fast food to a new level. I call it \Premium Fast Food\"""". After all, plan on paying about a 40% premium over the scarf and barf places that are on every corner. But there is a reason to pay more. Five Guys is labor-intensive. They employ actual people who are friendly, fun, dedicated and efficient. Where the Arcadia store finds these people is a mystery but I'm glad they do. \n\nThe menu is very simple. They sell burgers with one veggie and one cheese sandwich option and a hot dog. That's the menu. When they say \""""Burgers and Fries\"""", they mean it. Instead of a smashed mess with a quarter-inch thick piece of mystery meat in it, Five Guys delivers quality meat, hand formed patties, hand assembled while you watch and a real human touch with others lack. But I can eat and enjoy a Bacon Cheeseburger there and be stuffed, not wondering what is going to get me through the rest of the day. It's darn tasty, too and worth the drive out of my way. \n\nAlso, if you want to delve into the health aspect, this is much healthier fast food in terms of fat, calories from fat, sodium, etc. The customer is in charge of what goes on the burger, too. Want to cut the sodium, order without the bacon. Simple choices. \n\nI also love the Coca-Cola machines which are self-serve. They offer a myriad of soft drinks you can't buy in stores like Lime Coke and Raspberry Coke. Mmmm."""""""
Went here with a friend who had been raving about their 'gourmet' pizza for months. She only knew of the one in Mesa but I stumbled upon this one while out for a ride on my bike, motor-less. Decided to take her there for a couple reasons a) cuz she's pretty cool and b) cuz if I don't like it I can totally rip on her and her tastes.\n\nBut dang! I really loved this place! So what if I'm in search of the best pizza in a city new to me? This pizza was so good I couldn't even bother comparing it to my fave 'back home.' \n\nWe split a chicken caesar salad. The dressing was tasty and I really enjoyed the pulled-style all white chicken. Then onto the pepperoni and mushroom pizza. I loved how thin and crispy it was, the pepperoni was of really exceptional quality but it literally comes down to the sauce. Yeah, it's not just a catchy name for the joint; it makes the pizza!\n\nMy only complaint would be the selection of beer. Wine is becoming more and more accessible and I can totally get on board with the idea of wine and pizza or wine and just about anything else, but sometimes I want a beer. They have maybe 6 brands of beer and some are totally appropriate, such as Peroni. I just would like to have seen a bigger selection.\n\nAnd I think someone else has mentioned the fact that the restroom is very small; true. It wasn't crowded when we were there so I think I'd be pissed if I'd been drinking and it was crowded and I did need to go. Other than that, I really dig this place and can totally see myself going back for a casual dinner or even making the little trek for lunch.
I was a bit reluctant to try this place based on some of the bad reviews that it has gotten on Yelp, but I decided to give it the benefit of the doubt and give it a try anyway.  Honestly I think some of the complaints influenced the place to change things around, because the music was low (I had read other reviews claiming it to be loud and obnoxious).  I sat in the bar area and it was a good volume to enjoy the ambiance and have a conversation.  The sushi chefs were very nice and attentive.  The waitstaff and servers were all smiles.  And the sushi was pretty good.  I especially loved the seared albacore nigiri (always my favorite).  The rolls were tasty, especially the lobster avocado roll.  \n\nThe place is huge..plenty of seating space and excellent decor.  Behind the sushi bar sits an extremely large fish tank all filled with about 30 of 1 type of yellow tropical fish.  It's mesmerizing to watch..  The place is very trendy and I was extremely underdressed and didn't care (hey I had flown about 15 hours in the past day and needed a bite of raw fish!)  I'd stick to the nigiri and sashimi, you can't go wrong.  Prices actually aren't that bad, either.  Sushi orders generally ran from $6 to $14 depending on what you ordered.  \n\nAnyway I'd return here.  Probably slap some nicer clothes on and chew my dinner slower next time.    :)
This review was posted over a year ago, however, it was removed by Yelp HQ only last week.\nI'm reposting it after making some minor modifications, mainly since the response and comments were so positive.... by everyone except Yelp HQ.\n\n\nWhole Foods Market.\nLadies, you're young and vibrant...today. \nBut as the years drag on, you notice changes. Subtle changes, such as:\n\n*crow's feet\n*saddlebags\n*sagging butt and or tits, \n*and orange skin from all the tanning products, your complexion now resembling that Louie V handbag you've been toting your Shitzadoodle around in.\n\nYou've got a choice to make.\n\nSpend all your money now on organic, free range shit, this in an effort to remain healthy looking, or, shop for a lot of the same stuff at Costco, where you can load up, get twice your money's worth, and have a shitload of cardboard boxes you won't have a clue what to do with. \n\nBut the real bonus will be how in only a few short years, you'll have saved enough money for a good plastic surgeon, which you're going to need anyway if you have any plans to remain living in Scottsdale for any length of time.\n\nMy opinion?\nI highly recommend the latter and here's why.\n\nScottsdale has a serious shortage of fish-lipped women with feline looking facial features, who routinely wear yoga pants telegraphing their hiked-up thongs. \nPoor thong....how sad that your fate...to be cast to a fifty-something, saggy-butt host.\nLadies, is that what you want?\nTo idly standby, watching, as the ranks of this bass-cat looking oddity dwindle in population?\nI didn't think so.\n\nThe choice is yours.\nBeautiful and broke from shopping at Whole Foods today.\nOr, aging not so gracefully with the help of medical science, an overzealous plastic surgeon, and Victoria's Secret, which I assure you with one of her thongs in yoga pants will be anything but. \nA lot of good all that free range organic crap did. \n\nIf you do come here, try the hot deli, where you can get every kind of ethnic food, save for Ethiopian. It helps after a late night at work, on your way home, when you don't feel like eating fast food. They also have a taco and pizza bar, fresh bakery, and a smoked meats section where you can get some of the worst barbecue and smoked meats I've ever tasted. \nThe only thing I'll recommend in this place other than the hot deli, is the chocolate and coffee bar, which seems to have a ton of delights that are supposedly good for you. \nI doubt it.
Today we went for our holiday lunch at work and I was very happy and full when we left.  I started out with my favorite the chicken lettuce wraps.  I then ordered off the lunch menu so I got soup with my meal.  I ordered the hot and sour soup which went down in like three spoonfuls.  I followed that with the Moo Goo Gai Pan which was pretty good not the best I've ever had but decent.  Overall 2 out 3 items being amazing and the meal being good I had to give 4 out of 5 stars.
One word... Beautiful! The architecture is like no other typical hotel.  For a Best Western I was highly impressed.\n\nThe front desk was very friendly and helpful in the whole checking in process. Next was entering the room- 'ahhhh' lol yes the light was shining from above lol not really but that's the noise I made when my friend and I entered the room. \n\nThe property was designed for Downtown Scottsdale and the visitors of the area.. I love the layout with a spa available in the room. Classy and modern decor and a real value. Definitely one of Scottsdale's newest and most desirable lodging. Highly recommended.
I liked this place. I got the fundido and it was very good. My husband got the carne asada and it was really tasty too. If you don't like eating by a pond, then don't go. Personally I thought it was a unique and fun experience. There are seats indoors with glass between you and the pond if you are worried about an amoeba or duck poo jumping into your food. Oh, and the margaritas are OUTSTANDING...and I am very picky about margaritas.\n\nIf you are ever bored on a Sunday in October definitely check out their farmer's market. We went there for brunch yesterday...it was very good! They had an omelet bar, waffle bar, fresh fruit and pastries, and also some standard Mexican fare. The market was fun...bought some excellent pineapple habanero jelly. I wouldn't recommend the popcorn though, brought it home and it was STALE.
FINALLY!!!!!!!\n\ni had a 30 minute break during work this morning and on my drive down 7th ave i noticed two hippies breakfast joint was officially in business. walked in and the place is HUGE, and unlike their other locations they have places to sit down and eat inside, plus little stools all along the outside.\n\ntheir menu is HUGE and they serve breakfast all day, plus burgers and chicken sandwiches and such.  their breakfast bowls can be made as burritos which is what i did. you can choose up to 6 add-ins including chorizo, bacon, green chile, an assortment of cheeses, garlic, onions, peppers, the list goes on...and it comes with a side of potatoes.  i think they're lacking (besides chorizo and sausage) some kind of shredded meat (like machaca) or chicken for their breakfast burritos..and good hot sauce (the ones on the tables were blah). \n\ngreat friendly service and one free refill on your coffee. place is cash only, and the ATM takes forever. this place is going to be very successful in the future...breakfast all day and bomb breakfast at that.
This Oregano's location is always busy, so be prepared for a wait of 30-60 minutes.\n\nI've been here 7 or 8 times for dinner over the past year. The food is always delicious, and the portions are enormous. If you're looking for good pasta/pizza at a reasonable price, this is the place to go. The Bollo Pasta and Alfredo the Dark are two of my favorites. If you want pizza, go with the Deep Dish -- very rich and flavorful.\n\nI'll be visiting this location many more times during the upcoming year.
I have been to True Food Kitchen twice. The ambiance is great. I love the little push carts of fresh herbs as you walk through the door. The smell of rosemary is intoxicating. The kitchen is open and so it can make for it being a little noisy. But nothing that is unbearable. You do get to see the staff handling the gorgeous fresh foods.\n\nSo a must have for me is the Cucumber Refresher drink. It is exactly what is states...refreshing. I tend to share a bit with my friends and both times they really like my drink. So much so the first time I gave my drink to my friend and I had her ginger drink that was OK. The first time I was there I ordered the Roasted Autumn Vegetables with Farro and Figs. It was alright nothing to write home about. The farro was great. Last week I had the Edamame Dumplings for an appetizer and the Miso Glazed Black Cod for an entree. These two dishes were right on.  I was scoping out the Cod on my first outing but did not get it. Go with your first instinct. The sauces on these dishes were amazing. They were light and flavorful. Both times my friends ordered the Teriayki Brown Rice/Veggie/Meat. Don't waste your time on this dish as you can get something very similar at Pei Wei or any other Asian place. \n\nAll in all I like True Food. They offer something different in a great location. They have good food and good service. I do have to say in the realm of restaurants that are going this route I would rather go to a smaller local place. It's just a choice I guess. But it is just something about the little places that is more exciting than a chain. I guess it is the feeling or intent in the preparation of the food.
I'd hate to be the first to give Maria's 4 stars, because it is a small local business and the lady who takes our orders has always been sweet. The restaurant is definitely on the small side and pretty bare - just a few booths and tables and the Mexican channel is always on in the corner, but nonetheless, pretty good food for the price you pay. I came here for lunch today and ordered:\n\n California Burrito - $4.84 (including tax) - great deal, it's a huge burrito and pretty yummy in my book!\n\nI also had the street tacos before on a previous visit, but they're definitely not taco truck quality like I was expecting. \n\nThe hot sauce is pretty good, not too spicy, but just adds that little extra flavor that really makes the burrito delicious.
YUM!  The atmosphere is a bit of a downer (huge open space that's kinda blah) but the food makes up for it.  We went with the Cheese Dosai and the Mutter Paneer.  There is a whole Dosai section of the menu, so we figured we should try one, and the Cheese Dosai stood out to us because it has a lot of stuff in it, whereas many of the others just had chickpeas, onions, and/or potatoes.  I'd never had a dosai before and was surprised when it came out looking and tasting a lot like a quesadilla.  It was really good though and came with some tasty dipping sauces.   \n\nThe mutter paneer was delicious too with just the right amount of heat.  The portions were kinda huge.  I would love to come back sometime for the lunch buffet to sample just a little of everything.
I am not a huge Italian food fan, while I enjoy some good ole spaghetti every now and then, when given the choice, you are more likely to find me munching on some chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant.  But with that being said, when I do get a sudden craving for Italian, Nick's is my number one choice.\n\nI really like the quaint atmosphere....but it is the food that keeps me coming back.  I hadn't been to Nick's in probably over a year, but it is by my parent's house, so we went for a quick dinner the other night.  They always have really enticing specials, like Seafood Risotto or Manicotti.  The menu is HUGE, spanning from pasta, to filled pastas , chicken and veal dishes and even pizza.  They make a good pizza, and I especially adore their gnocchi in the vodka sauce, but my favorite thing to get is the Chicken Parmesan.  This version is not breaded at all; it is just sauteed and then topped with an amazing red sauce and mozzarella cheese.  It is not what you would expect, but it is delicious!  You get your choice of either a side of pasta or vegetables, I usually get the sauteed veggies because they are so good; a nice combination of broccoli, cauliflower, squash and carrots.  They are cooked perfect and even better when dipped in the extra sauce.\n\nOh, I almost forgot, they also give you this delicious focaccia bread and olive oil for dipping when you sit down, it is so fresh it just melts in your mouth!\n\nSo if you are willing to pass on the all you can eat salad at the Olive Garden....you should give Nick's a try!
"""Love it.  My second visit as good as the first.  I asked a kid in the mall where I could find a boba drink.  My description at the time was a bit  sketchy.   Asian drink with starchy bits.  At last the lass (lol) understood and directed me to \The Street.\""""    So I'm sending a shout out to the nice young man who works in Spencers... You know who you are kinda goth with a hint of hippie,  lip piercing...   Thanks!!! \n\nNot a mile away my drink is half gone.  The chewy bits keep me from getting a brain freeze.   Twenty minutes later I'm dredging the bottom of the cup with the fat straw.   DITH\n\nPeace"""""""
This is a really nice mall.  They have all the high end stores like Gucci, LV, Tiffany and they are even opening a Barney's NY in about 10 months.  Just walking into the mall it seems like this was a destination mall.  With 5 large restaurants with open seating, there were tons of people enjoying their libations and the weather.  Although we didn't have time to walk through out the whole mall, you can tell this was THE mall in the area.\n\nI would have given this place 5 stars however there were A LOT of middle school kids running around everywhere screaming and being obnoxious!
The cookies are ace. Dimensional, a little sweet, a little savory. Just delicious. The urban tropic is amazing.\n\nThe cupcakes....eh. I tried a strawberry today. The frosting is the opposite of Sprinkles. Sprinkles tries to kill you with sugar, Urban tries to kill you with butter. I ate about half my frosting and scraped off the other half when I realized it was so buttery that I could butter a baked potato with it. Pure butter. yuck. The cake was good though, much better than sprinkles' strawberry cupcake. I give the cupcakes a 3, the cookies a 5.
I've been here twice, both times were late Friday nights.  If you're looking for a good lounge vibe, this is the place.  I got in quickly and liked the music selection both times.  Their beer selection isn't that impressive, which is a bummer for me since I'm not usually into liquor, but a short beer list is pretty standard for a place like this.\n\nWhat's nice and unique about Mabel's is the comfortable furniture and exposed brick walls - gives the place a great atmosphere.  It reminded me of a pub I'd find back in Baltimore, and I liked that a lot.
Food is great.  Best Thai in West Valley.  Always get takeout so not sure about the service, but takeout is always ready when they say it will be ready.  The atmosphere is quiet and cozy - about a dozen to fifteen tables or so.  Place always seems clean when I pick my food up and has the type of decor you'd expect to see in a Thai restaurant.  \n\nI usually get red chicken or beef curry hot, and my wife gets green curry mild.  The food is excellent.  Their egg rolls aren't very greasy like most places.  Spring rolls are also made fresh to order with fresh veggies.  The only thing is, sometimes the spiciness of the curry will be spicier some days and not as spicy others.  Other than that, this place is great.
I am not a club girl.. I'm down with kicking it dive bar status, just a beer, peeps and darts/pool...\nHowever, When you're visiting people of diverse personalities... then you have to rethink your nightlfe activities... well you dont have to but if you don't want to be an a$$ then you should...\n\nThat being said this place rocked. I thought the large size would bother me but it was perfect. It was like  small for clubs.\nInside there was an 80's club, karaoke club, country club, and hip hop club. This was perfect because my sister and I like every girl loves 80's and her hubby is a hard core country guy, and my friend is a huge non-drinker hip hop dancer. \n\nWe tried every room.. had a blast dancing in each room. Best part was you can go full on cowboy, or uber 80's (there was a hilarious girl ...rather woman who thought she was flashdance incarnate) or just plain ol jeans n a T-Shirt... very versatile. And attempting not to laugh at the scantily clad girls attempting to sell shots.  And then of course there was the fact that .. .let's say you were in the hip hop room getting ur groove on then there walked by a dude full on cowboys status.. strutting by u kinda confusing the whole ambiance. It was quite comical. \n\nIf you go I advise you visit all rooms.. .diversify yourself. Definitely do a lil line dance.. ps. the drinks are stronger in the hiphop room.... obviously
"""Went to Los Dos Molinos yesterday and I was impressed with it. Although, as some Yelpers have said the service is SLOW, especially when it was 2:30 PM On Sunday. It took a while to get our food and even a while for someone to take our order. However, our drink order was taken care of right away as soon as we sat down by a busboy. It was OK. I wanted to try the Prickly Pear Margarita, but at $7.25 for a small one, I thought better of it and ordered a soda (ONE Free Refil for $1.75). They did provide really good chips and Red and Green Salas which are HOT. Just how I like it.\nAfter we had finished the chips they had asked us if we wanted more chips. I asked if they were free and the waitress said it would be $1.00 extra for chips and $1.00 for salsa. That really irked me :(. But, we ordered and I had the Pozole with Oregano  Chile Pequin mix, onions, lettuce, tomato, and a lime in there. It was $10.50. The Pozole Bowl came out and it was a fairly good size. My wife had the Carne Adovada chimichanga and that was pretty good. Since she chose the Rice & Beans with it it was $12.50 instead of $10.50 for just the chimmi. Hers was good as well and spicy. \n**** TIP **** If you \Checkin\"""" to Los Dos Molinos on yelp you will receive a free cheese crisp with or without the Green Hatch Chile (We got ours with the Green Chile). It just shows up immediately on your phone if you do and you show it to your waitress and thats it. You get it for free. Just thought id point it out to my fellow yelpers out there. All in all the food was wonderful, the service was a little slow but since we had nowhere to go on Sunday it didn't really matter, but it might matter if you are going to this place for an hour luch as we were there for about 1.5 hours so that could cause some people concern. I DEFINATELY will be back for the NEW MEXICAN cuisine (NOT Mexican) and the Spice. If you don't  like spicy this is NOT the place for you. If you like it HOT this definately should be on your list of eats!"""""""
"""A beautiful Friday afternoon at the Biltmore Fashion Park . . . we're hungry! Do we go for decadence at the Cheesecake Factory or healthy food at True Foods . . . aah, we spot Seasons 52, and I look it up on Yelp! Great reviews so we decided to give it a whirl! \n\nThe patio, although small, was just perfect . . . intimate and comfortable. It is set away from the parking lot, so you don't feel like you are at a big shopping center patio with cars and fumes passing by. \n\nI love that every menu item is under 475 calories, and they all sound interesting. My dining companion ordered the Farmer's Market Vegetable Plate with spring snap peas, grilled ponzu tofu and toasted almond tabbouleh. The tofu was yum! Even more yum was the tabbouleh with its mildly sweet taste. I could have eaten that just as my meal. I ordered the day's special flatbread -- Smoked Scottish Salmon with creme fresch. It was delicious and huge. I don't know how it came in under 475 calories, but if they say so, who am I to question it. The flatbread is about 5 x 13, plenty to share, so I ended up just eating the smoked salmon and leaving a good portion of the flatbread. \n\nThe service we received was outstanding! Our waiter was very patient with me as it takes me a long time to make up my mind, especially when I haven't had a chance to peruse a menu in advance of going somewhere. I'm always the one who says, \take everyone else's order first and come back to me\"""" and often, I still haven't made up my mind . . . \n\nAs much as it pains my wallet to have to go to Biltmore Fashion Park to shop (hee hee hee), I think I can now find another reason to head in that direction. More importantly, I will have to find someone to go with me who will share one or two of their Mini Indulgences for dessert, but again, I'll have a hard time making up my mind which flavor. Aah, if life's problems were only that simple! \n\nBon Appetit!"""""""
My mother located this resturant and wanted to go. I of course, looked at the reviews on yelp and was expecting a lukewarm time wih flavorless food.  I went to pepin last night and was pleasantly surprised to find the opposite.  There were 3 adults and 1 child in our party. My 2 1/2 yo decided to get cranky the moment we sat down.  The place was about 1/2 full.  Our waitress came right over to our table and started to take drink orders.  My mother didn't like the location of the table so they promptly moved us to a table of her satisfaction. The waitress saw my child was squirmy and offered to get her food out right away which she did.  I had the red sangria. It was good but I've had better. My mother had the tiramisu drink that was so strong it knocked her sandles off but it was good. I had the paella which was good and tasty. My mom had lamb which she enjoyed.  I forgot what the 3rd party had but he enjoyed his. My baby had chicken fingers and fries which were actually sliced potato and she ate most of it. The entertainment was great! I kept laughing to myself about the other reviewer who said they were intent on driving nails through the floor. Yes they were stomping up a storm but it was great. My baby was so entertained and yelling and clapping. Everyone was entertained by her too. Our bill came to $123 which is not bad for food and entertainment. Oh it was saturday night about 6:15pm
I admit it... \nIt was me who convinced Sarah P and Jared M to accompany me to Mojo last night after the OYE at La Bocca.  I used the excuse that Sarah really needed to try it, but honestly, I selfishly just wanted it - I didn't care too much about Sarah trying it or Jared getting it either.  We walked the 4 blocks to get our fro-yo from Mojo (me in heels no less), and it was totally worth it.\n\nI mixed up a big cup of original tart, pomegranate tart, and passion fruit flavors with melon mochi and yogurt chips.  The only negative is that the melon mochi is not as delightful as the original (plain) flavored mochi.  Other than that, I was happy as a clam.  Friendly service, clean topping bar, and the total for all four cups (we brought a cup back for Julian) was $16.  (Yes, it was on the pricier side, but it was worth it).\n\nNow I'm off to make time in my day to get to the gym to burn off the wine, pizza, and fro-yo that was consumed last night, and I'll soon start that damn wedding diet (again)!
I always come here to get my pedicures and eyebrows waxed. The prices are good, $18 for basic pedi, $23 if you want the heel/callous treatment. I don't get acrylics but for manicure or polish i recommend the gel it dries immediately, looks better and lasts longer. The staff are nice, there's a new guy who works there now who does an excellent job. Owners are great. They even did my 4yo nails to keep her occupied while i got mine done for $5. I definately recommend this place and the room where they wax is nice with painted ocean blue walls. \n\nThey do prefer cash, especially for tips, but accept cards as well.
This place is OLD SCHOOL great.  Classic tavern.  Cheap drinks and no fu-foo stuff.  Not a great selection of liquor but they have the basics.  Surprisingly they have Stella Artois on tap.  Of course many of patrons were drinking PBR the night I was there.  They have one pool table and just a few booths to lounge at.  I love the flouresnt, black light powered posters that hang high on the walls near the back of the bar.  And my favorite piece of art is the old and very large hula dancer that hangs over the back of the bar.  \n\nAnother one of my favorite things about this bar is they have a juke box and they turn it up pretty loud. Love that.  Also this is classic. They have two small tv but no cable. What bar does not have cable TV.  I love it
"""I have to admit, even though this is a more \ghetto\"""" Ross, they have the best selection for brands. At least that is the case whenever I stop by here. True, you will get stuck for 10-15 minutes waiting in that line to check out but I figure it's worth it in the name of fashion. \n\nThe bathroom is a mess, avoid at all costs unless you really, really have to go. The fitting room lady was super sweet, I wanted to take her home. Ok, get your minds out of the gutter.\n\nMy boyfriend's style is kind of dark, he only wears all black, expensive dressy clothing and I was able to find some really nice black dress shirts for him that were 8.99 and up. They have these impulse items that you just cannot resist like iPad accessories, car interior accessories etc. I bought some Hello Kitty clamshell headphones for 8.99.\n\nBe patient with lines and people at times, you will be rewarded with cheap goodies."""""""
This brand-new CVS just opened a few weeks ago and it's a HUGE improvement to the neighborhood! They tore down an old crappy shopping center to build this store, and it's cleaned up the Thomas/24th St. intersection a lot.\n\nThe store iteself is clean, bright, and has everything you would expect a CVS to have. They have a great selection of store brand products and there are plenty of checkouts to get you in and out quickly.\n\nAdded bonus: they have carts with little cars that your kids can sit in. A big deal if you have an energetic 2 year old that doesn't like to sit in the shopping cart.
Very nice stadium to watch a hockey game! Every year, my family and I travel to phoenix to catch the coyotes take on my beloved Chicago Blackhawks! The fans are really nice in phx, no one give you are hard time, but then again it is always about 50% hawks fans. The stadium is very clean! The only downfall, it is about 25 degrees in this stadium! I know I know, it's a hockey game, you should expect it to be cold. I wore the same outfit I wear to a game in Chicago, but I FROZE and jobing.com arena. My dad was even going to buy a coyotes sweatshirt he was that cold. Thank God I convinced him otherwise! Nevertheless, can't wait to come back her in Feb for another hawks/coyotes matchup!
Big smiles and welcoming personalities greeted us at the door. I was so relieved. I've been to other restaurants from this group and have hot and cold experiences. So, this was a great start out the gate.\n\nOur server Brandon was attentive, full of life and kept calling me Love (which I swooned about).\n\nWe ordered a few different margaritas, the enchilada special, the fish special and appetizers. All around the food reviews were the kind where your mouth is full and you shake your head up and down and smile while pointing at the food.\n\nFriday at 7:30PM got us seated quickly, but the place was filling up when we finished around 8:45PM.
It is nice to finally find a decent, clean, good smelling, well run bar in that area. \n\nIt is in a not so great looking strip mall, but its very nice inside. They have two pool tables with plans to add a third very soon, dart boards (hoping to soon put up steal tip), a larg rectangle bar with just about any alcohol you could want. They have the most random bottles up there. I have to assume they bought a lot of the liquored from the previous owner. The bartender is super cool, very nice, and attentive. I don't think they have a kitchen, but they have some snacks to tide you over, chips, candy, popcorn...\n\nMy one and only complaint is that they don't have a patio. \n\nAll in all great little place, with a no bull shit attitude. I really appreciate being able to feel safe in a place and know that the staff isn't going to let the customers run the bar, as most of the other bars int he area do. \n\nCheers!
"""wow, was i pleasantly surprised at this little place. i initially thought it was just a pub, but on top of a lengthy bar, it also had some choice seating for restaurant patrons. reportedly, they know how to serve a thick beer and every great import is on tap.\nas luck would have it, i happened upon this place while there was a very talented live band that made it possible to watched the Irish jiggers do their... uh... jig.\nit was pretty crowded and my party of six couldn't find a seat anywhere. \nthe place was overrun by overly-euro looking men, all in their 6'5\ frames and no shorter. my Mexican friend was the only distinctly American-looking person in the place.\nthe place had such great ambiance that we stayed until last call.\nHonestly, this place is a jewel on Mill Ave."""""""
I love this place for lunch.  If you call in your order, they will have it ready for you when you get there, and you can get in and out fast.  The food is always fresh and good.  I really love their slaw, it is very different than most places as it has feta and green onions and a vinagarette on it.  If you like feta, you will probably enjoy it, if you're more of a traditional mayo slaw person, probably not your bag.  The potato salad is a little bland to me, it would be my last choice as a side.  I like the pasta salad, it has nice big pieces of basil.  \nAlso - this place has really good sweet tea.  It is not just tea with sugar in it (former southerners - you know what I mean) but you can tell they actually made the simple syrup mix to blend with the tea.  It's really good.
This little hole in the wall has one tiny but powerfully delicious kitchen that brings out the best Pupusas I have ever tasted in my life..  the food is hot, freshly cooked and packed with so much flavor, the prices are so low that I feel if they raised the prices slightly and kept the same amazing customer service and fantastic kitchen work they could easily get a well deserved bigger and more contemporary place.  Regardless of the size, this place is wonderful, it's clean and the staff is so friendly and the food .. I just can't stop saying how delicious the food here is.      If you want to impress someone with a non pretentious hole in the wall wonder then this is the delicious place to introduce someone to their first most amazing Pupusa!
The 10-year-old Mexican food restaurant has a huge patio,  and the inside was bright, warm and welcoming. I was really impressed with the cheerful service throughout the night, and I always felt taken care of.\n\nThe spot has a large margarita selection, and I tried a couple different varieties. The first I had was the Mojitorita, , which tasted more mojito-like than margarita-like, and I loved it because it still had an extra kick to it.\n\nI also ordered the Pinnacle Peak Pomegranate margarita. I definitely tasted a ton of pomegranate flavor, and both drinks weren't overpowering.\n\nAs for the meal, I thought it was interesting the restaurant served two types of chips-thin and thick. The salsa wasn't as hot as the eatery's name might imply-it was a good medium heat.\n\nMy pal and I tried a vegetarian tamale, which I've never had before, and it had a nice fluffy consistency and was smothered in cheese. I am now a huge tamale fan!\n\nI ordered a bean and cheese chimichanga ($11.99), which was so ooey-gooey good. It was a generous portion, but it was so tasty that I finished the whole thing.\n\nEven though it was sort of a hike for me, I'd definitely go back to Jalape\u00f1o Inferno for their tasty eats.
"""Luci's is a cute marketplace located in the epicenter of what is quickly becoming the hottest area in the 602 for locally owned outstanding businesses.\n\nMy first experience with Luci's was after having dinner at The Garage, my pal I and wanted to grab a coffee. We went in at about 9:30, and I was surprised to find two Debbie Downers working the counter. I tried to make a small joke, to see if these were people, or if the zombie uprising was starting, but I am still uncertain.\n\nGrabbed a coffee and cupcake and called it a night. The coffee was good and the cups were pretty cool, they had a built in heat sleeve, so you are wasting less paper. The cupcake was ok, but nothing to start a Facebook fan page over.\n\nSecond visit was again after a visit to The Garage (hey, I am a simple creature) this time on a Friday at lunch. Happily, I had a complete different experience, and the staff were downright sweet. There were five people in my group, and I was ordering/paying for us all. After ordering two drips, and a mocha, the girl happily expressed, \Oh, I thought this was going to be a much more difficult order.\"""" It was kind of silly and sweet, almost like she meant to think that, and not say it, but her intentions were good, so I just told her we like to keep things simple. Walking over to prepare my coffee, another employee warmly greeted us and asked what we were up to today. It was a nice exchange, and it was great reflection on the place. I will chalk up my first experience to people being tired, I think we've all had days like that and no harm done."""""""
I would definitely recommend you try this place if you're in the Phoenix area. I came here with a group of seven for lunch and we tried almost everything on their menu.\n\nAppetizers: house soft pretzels & provolone fondue, zucchini fritters, crispy rock shrimp, pate\n\nSalad: roasted beet salad\n\nEntrees: turkey sloppy Joe, prime rib french dip, jambalaya, sweet potato tortelli, beef short rib stew\n\nDesserts: warm peanut butter cup, blueberry cheesecake, hot chocolate cake, salted caramel pudding\n\nAfter tasting all the above, the dishes that stood out most were the pretzels, sweet potato tortelli, beef short rib stew, hot chocolate cake and salted caramel pudding. Please do yourself a favor and order ALL of these dishes. Steer clear of the french dip, jambalaya or blueberry cheesecake.
Went there to celebrate my wife's bday. The food was terrific. My wife and I both had the scallops (not very original, I know, but I didn't know she was ordering those, too!). The rest of the family had an assortment of tasty chicken and lobster dishes. The waiter was very amenable, and suggested a fine not-too-expensive wine. The BEST was the starter: The Bread. The bread was terrific, and was best w/out any butter or oil. Just plain, unadorned, tasty bread. Scrumptious. I know it's supposed to be a Franco-American resto, but to me it seemed more modern American.
Found this place by accident yesterday while walking in Old Town. Immediately checked it on Yelp and saw it had a great rating, and then we found out why.The gelato here was excellent, and we have had our share of gelato in many places. Flavor choices were very good. Some flavors like Samoa and Roche I had never seen. I had Samoa and my husband had the Roche, which was delicious and tasted like hazelnut. Would definitely go back there to try another flavor or even the pizza we saw being made that looked great.
"""So I have never eaten alot of Indian food, but friends of ours suggested dinner there so we went.  I am so glad I did! Talk about delish!  The Chicken Saag was one of the best things I have ever eaten.   Prices are reasonable, service is so-so and the food=yummo.\nWe had chicken saag, chicken tikki masala, fish masala, garlic naan and rice.  The four of us left stuffed and happy.   It was so good, I went back the following week for lunch only to discover some terrific lunch specials.  8 bucks for more lunch then you can eat.  All I can say is \GO\""""."""""""
There is an inherent dilemma that affects all ethnic cuisine in this country. That dilemma is: How authentic are we going to make this restaurant? Basically, this question is answered by looking at the bottom line. If you are in an area with a relatively low conentration of that ethnicity then in order for your business to stay alive, you need to cater to the tastes of the local majority. The beauty of China Chili is that they walk this line and do it successfully. Restaurants that lean towards authenticity typically tend to alienate the majority of people because its simply intimidating. On the other side, a restaurant that caters to American tastes is hated on for the watered down ethnic experience. What China Chili has managed to do is make Chinese food accessible to the demographic around them. The Asian population in the Phoenix metro area is concentrated in the East Valley and Northwest Valley. There are very few Chinese downtown and that is shown by the lack of Chinese restaurants in the downtown area. China Chili has understood this and has beautifully adapted their menu to reflect the area they are in. In response to the people who commented on the lack of authenticity of the food here, I would say that I agree with that in part. However, being Chinese, I know that if you go into any Chinese restaurant that has Chinese people working there and you ask them, you'll find that there are additional items that the kitchen can make for people who are looking for that authentic experience. China Chili is no different. Just ask for something more authentic and in most cases they can tell you what they have available. I can tell you from first hand experience that they have ALL Chinese cooks in the kitchen. Its not like they don't know how to make authentic Chinese food, but like any good restaurant, they know their audience. \n\nNow to the food. Most of the things on the menu are pretty tasty. One thing that they do that most other places don't is tailor the food to your exact specifications. They can make it spicy, or less spicy, or omit veggies, msg, meat, or add basically anything you want. Some favorites of mines are the House Special Chicken, Salt and Pepper Pork Chops, Chicken Corn Chowder, and Spicy Garlic Eggplant. During lunch, they serve hearty lunch specials that after make you wish you were going to nap time rather than work(to some that may be synonymous). They have even more dishes that they can make for lunch specials than the ones they have listed so make sure you ask. \n\nAs for the decor....lets be honest. Chinese decor is tacky. I'm Chinese, I admit it. If the decor of a restaurant causes you to not eat there, then sadly you have probably missed the most amazing meals of your life because some of the biggest holes create some of the tastiest food. Its not dirty or messy, its just tacky, so please get over it. The Chinese are prone to gaudy, extravagant presentations, or did you miss the opening ceremonies of the Olympics?\n\nIn any case, I love China Chili because it allows people who would never walk into a more authentic Chinese restaurant to put a foot in the door of an enormous culinary world. And at China Chili they can venture in as far as they would want. .
I am definitely not an expert in Vietnamese food, just to put that out there.  That said, I really enjoy Tea Lite Cafe.  My co-workers and I go here regularly, and it is a staple in the portfolio.  \n\nI get the #1 and honestly don't remember its name, only the deliciousness of the rice noodles and beef.  The beef has amazing flavor and I wish there was about twice as much included in the dish (not just because it tastes good, but also because I could use a little bit more protein to get me through the afternoon).  We often get an order of the shrimp spring rolls to help supplement the lunches here.\n\nThe service is very fast.  Important tip for weekday lunches:  get there early!  This place fills up quickly and does not have many tables.
Great place for some tasty grub and refreshing drinks. Went here for breakfast and got their corned beef hash. It had some good flavor and texture, the eggs and whole wheat toast were good to. Didn't get the coffee, opted for a couple mixed drinks with fruit juices. Tequila Sunrise so nice.\n\nHighly recommend this place. Contemporary, artsy atmosphere with cool art decor. Cool local feel, in a small strip mall location. Great for breakfast and lunch.\n\nNeed to visit AZ more often, if there's more good food like this. :)
I am right there with Pierre... I was rudely woken up at a 6am and numerous times after that to a band playing that seemed to be right in my back yard.  And then of course the media helicopters hovering over.  In my disoriented state I thought to myself what nut would hold band practice at 6am on Sunday morning... I wanted to call the police.  But then i realized what all the ruckus was.   Congrats to all the runners and the winner who won his first marathon... that is impressive!
I'm convinced that the people who work at In-N-Out are either robots or being force fed antidepressants. They're the happiest food service people I have ever met - EVER! \n\nI love the fact that In-N-Out's menu is so simple. I don't have to decide between 87 combo meals, or what sides I want. I get a choice of 4 burgers and fries, and that's that. \n\nI got the protein style burger to work around my gluten free diet, and the lettuce was fresh, burger  tasty, and did I mention that the service was SUPER FRIENDLY! !
"""This is our favorite place to stay when we visit Arizona about once every other year and sometimes every year. We are members of the \cactus club\"""" which are frequent visitors. You can sign up for that for free also. You get free robes and waters and little freebies for joining this club and the room you want is waiting for you when you arrive....usually! They have a great breakfast from breakfast burrito's to waffles and pancakes, eggs, hash browns and everything anyone could want including cereals and pastries too! They have 2 gorgeous pools but make sure you go early and put a magazine or a book on your chair that is of your choice because the sunning chairs go quickly by 10am sometimes during busy season!! We go down about 8am and pick a spot and put some of our non valuables to save our spot,then we go and eat breakfast and then lay out in the pool and sun until it gets too hot about noon or 1pm...then we shower and go to the shops and sight seeing! It's a great place to stay and they are very accomodating. They pick you up at the airport and bring you back to the airport also when you are leaving!"""""""
"""I've been here twice now and really love this place!\n\nThe first time I went was for a social with the Phoenix Social Club. It's such a trendy/hip yet relaxed place that I felt comfortable among the sea of people! It felt a little crowded around the bar but in the back room with the very high ceilings I felt much less claustrophobic! \n\nSo that's my 2 cents about going to The Vig Uptown for a few drinks. The rest is based off my date night.\n\nThe Ambiance: As I mentioned earlier it's very urban and trendy but super comfortable. There was a good mix of people and sizes of parties. I'm pretty sure my date and I talked about the layout of the restaurant and the styling for about 15 minutes of the date! It's just such a cool mix of industrial and comfortable! I really love that there's the open \grassy\"""" area in the back of the patio/restaurant area. People can play a little bags or bocce ball. The only thing I didn't love about that was the fact that some of the people playing the games got a little rowdy which in a bar type situation is fine but when you're having dinner right next to the \""""court\"""" - not so perfect.\n\nThe food: I got the Turkey sandwich on the pretzel bread and it was actually really great! I'm usually not a huge fan of any coleslaw type thing but it was just the right amount to complement the rest of the ingredients! Our waitress painted the sweet potato fries to be something ground breaking and wonderful - so they were kind of a disappointment just because of all of her hype. Don't get me wrong they were really good but I feel like every place I go now claims to have the best sweet potato fries... I also thought the price wasn't too bad either! (Yay for good, affordable food for the hungry college kid!)\n\nService: One of the reasons I loved it so much! From the valet, to the bartender and the waitress to the rest of the staff I was impressed with how friendly everyone was. Our waitress was really patient with the fact that my date and I pretty much weren't ready to order for about 30 minutes (I'm sure that would be trying for anyone's patience!) \n\nOverall: I think this is a great date night restaurant! It's a good hip vibe while still being a nice enough place to impress a date! I think one of the highest testaments to The Vig Uptown was the fact that we were there for almost 3 hours. We felt like we were taken care of the entire time and never felt rushed or that we needed to leave."""""""
I have not been to this location since the last review in 2009!  Well M has been having a horrible 2 weeks.  She picked Cheesecake for lunch, I never say no to Cheesecake!!  We were quickly sitted.  Our server came over quickly to take drink orders...  I had to order the TexMex eggrolls too!  \n\nI got the Chicken Alfredo lunch.  It was very good, creamy and the noodles were done perfectly.  Only 1 minor complain, 5 chunks of chicken, REALLY?  \n\nGot my usual Vanilla Bean Cheesecake to top off the visit!!!
"""I'm updating my review with an awesome story and question.\n\nI last visited Revolver in May during my First Friday wanderings.  I found myself a cool old Prince 12\ and didn't think too much about it, until I put it on.  Sweet jeebus this was dirty - I swear that someone was actually having sex in the background.  It made Controversy sound like Pat Boone and it was AWESOME.  I am so thankful that I stumbled across this rare gem in amongst the stacks of musty vinyl at Revolver.\n\nSo now I ask you, where else but in the crates can you find that kind of experience?  It's certainly not found in the iTunes store.  Support the cool local record stores kids, before they're all gone and the government forces us all to listen to Justin Bieber."""""""
Came for lunch the other day and with a few changes this place will really shine (like serve bread before the meal, improve the timing of the food ect.). I liked the ambiance and d\u00e9cor, cozy and classy.  I missed the art because I had my back to that wall, but the colors they chose were great and the bar had a nice set up.\n\nI had the bread salad and pasta lunch special, it came with an iced tea for $12 which I thought was a very reasonable price. The bread salad was amazing, it was fresh and delicious and the pasta (I can't remember what it was called) was a mix of vine ripened tomatoes and pecorino. You could tell at first bite the pasta was home made, and it was served perfect al dente. I thought the portions were perfect (but I don't super size everything I eat :)\n\nMy date ordered the Orecchiette con Salsicciaa which was pasta, home-made sausage, greens and pecorino. I'm not sure if they over-salted the water or had too salty of pecorino but the salt was overkill. Not inedible, but close. He ate it all, and told our server afterward who in very good spirit said he would pass it in to the chef. \n\nI will definitely give this place another shot in the future. The location is great and they are working out the kinks.
"""Live near campus? Don't have a back yard? Like to drink? Than Casey Moores might be right for you. \n\nThe patio is the main attraction for me. It is like the back yard that I want but am too lazy and cheap to have. \n\nA fire tables, pic nick tables, coy pod with waterfall, outdoor bar and the most unique men's bathroom anyway, more on that later. \n\nAs the name would imply there is a Irish theme, and they do have oysters in addition to other standard bar food fare. The food is nothing to brag about. \n\nThere is a decent parking lot however this place is popular and you may need to find a spot on a near by block. note go 1 block south to avoid being ticked as the restrictions change. \n\nThe outdoor men's bathroom known as the \blarney stone\"""" is great. There is a motion activated waterfall, just unzip your full and donate your beer back to the bar in the most zen fashion available."""""""
"""WOW...that was my expression we i spotted this World Market in \The Promenade\"""" shopping center after having some great frozen yogurt at \""""The Golden Spoon\"""", which i will be reviewing later. The last two World Markets i visited...one in Michigan...and one in the Chicagoland area...were both going out of business. I thought several more be going out of business as well...so i was extremely pleased to see this one so close to wear i live here in Arizona. \n\nNow this store is not for everyone...even though it has something for everyone. It truly is a \""""World\"""" market...they have items from all over the world. Some of those items include furniture...rugs....china...all kinds of food...desserts....wines...and various other trinkets that will excite your senses so to speak. Some of the items are a bit expensive...while other items are very affordable.\n\nSome food items you could find cheaper at your local grocery store...but for example Jasmine rice...which i love...is surprisingly cheaper here than at all other grocery stores in the valley. While i don't drink...my wife found some great wine there for as low as 5.99 per bottle. They even have some candy from your childhood that they put on clearance...for example i bought some Chunky Bars which usually go for 2 bucks for the giant size one...for only 50 cents....wohoooooo!!!\n\nSo if your ever in Scottsdale and want to experience a little taste of World Culture...please visit the World Market...you will not be disappointed. Eat, Drink, and Be Merry My Friends!!!!!"""""""
Very modern decor with high ceilings and exposed beams.  I really enjoyed the atmosphere here.  It felt clean and well-organized.  I also enjoyed the view at the back of the restaurant where you could see the kitchen.  \n\nI found the food delicious.  The bread was indeed a treat.\n\nI went with the BLT salad and added wood-fired chicken.  The dressing was to die for! They didn't smother it and everything tasted extremely fresh.  The portion was a bit large though and I ended up bringing a lot home.\n\nMy boyfriend had their burger and found the bacon to be supremely seasoned and the perfect texture.   He is a burger lover and this one it near the top of his list.\n\nWould love to return and try other meals here.
This place is great. They have a great selection of chesses, oils, wine by the bottle or glass, chocolates, sauces, drinks, coffee bar, and fresh made to order pizzas and sandwices. Its about half the size of Trader Joes, but there are lots of great stuff packed into this little store. I cant wait to go back and sample some wines and grab a sandwich. The prices are = to what you would spend at Whole Foods. They have seating inside and a patio with seating as well. The weekend I was there they were sampling all sorts of chesses, crackers and salsas. Not a place I will shop at all the time but great if your looking for something special.
I come here for the cool vibe and the hipster art that is hanging and changes every 2 or so months.  The more important reason I come here is for the burgers and sandwiches that they have.  The menu has a wide range of stuff that is quite the crowed pleaser.\n\nI have never left unsatisfied with my meal and the wait staff is really attentive and not pushy.  You feel relaxed and happy, which is the way I like to enjoy my meal.  The bar is actually really cool, I have yet to drink at it but it always looks like its poppin' so it cant be that bad.  \n\nIts also affordable compared to some of the other restaurants located in the scottsdale area.\n\nRecommendation:  For a cool, young, hip, and classy place, go here, and for a great meal with 2-6 people.
Richardson's may be one of New Mexico's best-kept secrets -- so well kept it's improbably located in a Phoenix, AZ strip mall. The place feels so authentic it's like you're dining in an Anasazi cliff pueblo on a desert night. YEAH -- it's like that. Get some of that extra-spicy green chile if you want to have a good cry. The place is small and often packed (and its clientele is understandably enthusiastic), but if southwest cuisine is your bag, it's well worth the trip and any wait for a table.
I think A lot of people get the wrong impression of this place before they even come in, like it's supposed to be some elegant steakhouse or perfect dinner spot. The service was fantastic, We had a party of seven and the wait was not bad. We had plenty of food / bread / salad before our meal. The chicken friend steak was some of the best I've ever had, and the mashed potatoes and gravy all over was excellent. This is not a hit or miss place, the steak was tasty and large. Yes it did need some steak sauce but nothing was incredibly overpriced. I don't see how people payed 25 a person ordering soda, when th fried steak was maybe 13? and the ribeye was maybe 16? Thats a expensive soda for those peeps. I would say it was worth every penny, and also it made great leftovers the next day. This place is genuine, and a good spot to hit up every other month or so. This place (contrary to others beliefs) Is a Diner, and you will notice this on the way in. I suggest you try it yourself, if your not a high roller with perfect expectations on everything, I think you will like this place.
I went here last night on a random whim, I have stalked Mojo yogurt (next door) for several weeks now (going at least 1x a week). I always passed by Zinburger but didn't think to go there for dinner. I was pleasantly surprised that the prices weren't too pricey, and the food was really great.\n\nWe ordered the Snickers shake to split, amazing! I think it may be only for the summer so hurry in and get one because it was delish! Truffle fries with dipping sauce were really great to share.\n\nI got the turkey burger (next time no mayo) and traded the swiss for pepper jack. My friend got the Kobe burger, said it was fantastic. Service was good, fast turn around on the food/shake.\n\nOverall good meal, and I will return!
"""- 1 * because it's a CHAIN... How disappointing. But, I have got to give this place/corporation high marks for the name. Genuwine and ballsy. And the \accessories\"""" they sell advertising their very own Pink Taco are ingenious too. \n\nSo, we just had to have the pink tacos, 3 chix tacos, \""""TJ style\"""" and they were pretty damn tasty. The fact that the bartendress gave us our drinks free wasn't too shabby either... Maybe she saw us reading the \""""Lesbian Coming Out Manual\"""" (last one off the shelf @ the Borders down the Street, see the separate review) and felt sorry for us? It was a joke, really... She's straight. I am not. Go figure."""""""
Not a bad place to to eat some mexican in the valley... this place it not super nice but the food is good... if you do to this location you will see alot signed pictures of all the people that have been there...  it is pretty cool...  \n\nIf you go check out the chile reanllo... it is the craziest presentaion i have ever seen at a mexican place... it is also not too bad... i would go back... the only problem is that there can be a pretty long wait for a table... but i would say it is worth it... the chips are also real good!
Bummer! No one told me about the free soft serve ice cream here until I just read the other reviews.  Oh well, ignorance is bliss since I was aiming to eat a healthy lunch.  I chose this place because it promised it was free of artificial trans fats, MSG and HFCS.  I had the Nutty Mixed Up Salad (minus the chicken) which consisted of organic field greens, grapes, feta cheese, walnuts, dried cranberries, pumpkin seeds, raisins and organic apples, served with a balsamic vinaigrette on the side  It was a generous portion and only $6.49.  It was really delicious.
Went here with a mad hangover with a few friends earlier today. Let me just say, the food certainly hit the spot. I'd been told by some to order anything with carne asada. Boy, am I glad I did!\n\nI got the Carne Asada quesadilla (XL, as the regular is just an 8 in tortilla folded in half). It was delicious. Caramelized onions, lettuce, tender carne asada .... it melted in my mouth. \n\nAlso had some yummy chips and salsa. The patio seating was nice and the shade was an added bonus. I'll definitely check out this place next time in Tempe. :)
I think I fall in love with Hula's a little more each time I'm there! The first few times we just went for drinks and drinks turned into lunches, happy hours and now Hula's is a go-to spot for dinner. The vibe is laid back, but cute enough for a date night, the patio is spacious and wonderful for springtime cocktails on the patio and it's been the perfect place for casual business lunches on occasion. The service is always great which is soooo key, but the food is my favorite part. I've never had a single thing I didn't love and continue to try new things. My husband love mexican/american and I'm obsessed with anything asian influenced and this menu proves to be one that gets both of our mouths watering. \n\nFavorites: \nThe spicy shrimp caesar salad is unreal delicious and huge \nIsland Style Poke appetizer - a must try. We're obsessed.\nThe tacos are delicious\nI'm in love with the Spicy Thai Chicken Bowl.\n\nYou can't go wrong.
"""** This review is for the spa and pool area only **\n\nI went with a couple of girlfriends on a Saturday to The Phoenician to take advantage of a deal we picked up for a massage, glass of champagne and access to the pool and spa amenities for the day. Overall, the experience was very pleasant.\n\nI arrived early for our massage check-in time, since I wanted to try out their gym and steam room. I had no problem with check-in at the spa -- Emily, the girl at the front desk, was very polite and took the time to show me where everything was since I hadn't been there before. The ladies' locker room is nice and very clean -- they do provide you with rubber \slippers\"""" and very heavy white robes to wear for lounging. The gym is not extremely big, but it's a good size compared to other resort gyms I've used and has a number of treadmills, elliptical machines and bikes, along with machines and free weights. \n\nAfter working out, I hit the steam room. The room itself seems a little old and tired, with some grout \""""issues\"""" and rusty sprinkler heads in the ceiling (however, I didn't find it gross or dirty). It smelled *heavenly,* like eucalyptus. After a steam for about 10 minutes (the steam room wasn't overly hot, which was nice since I could actually relax), I took a shower to get cleaned up for my massage. Their showers are big, with a separate little \""""staging area\"""" inside them where you can change, dry off, hang your towel/robe and leave your slippers. They do provide you with shampoo, conditioner and body wash, which was high quality and smelled great.\n\nMy friends and I met up in the waiting area, which is behind the reception desk. Their \""""water bar\"""" is a nice touch, with several different fruit-flavor-infused waters and hot tea. We waited for maybe 10 minutes or so before our therapists arrived and introduced themselves, leading us back to our separate treatment rooms.\n\nMy therapist was Mandy and she was fantastic. I am not always a fan of massages because your level of enjoyment can depend on the skill and... shall I say, \""""chattiness\"""" of the therapist. Mandy was lovely -- she was very sweet and gave a great Swedish-style massage. I am all about NOT TALKING when I get a massage, since I find it much more relaxing to just let my mind shut down and enjoy the pampering. Mandy asked me a couple of questions during the massage (i.e., making sure the pressure was OK and if the room temperature was comfortable) and that was it. I would highly recommend her -- she knows what she's doing and was very professional. I nearly fell asleep a couple of times and I NEVER do that! \n\nAfter we were done, Mandy led me back to the waiting area where I met my friends and we compared notes. Both friends enjoyed their massages, but one did say that her therapist talked the ENTIRE time. \n\nWe went up to the pool area after freshening up and changing -- the pool area is above the spa, so you walk out the front doors, and then turn around and go the opposite direction. Being a Saturday, the pools were pretty busy, so it took us a little time to find three lounges together. A server found us fairly quickly, and he almost immediately brought us a pitcher of ice water, cups and a menu. The service in the pool area was great -- they were busy, but our server didn't forget about us and was very friendly. I tried their chips, salsa, guacamole and their chicken wrap, which was REALLY good. \n\nI really had only two concerns: they were doing some remodeling on one of the pool areas just below us and the fumes were horrible. As in, the fumes gave all three of us headaches and at one point, we were breathing through towels. We mentioned it to our server, who said they were aware of the smell... but there wasn't anything that could be done about it. Had we been able to move to a different location at the pool, we would have -- it was pretty disconcerting. Too bad they were working on it during the middle of a busy Saturday. The other thing was that they had a guy who played steel drums at the pool area. Loudly. All day. Really, I don't mind steel drums. The fellow was talented and having a great time. But for the love of all that's holy, it wasn't fun or relaxing to shout to talk over a guy playing \""""Billie Jean\"""" on his steel drums... and he was ALL the way on the OTHER SIDE of the pool from us. Had he turned it down a few notches, it would have been fine. Once he wrapped it up for the day, we were able to hear the waterfall, the birds chirping... and not have to yell at each other.\n\nNo issues with splitting our check for the food and drinks at the pool, either, which was nice. Around 5, we went back to the spa for a quick whirlpool, shower and... we were done! \n\nI really enjoyed my time at The Phoenician. Other than the pool remodeling fumes and the excessively loud steel drums, I had a wonderful day and will certainly be back (particularly once the pool remodeling is over!)."""""""
Okay so this place isn't fancy and you certainly wouldn't want to come here for the ambience but if you are downtown and looking for some tasty Americanized Chinese food this is the place to be! Sure it is greasy and you will likely walk out of here in a food coma but their lunch specials are huge, tasty and can't be beat. Make sure you order an egg roll- they are super crispy and massive (I swear each one resembles a small burrito in size rather than your standard wimpy egg roll).\n\nBonus- this place is a downtown staple and has been around forever. I have heard rumors that it used to be a brothel!
i will GLADLY spend $20-something on one meal here. GLAD. LY. \n\nThis is what I ate:\n\nSirloin on the wood grill with green beans. and a side of raw horseradish.  i basically licked my plate. It was one of the best steaks i've had in a LONG time. there were no imperfections on my cut of meat, i was able to eat every single bite of that 12 ounce beautiful hunk of cow. I mean, i wasn't able to eat for the rest of the day but so worth it. I didn't have to trim off any questionable pieces, every bite was perfection.\n\nthe flavors of the wood grill are very strong and pure bliss. and the seasoning made me sing. \n\nand the green beans were rock stars. although, i saw someone dipping the large steak fries in au jus and i got a little jealous that i didn't order fries but maybe next time. \n\nand i mean, if you think about it, since this is all i ate that day it averaged out to like $10 per meal if i pretend to divide it out and that's a steal!
"""If you are craving some island food in Chandler then this is the place to go. Get past the backyard Hawaiian themed decor and the \Tropical Friday\"""" shirts the staff has to wear and the food is pretty good. I would not say it is the best Hawaiian food but it will do. The Luau Pork plate is one of my favorite then I would say the lunch bowls are a close second (with the Rumbi Rice). I would recommend passing on the steak selection as it is not all that great. \n\nAs I have stated before, fresh brewed iced tea is always a good thing. Two kinds, regular and mango."""""""
It's difficult to discern where this restaurant falls in terms of its cuisine. Flipping through the menu you can find Taiwanese food, Cantonese food, Shanghainese food,  and a myriad of others. This aside, however, Asian Cafe Express does a spectacular job despite its identity crisis.\n\nThe Cantonese food in this restaurant is fantastic. It's been a long time since I've been able to find some great food in the area, but this place knocks the socks off anything I've had. \n\nThe Taiwanese food in this restaurant is sub-par, but still acceptable compared to the other restaurants in the area given the fad of Americanized Chinese food.\n\nAside from my criticism of the Taiwanese food, this restaurant does a fantastic job both with the food and service. The decor is nonexistent, but I personally do not expect anything spectacular having come from Asia.
The green curry is not so good. It's very basic and just tastes like paste mixed with coconut. I prefer when there is fresh lemongrass and thai basil in it and some spice, heat and more seasoning. \n\nHowever, I had this soup there. I'm not sure which one it is. It's closer to the bottom of the soup menu. It's served in one of the metal bowl things with the flame under it. It is red and has lots of lemon grass stalks in it and what looks like it might be galangal(?)  woody looking chips, chicken (I don't even like chicken) and spicy deliciousness (that's an ingredient now). This soup is killer. I think about it all the time. If I could marry it, I might. It's only $8 as well and enough for two people to share, and I would go as far as to say that it would fill you up at lunch time.\n\nGo there, try this soup. \n\nOther than that.... um the place isn't very nice but it's not bad either, just a casual small little restaurant. The service is good- nothing else is very memorable about it for me except that soup, Good stuff.
"""I've been coming to Chloe's Corner since it opened back in the day as \The Counter.\""""  It is probably one of my favorite lunch spots in the area.  It is quick, yet relaxed...and the food is perfect.  They have a plethora of salads and sandwiches, and everything I've tried gets my seal of approval.  \n\nI usually always get the Classic grilled cheese along with a cup of their tomato soup.  I don't know what it is about this grilled cheese, because their really is nothing out of the ordinary about it, but damn they are so good.  Dip it in the tomato soup and it is a bit of heaven (or your childhood...).  When I feel like switching it up, I'll usually get the chinese chicken salad.  The chicken is shredded and the dressing (ginger-soy) is so delish....I usually end up ordering an extra side of the dressing because I like it so much.\n\nIf you are in the Kierland/Scottsdale Q area for lunch, do not hesitate one bit to come into Chloe's Corner for lunch.  It's quick, affordable, and tasty."""""""
I have been back again and again, they are still awesome.  Every time I go or call in an order I vow I'm going to try something different and every time I order the same thing.  One day, I'll try something other than the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken.  \n\nTheir take out is very well run, they know who I am when I call and they even know what I want, it's always ready when they say it will be and it's always hot when I get it home.\n\nThat said, eating in is always best, not sure why but the food just tastes better on a plate than it does from the plastic container.
I really like this place for breakfast.  There is almost never a wait for a table, even on Saturday morning.  The food and service is reliable.  There are some healthy options on the menu as well as some very not healthy options (which we all sometimes need and want for breakfast).  One of my close friends introduced me to this restaurant years ago.  As it is downtown, it was awfully out of my way to go again.  But, I always thought of it fondly.  Now, that I am only minutes from downtown - I think I will be getting here more often.  I'm almost glad that there are several poor reviews on yelp because it secures my ability to wander in and get a table whenever I please! :)
"""Today is (or should I say, was) the first day of my \no eating cupcakes\"""" diet. \nHowever, the lure of \""""salted caramel\"""" cupcakes was too much to bear, and I ended up trying TopIt Cupcakes.\nThe storefront is really cute, and clean, and the people that work there are very nice!\nThere is a little area on the wall where you can \""""top it\"""" if you want to add to your cupcake toppings, as well ( I've never seen that before, but it's a great idea).\nNow, for the sugary details. \nI only ordered 2 cupcakes today (down from the normal 6, but I cannot continue to eat like this and fit in my skinny jeans!). Although I have never had a good peanut butter cupcake (usually too greasy) I ordered a peanut butter and jelly cupcake, and of course, salted caramel.\nBoth of the cupcakes were good in flavor, but the salted caramel could've used more sea salt (just a tad more, mind you). \nThe peanut butter and jelly (finally!) was my fave of the day. It was a white cupcake filled with grape jelly with peanut butter frosting (and, a little cookie on top). FINALLY, a cupcake store that got peanut butter right!\nHere's the negative on TopIt: Compared to Caketini (the best I've tasted so far) the cupcakes both were a little on the no-so-fresh-in-texture side. Not that the cupcakes were dry, but the tops were a little \""""crusty\"""". I know...picky,picky, picky...\nI get that they don't use preservatives, and I am happy for that, but just a tad more on the fresh side would've snagged me for life...or the life of my skinny jeans...\nAlso, these cupcakes are \""""normal\"""" size, which I personally like better than the biggies at some of the other cupcake stores...\nStill, this place has a lot to offer in the cupcake world, and I'll definitely be back on Fridays for Cotton Candy, Malted Milk Ball and whatever I can stuff in my ever-growing tummy."""""""
Went to Cardinals Stadium (now called University of Phoenix Stadium) on Sunday for the Cardinals/Rams game - and what a difference a few hundred million, a retractable roof, and some AC make.  It becomes quite evident how awful having an NFL team play in Sun Devil Stadium was. The drive to the Westside is well worth it.  It's a gorgeous facility, that is the envy of the stadium/arena world.\r\n\r\nOnly minus is for the guy a few rows up who drank too much and hurled all over himself and the rows in front of him.  Guy knows how to clear a room.  Plus stadium staff didn't clean up the area as well as they could have....boo!
"""Ihappened by during their soft open, and I was very impressed with the food. They have a great selection of meats and they are cooked perfectly. They even give you choices of regular or moist briskit (a little fattier to give it more flavor). They have a good house barbeque sauce.\n  The facility is pretty simple - very \bar\"""" atmsphere and TVs along the walls. The staff is great, and eager to make sure you enjoy the food. I'll be coming back."""""""
""".8 star for atmosphere\n.8 star for service\n.8 star for cleanliness\n1.2 of 2 stars for food\n\nStreets of New York, Camelback 2 blocks east of Central\n\nPizza & Wings, Those are Our Things\n\nDecember 2008, the Phoenix Metro area christened its\nlight rail system.  Running from Mesa to North Phoenix,\nit takes a turn west at Central and Camelback. There's\nalso a train stop at this major junction.  Streets of New \nYork is a two block walk.  One can work up an appetite\ngoing and walk off a meal on the way back to the train.    \n\nIt's called \Streets of New York\"""" because it serves New York\nstyle food, especially pizza.  Thin crust, tomato sauce, and\nwhatever you want on top.  There are several made-up\nchoices, including the original pizza of New York , the \nMargherita.  There's also a full Italian menu but we are\nserved  only pizza and wings.  \n\nAnd served we are.  We've always had good service here.\nThere's a full-service bar, several large screen TV's giving\nthe place a sports-bar flavor.  There's seating outside when\nit's desired.\n\nWe get a large pizza in our pizza and wings special, medium heat\non the wings.  We eat half in the restaurant and take half home\nfor that great well-mixed flavor of heated day-old pizza.\n\nTraveling?  Birthday party?  Family night out?  A little romance?\nOur last trip there was some serious business talk in a \ntable near the corner.  Give it a try."""""""
I haven't had their sandwiches but had to post a review based on the Gourmet Fries. \n\nIn a word: Awesome!! \n\nThere are five options of Gourmet Fries from which to choose: Original, Cheddar, Cheddar and Bacon, Ranch and Bacon or Cheddar, Ranch and Bacon. I was looking for a light snack to hold me over until dinner and hour and a half later, so I bought the Cheddar and Bacon. Oh, I have butterflies in my stomach just thinking about how good this was. Yeah, it's the processed cheddar cheese and those bacon bits are certainly processed. But I'm not going to a mall eatery to find something authentic. What's tops is, I was able to get my fries to go so I could carry them with me to Sally's where Bas bought hair color (that bitch is younger than me and always points it out, but is going grey already.) Afterwards, we walked through Wal-Mart where I chowed down on those fries. One would think no one has ever seen a white boy eat cheese laden fries judging by the looks we were getting. The best part was the cashier's expression as I was shovelling forkfuls of fries into my mouth as Bas was buying laxatives. Priceless!
Went here for a second time. I do like how you come away feeling less guilty about eating out because their menu seems so health-conscious. I like their off-the-beaten-path drink menu. Honey and cucumber lemonade, who'd have thunk? Extremely refreshing. Looking forward to trying more drinks in the future.\n\nLast time I was there, I had the shrimp dumplings, which were fine, and butternut squash ravioli. Really good but not as filling as I would've liked. This time, I munched on edamame dumplings for an appetizer. They mash them up really well. Not sure if everyone would like the paste-like texture but it was yummy to me. Had just a hint of spiciness and was wading in sesame-oil broth. I had a grilled sustainable salmon fillet on a piece of wheat bread with cilantro aioli and I went for the sweet potato hash. The hash is worth a trip here. It wasn't greasy. I like it loads better than home fried potatoes. May try making it on my own sometime.\n\nSitting inside is kind of neat because you can observe staff prepping some items on open islands. Staff has seemed perfectly nice so far. A friend said she got looks from some people when she went for how casual she dressed. I didn't get the sense today as one guy came in with a bulky backpack and someone else was in jeans. And nobody should be criticizing as the wait staff themselves are allowed to wear Keds or whatever sneaker wear. Anyway, I'd bring visitors or native friends here. Lunch for two with appetizer and a drink was about $40 before tip.
My fiance and I finally checked this place out after hearing so many amazing things about it from friends. There was a bit of a wait, but i think it was worth it, and chilling in the grocery was a perfect way to kill the time!\n\nWe shared a delicious salad, the orange fennel, and some ceviche, then had 2 pizzas so we'd be sure to have leftovers to take home. The salad was by far my favorite part of the meal. Absolutely perfect with mandarin oranges, fennel, goat cheese and champagne vinaigrette. To die for. The ceviche was refreshing and tasty and i really enjoyed the wild mushroom party pizza. Several different varieties of fungi, and again, more fennel. The Fallen Angel pizza was good, but i was not expecting the flavor of the sausage. \n\nOverall, we were very impressed with the food and we'll definitely be back.
I'm such a sucker for a place like this. First of all, the aesthetic of the place basically mimics anything I would ask for style-wise. I love the oxidized steel and the sink in the women's bathroom...so great! \n\nAnyways, I really had a great time here. My partner and I went with another couple who recommended the spot. We got a little table right next to the Bocce Ball court which was fantastic.\n\nI had two long islands which were both perfect strength and exactly what I wanted after a long week. To eat I ordered a chicken salad (i can never remember the names of all these salads...they start to run together) and shared my partner's 1/2 and 1/2 (french fries and sweet potato fries...yum!). It was excellent. Not anything out of this world or new or anything like that...but still really good. \n\nI was perpetually impressed by the music selection too. We walked in to some old school MJ and then ended up hearing Feist (and actually something besides 1, 2, 3, 4...), and Esthero. So I was happy. \n\nI had a really great time here. The only bummer was that trash smell, but I just read in Jason's review that Filiberto's is to blame for that one. Sad. But they threw on some nag champa and covered that right up and we were good to go.\n\nSo all in all, head to the Vig, sit outside, have a drink, play bocce ball and have fun!
Service - 4 stars. \nSelection - 4 stars \nPrice - 4 stars. \n\nThe furniture is clean, contemporary and very well made. Every single item of furniture we have is from this place and that alone goes to show that we do like this place. \n\nThe service can be picked up a notch but is way better than their location at Scottsdale. The last time I was here, the service was excellent. \n\nOh and the prices, I found a bar stool I was looking for here, cheaper than online ! So I wont complain too much about it.
Not sure what to expect, I was pleasantly surprised by the location, the food and good service. Sat on the back patio overlooking the waterfront. \n\nOur appetizer Cilantro Jalapeno Hummus was absolutely delicious. I look forward to enjoying it again. Two friends ordered the Spicy Chicken Wrap.....it was HUGE....and very very spicy. I ordered the Lavosh Shawarma Wrap - it was ok, I added the hummus to the sandwich and enjoyed it more. Delicious greek salad. \n\nSo many other things on the menu that I'd love to try -\nHummus w/Seared Ahi Tuna\nRoasted Red Pepper Hummus\nFalafel Platter\nChicken Del Sol\nYellowfin Tuna Honey Sesame Salad\nBlack Bean Burger\nGlazed Chicken Lavosh Pizza
"""This place is pretty cool. When I first walked in I thought it was going to be lame because it's in a stripmall and frankly, a concert venue that wasn't originally built to be one won't always have the best sound quality no matter how much eggcrate  you glue to the walls. I'm also a huge snot about this kind of thing because I grew up in Los Angeles and have been to pretty much every small venue in the entire city (Roxy, el Rey, those kinds of places) and I think I know it all. (By the way, as soon as I hit thirty I woke up that morning, the day of my birthday, and instantly knew that I do not know it all. But I digress...)\nI saw Peaches and MEN last night and it was awesome. It's easy to get in, it's easy to move around once you're in there, it's an all-ages venue, drinks are average-priced and pretty strong, and the sound was fantastic. Plus, the bartenders are nice and serve you in the order that you approach the bar (meaning they didn't let giant tattooed tits dictate how long you must wait for your drink). In fact, everyone I encounted who works there is pretty nice too, from the bouncers to the ticket guy. I didn't see any fights last night and while I thought some of the random sections roped-off with yellow \caution\"""" tape was kind of ... weird, I still think this is a decent enough place to see a show that not every MTV doof in town is going to show up at."""""""
We had dinner this time.  A wide variety of dishes.  I had beef bourguignon, the others had chicken dishes.  One opted for the 3-course meal.  The food was good.  My only complaint would be that the beef was too fatty.  But they gave me so much of it that I ended up with enough beef to satisfy my personal portion requirements.  The others seemed to enjoy their chicken dishes (one was the brie chicken, I forget what the other was).\n\nWe also had a coupon for free muffins with minimum purchase.  Their email club is pretty good.  We regularly receive coupons, and they are decent coupons.\n\nWe will continue patronizing Mimi's.  No, it's not the Cordon Bleu (I imagine...never been there), but it's good stuff.
"""This is really an awesome store.  Though I am not what you would call \crafty\"""" and I have never made a card myself, I had a great time wandering around and looking at everything.  They had a lot of very impressive finished projects on display around the store and on the shelves right below were all the supplies you would need to create them yourself.  I thought that was really cool.  The only reason I even came in here was because my husband and I had breakfast that morning at Yoli's Cafe.  Gazing out the window, we had a discussion about what a cool idea it was that someone had converted a collection of old houses into a plaza of shops and restaurants.  So cute conceptually but the place was in serious disrepair and it looked like most of the stores had closed.  So sad, we said, looks like this place won't make it thru the recession.  Then, as we watched about half a dozen women came walking from the parking lot into one of the shops.  At that point one of the ladies at the table next to us asked for the check and told her dining companion to \""""hurry up\"""".  So, we followed them into the store to see what the fuss was about and there they all were in the stamping class making cards.  They looked like they were having a ball!  I did end up purchasing a stamp for my sister since she enjoys this hobby.  But after seeing how much fun they were all having, maybe I will give it a try myself sometime..."""""""
When my friend found out I was visiting Arizona, she wanted me to visit her brother's restaurant:  Tott's Asian Diner.\n\nUnfortunately, when I came, I wasn't able to see Yun on the day that I dined there, but I still enjoyed my visit.  They had an assortment of noodle dishes you can order from all over:  Japanese, Singapore, Korean, Hong Kong, Cantonese, Mandarin, Thai, Bangkok, and Malaysian styles to name a few.  Lots of reasonably priced appetizers and curry dishes.\n\nWe ordered during dinner with appetizers so it was over $10 a person, but their lunch specials are generally around $6-8/person.  We had Pork Roll (YUMMY!! I recommend this!!), Tom Yum Soup (tasty, but we won't order it again), Lemon Chicken (Yummy for the many tender cubed pieces of white meat chicken.), and the Traditional Singapore Rice Noodle (HUGE bowl of dry curry noodle.  It was good :) ).\n\nOne more thing, if you're looking to try this place out, it's next door to Starbucks.
I have always heard bad things about Ra so I never wanted to make it a place to dine for sushi... I do think that most negative comments were referring to the location in Scottsdale if that makes any difference.  So what brought me to Ra was a team dinner with my coworkers.  The drinks I had were a little sweet than I usually like, but still good.  We were sat right away and the service was attentive... everything I had sushi wise was very good.  I enjoyed this much more than what I had at Kobe Japanese Steakhouse & Tepan & Sushi.  I would agree with other reviewers that the music is really loud and kind of out of place for a sushi restaurant.  In fact when we first arrived the music was at a normal level and then at some point they really cranked it up so then you kind of had to shout at the people in your party.  Other than that I really enjoyed the sushi and would come back for lunch since my office is close.
Breakfast foods are the best foods and, I'm pleased to report, Taylor's does the genre proud.\n\nI've dined here twice, both in the morning.  Taylor's is located on the NE corner of 44th St and Camelback and, if you want to find it quickly, you should turn into the complex when you see Cork 'N Cleaver.  Otherwise, prepare to drive around in circles wondering if the map on Yelp was wrong.  It's a little hard to spot at first.\n\nInside, you'll find a cute little cafe with cute little tables and a cute little patio.  It's so cute I could just squeeze it.  Seriously though, it feels exactly like a breakfast joint should.\n\nBut let's get to the good stuff: the food.  I'm a big fan of morning grub and Taylor's certainly delivers.  My first visit, I had a chorizo and egg dish that was perfectly cooked and reasonably priced.  More recently, I had the poached eggs with salmon which was a giant mouthful of delicious.  If I remember correctly, all the poached egg dishes were priced the same regardless of meat choice, so I had to make it count.\n\nI did knock off one star for the lackluster service we received on our most recent visit.  Still, if you're in the mood for some breakfast eats and the Good Egg sounds about as exciting as a Coldplay mixtape, give Taylor's a try.
Im sad to read the bad reviews... I dig this place.  As with many places Im sure that they have the occasional misfire, but all in all they really do serve a mean schnitzel.  \n\nI don't know why anyone would go there and order anything but sausage or schnitzel.... It's a German place, don't order a cheese plate or a pasta.\n\nThe Hubby and I hit them up about every other week now that we live within walking distance. The beer is great - fantastic German options that are wicked hard to find on draft anywhere else in town.  The atmosphere is just okay, but the service has always been good... the sausage is YUMMY and the sauerbraten is to DIE for. All of their sides are tasty too - I've never lived in Germany, but the spatzle, wirsing, red cabbage and dumplings are UBER!\n\nDon't expect it to change your life, but go get your beer on- star with a sausage sampler and try something off the specials or schnitzel list.
As you can see from my check-ins, I have become a regular @ BOB.  They have greatly improved on their service (much appreciated)!  My friends and I have returned multiple times for their nachos and pizza! I also have ventured out and tried their Tree Huggin' Veg Head and Spinach Artichoke Calzone - all good.  Make sure you catch Happy Hour during the week to take advantage of their drink and appetizer specials! They have Wi-Fi and the music they play is also really good! SOLID! :)
I love La Tolteca the variety of truly authentic Mexican fare.  \n\nMy Mom was in town from Alaska and craving some good Mexican food so I took here to La Tolteca to get her fix.  We had a shrimp ceviche tostada, lengua taco, taco al pastor, and chile rellanos.  All were excellent and with the habenero salsa they had a nice kick that left a tickle in our throats.  \n\nI will for sure be back and I know anytime my Mom visits this is a must eat place for her.
I recently tried OHSO. Nice layout and design... modern and casual. Their menu features cheese and charcuterie plates, flatbreads, burgers, and other comfort-style dishes. I had the grilled cheese with a cup of tomato soup. The tomato soup reminded me of pepperoni pizza, which was strange at first but actually pretty good. It was the perfect order for a chilly, rainy day. The 48th Street Fizz (orange vodka, pineapple, lemon, st. germaine, and beer) was sweet, but tasty (love cocktails with carbonation). They have an extensive list of local and regional beers. Overall, it's a nice little neighborhood spot.
I live just up the street from here and pass the place all the time. Today I finally decided to stop in and check it out. \n\nI was there in the middle of a Monday afternoon, so I cannot speak to what the place might be like when they have bands there. But for an afternoon it was just great.\n\nThey have a pretty eclectic selection of draft beer, so I had a 90 Shilling (excellent) and a Hemp Ale (also good). They have a couple of more unusual brews, plus the regular assortment of domestic brews, Fat Tire, Kilt Lifter and an IPA....oh and Guinness, of course.\n\nI had just eaten, so I did not try the food, but some of the others in the bar seemed to be enjoying theirs. I looked over the menu, and pledge to return for food and report back.\n\nThe gal tending bar was great, super friendly and willing to give me the scoop on the good stuff they had.\n\nTwo premium pints and a $3 tip came out to $10. Needless to say, I will be back! An uber-dive to be sure, with low prices to match.
We've been eating here for almost 15 years.  5-star food, 3-star facility.\n\nIf you like a good, cheesy-gooey NY-style pizza, this is the place for you.  The pies are good enough to offset the dumpy ambience which, believe it or not, was recently painted and redecorated.  Seriously, Ray's is the gold standard by which we judge all pizza joints that we visit --- in AZ and beyond.\n\nStaff can be grumpy (also NY style! ;-)), but they warm up to the many regulars that frequent this place.  To us, when it comes to pizza, taste trumps service and ambience any day of the week!\n\nWalls are decorated with NY and AZ sports memorabilia, and behind the counter you'll see photos of the main proprietor as a young teenager working at a pie shop in Brooklyn with (presumably) his dad.  Yep, pizza runs in the family here...and you'll appreciate it at first bite!\n\nTIP: Free pitcher of soda with a whole pizza, which I think is unadvertised, so ask about it when you order.   UPDATE: Not sure this is still valid, but there is usually a Yelp special in place.\n\nThey do deliver, but only on orders of (I think) $100 or more...\n\nIncidentally, there are several Ray's Pizza shops in the Valley.  We haven't visited them all, but this one trumps (bad pun) all of the ones that we've visited in terms of awesome tasting pies.  \n\nRay's at 3rd St and Bell Rd can't be beat!
First off, the employee who helped me on my first visit was on fire with his explanations of custard and ices and combinations, etc. It made me more informed, but yet slightly more confused. Finally, I decided on the thing where you get ices on bottom of cup and custard in the middle and then another layer of ice and custard on the top. I really liked the ices better than the custard. I had coconut cream ices which were great and since the custard comes out of the machine, it won't be hard-packed, but taste more like soft serve. Still, quite refreshing.
"""This Fuddruckers location is just down the street from where I live... so I've been here on quite a few occasions. However, the whole \exotic\"""" burgers they've been promoting the past month or so have gotten me more excited to visit them. I was really looking forward to trying an ostrich burger... but alas, ostrich isn't in season until November. I ordered a wild boar burger instead.\n\nIt was quite tasty. I got it with pepper jack cheese and bacon (because topping of wild pig with more pig just made sense)... and it was quite filling. :) \n\nI've never been disappointed with service at this location. So yay for Fuddruckers!"""""""
We tried Brat Haus at the invitation of German friends of ours.  I like a good brat and cannot remember the last time I had brats and beer.  After a summer of healthy eating I was ready to indulge a bit.\n\nWe sat on the patio in the August afternoon and were quite comfortable under the industrial strength misting system.  The tables are much like the common tables one would find in a beer garden and in this kind of setting it works well.  I can imagine making a few new friends for the evening once the weather cools offhand the crowds return to outdoor. Seating.\n\nLooking over the menu it was readily apparent that there was something special going on at Brat Haus.  The menu hints at artisan sausage makers pursuing their dream.  It is not likely that brats ever catches on as a category killer food segment, so it is nice that this spot is so focused on bringing something different to the party.  Add a nice selection of german and belgian beers, and crisp Belgian fries and the menu would be complete.  Brat Haus goes a bit further adding a couple of salads, burgers and a pulled pork sandwich.\n\nWe ordered - everyone tried something different, which was nice since their are about 15 different sausage options.  I got the spicy brat.  Others tried the sweet brat, a lamb sausage, regular brat, salad and a burger.\n\nEveryone was very leased with their choice.  I opted for sauerkraut on my spicy brat.  Nicely done on the kraut.  Not the sour vinegar slop from a jar found in many US grocery stores.  This kraut must be made on site because it was mild and fresh.  Tasty combo with the quite spicy brat.  The only drawback was a so-so bun.  Note to management: cut a deal with the German bakery on Indian School around 20th street or so to supply broedchen (German rolls - crusty outside chewy inside) and you will have not only the best brat in, well just about anywhere, but will have an unparalleled destination for anyone who craves something near their best experiences in central Europe.\n\nFinal note.  Our waiter was great.  I doubt this was just the luck of the draw because everyone working looked happy and engaged.  It reminded me of Oregano's,which happened to be housed in this spot on Scottsdale Road until moving a bit south.\n\nBased on the apparent quality of ingredients, artisanal attention to details, unique offerings as wells as standby favorites, attentive and friendly service and beer selection I heartily give 4 stars,  upgrade the bun and I would cheerily upgrade to 5 stars.\n\nNow if we could just get that Fall chill in the air to go with beers and Brats!
Even in the chaos, the LGO always comes through! \n\nI've never had anything but the french pancakes with EVERYTHING on them! So yummy, though I noticed the last couple times I have gone in they have gotten a bit stingy with the creme, honey and fruit...for the price, pile a tiny bit more on please :) \n\nThe hubs usually gets the commuter sandwich and never has any complaints. They have great OJ and iced tea! \n\nI've never gone here to shop, I've only bought MJ potato rolls from here during the holidays, it was first come first served and I was told they would start selling them at 9 a.m. so there I was promptly at 9. When I asked the girl who was standing around handing out menus where I could find the rolls, she was clueless. She tried to give me English muffins. I told her again that I was looking for the MJ/tammie Coe dinner rolls. I get a blank stair. Then the hubs spies them in the corner behind the cheese case and just went back there and grabbed 2 dozen for us. Those rolls are a huge hit with our family! \n\nThe parking is a big fat fail. \n\nIts a fun place, great atmosphere and tasty breakfasts! \n\nTheir pizza's are pretty fabulous as well!
"""Lord Have Mercy!\n\nI finally stopped in after my stomach was grumbling this evening. I'm no stranger to BBQ nor soul food, so I was ready to go once I walked in to this joint. \nThe menu offerings are displayed upon a chalkboard behind the counter. It consisted of your typical smoked meats, sides, desserts and beverage offerings. \n\nThey offer their meats in either 1/2 lb. or Full Pound. Their sides are offered in 8 oz sizes, with some sides such as Potato salad, coming in either smaller or larger sizes. \n\nI bellied up to the counter and went for Gusto. I ordered 1/2 lb. beef brisket, 8 oz Mac & Cheese, Peach Cobbler and a Sweet Iced Tea. \n\nThe pleasant lady behind the counter had her hands full with counter orders as well as the telephone ringing of the hook for takeout orders. \nShe politely asked me to have a seat and she'd bring my drink out to me. \nThe sweet tea was definitely sweet. Just like Gran used to make. \n\n15 minutes later I was graced with the order of brisket, smothered in a sweet, slightly tangy BBQ sauce, and my side of Mac & Cheese. Both were piping hot. When the gentleman brought it out, he asked if I wanted my cobbler hot or cold. A nice touch. \nI ate my supper, and cleaned my plate. They brought out my dessert after I was done. The only reason I took a star off was because I was a little unimpressed with the Cobbler. The flavor was there, but it was a bit \wet\"""". There was a  very thin sugary syrup that was on the first 1/2 inch of the bowl of cobbler. But once I dug in, it was gone, wet or not. \n\nI did like the fact that even though this is a place where you order at the counter, there was still some dining room presence. A young lady came around in between orders and asked if we needed anything, and offered me a refill on my Iced Tea. \n\nThis place will definitely see my ugly face again. It's a solid, neighborhood BBQ joint that has a decent selection, and the prices are very fair. \nDon't forget, CASH ONLY!!"""""""
On a recent trip after not being here for quite sometime I was surprised that is wasn't a bit more crowded. We had no problems finding a seat at the bar. \n\nThey have a great deal everyday of any glass of wine is $5. We had a few glasses of wine and had The Butcher's Block for an appetizer. Very good mix of goodies for sure. It always had a nice ambiance and great prices. \n\nSince it's starting to cool off I know I'll be back a bit more.
How is it possible that 7 people ordered 6 bottles of wine and 6 huge bruschetta boards and their check is only $130?? \n\nI have no idea, it must have been a rip in the space/time continuum. That's the most obvious answer to me, anyway.\n\nIf you haven't eaten at a Postino's, I mean seriously, what are you waiting for? An invitiation? Well if that's it.. then here. I cordially invite you to dine at Postino's.\n\nThe service leaves a little something to be desired- like a server pouring my wine. All they did was open the bottle and then set it back on the table for us to pour out ourselves. We even opened one of the two bottles of Prosecco we ordered. To me, that's absolutely ridiculous. This is a wine bar, if I wanted to serve myself, I would go to Total Wine and take that shiz home with me. \n\nBut whatever, it was still a blast and the bruschetta were delicious. I will definitely come back. Many times.
As a transplant to North Scottsdale I noticed the lack of real Mexican food. Blue Agave isn't what I would call real Mexican food but it is still a really good place eat. My family and myself dine here at least once a week and I can vouch that their fajitas, enchiladas, and I know my dad father loves their shrimp salad. Their chips and salsa are tasty and the drinks are relatively cheap and you can usually find a $10 for $20 coupon on here which makes it a good value.
Fantastic food, but generic breakfast restaurant atmosphere. The french toast was amazing - two inch thick slices of bread. If you want a big hearty breakfast, this is a solid choice. Everything was good. My only complaint really was the lack of choices for potato. Eggs were perfect, bacon was tremendous and not too greasy, and english muffin was nice... muffin was a little overbuttered for my taste, but good. Breakfast is simple, but also easy to fuck up. They do a great job with it overall. \n\nThe service was good when I went. Seated rather quickly and our server was cute and happy to please. I'm a fussy customer too, so she did really well to cope with me. \n\nA few random notes... Prices were a bit on the high side, but you certainly get a huge amount of food. They carry Splenda, but you have to ask for it because they don't keep it at the tables. Their coffee is average, but certainly acceptable. The sizes of their glasses are pure comedy. I ask for an OJ, and then have to select a size... I'm told sizes are 'regular,' 'large,' and 'huge' - there was a tiny glass already in front of me and that turned out to be the large. I could only imagine the shot-glass they call a regular. The huge glass is what I'd call regular. It was big enough for an OJ though.\n\nI don't know that I'd drive out of my way considering how many awesome breakfast places are near my home, but if I was in that area I'd definitely stop there for a good hearty breakfast.
I stopped in for lunch the other day and I really enjoy this place. Dive, yes this is a dive.  Nothing fancy at all. This location is tucked away in a corner and can be a little hard to find.  It's a good sized space with lots of tables.  It's a simple place with a different take on chinese/mexican/carribean food.  I like it.  The portions are generous and it's pretty cheap.  No plates, your food comes in aluminum containers so you can pop a lid on it and take it home if you don't finish.  The menu and how to order can be a little confusing but the folks behind the counter are super helpful and always offer free samples to help you make your decision.  I'd bump it up to 5 starts if it were cleaner.  The tables and floor need to be kept up better.  The soda area is around the corner and I think they tend to forget it because it's usually a bit messy.  If you go in knowing these things you won't be dissappointed.  I'm suddenly craving a jerk chicken quesadilla........
I've been a regular at Urban Beans through all of its phases...uno, duo and tertio.  The addition of wine and beer has been a welcome surprise.  We stop for coffee, iced drinks and for happy hour...and never been disappointed. Whatever you do, do not try the toffee...if you do, you will become addicted. \nThe staff is always friendly, the baked goods are as good as you'll find anywhere and the atmosphere is what a coffee house should have. \nLandscaping and patio are well done and comfortable...despite being along 7th street, you can carry on a conversation there and be comfortable.
We stopped in on July 4th for lunch. We were told we could sit wherever we wanted. \nThe server walked over and asked for a drink order. He later brought chips and let us know they had a salsa bar.\n\nWe walked over and they have a big selection. We tried several and they were very tasty. We ordered the fried quesadilla with chicken and beans and rice and an order of guacamole.\n\nThe quesadilla was amazing. The chicken was cooked perfectly and it was spicy. The refried beans were the best I have ever had, I just wished the side was bigger than the small cup it was served in.\n\nEverything was excellent, except the service was a little slow. We had to ask for water, silverware and an extra plate a couple of times before it was brought over. But, the food definitely made up for it. Cant wait to go back!
We have dined here and picked up to go orders several times, and it has always been a good experience.  That being said, we only always order the gyros with side salad and my son gets the chicken fingers with french fries (fries are very tasty). We have not tried anything else outside of our comfort zone.  We pretty much come here when we are in the mood for gyros and it is close to our home. The food is always delivered quickly and with excellent service.  \nNot crazy about the ambiance in the restaurant.  Not sure what it is exactly, but it doesn't leave me with warm, fuzzy feelings.
"""Let's get this out of the way first, I'm not a big fan of \fancy\"""" steakhouses.  I tend to think they are stuff, too old fashioned & boring.\n\nThat said, this place proved to be an incredible night out & meal.  Apparently I was overdue for a \""""hot date\"""" with my lady friend, and after reading some other Yelpers & checking out the website, I went for it.\n\nWe booked online reservations, and it was smooth sailing from the start.  We had a table right on the window, that just has incredible views.  The restaurant is dimly lit and has a modern, understated decor.  It is very comfortable and inviting, and it helps showcase the fantastic views of PXH.   ** As a side note for you other \""""date night couples\"""", the line, \""""The view here is beautiful, but not as much as you\"""" went off without a hitch.  Cheesy.  yes...  Cliche... YUP... Fantastically awesome... Check Yes!\n\nAnyway, I think part of the reason I don't typically like places like this is the servers look at me with a condescending tone, as I don't probably look like I \""""belong\"""" there, but our server was exactly the opposite.  He was nice, friendly & took the time to really ask what we like to make suggestions.  He picked one of the best appetizers I have ever had, the sweet corn tamales.  I could go, get a drink & just eat those...\n\nHe was also part of a team of people that are very quick and friendly at serving.  They also don't interrupt you to do thing s like fill water or clean plates.\n\nTo the food!  My lady friend had your standard Filet & I had the spiny lobster special.  The lobster was mighty fine, as it was served with a taste-tastic Tabasco butter.  I love the little things like that.  We also split some sides - Mac & Cheese and the Roasted Mushrooms.  The mushrooms were incredible.  I've never had anything like that before.\n\nBeyond the food, I always take it upon myself to really explore the specialty bar menu, to see how good their \""""bartenders\"""" really are.  Two slightly buzzed thumbs up!  I had a sour cherry caipirinha that was a seriously well crafted beverage, and again our server made excellent wine & cognac selections for after dinner.\n\nAs close as some of the other tables are to your own, we really weren't bothered by them.  The drunk pack of cougars next to us were entertaining if nothing else, and the foreign tourists on the other side were having a completely crazy conversation.  \n\nAll in all, it was a great night, and \""""Hot Date\"""" night was a hit with my lady friend.  \n\nI don't wear non flip-flop shoes often, but I'd definitely dust off my close toed shoes and go here again.  It has just the right mix of a little fancy, casual sophistication, modern and old traditional charm."""""""
"""My first thought upon entering Chompie's, \what a neat little restaurant\"""". It's a sit down restaurant, diner style. It's a bakery. It's a deli. All in one.\n\nRight after being seated we were served our drinks and a plate of pickles and cucumber pickles (yes, I know all pickles are cucumbers but these were halfway between still being a cucumber and a full blown pickle). Odd but a delicious and surprising appetizer.\n\nThe menu is expansive... I was overwhelmed. I was originally craving a sandwich yet after quickly scanning the menu I noticed there was not a single veggie option. Sad, I moved on and quickly found 3-4 other entrees to decide between.  I finally settled on ordering the Israeli Couscous Fitness Salad *see picture*. It was HUGE and delicious. The lemon infused olive oil dressing was perfection. And I love that it came with a bialy as I badly wanted to try one here. If you are curious it's like bagel only not... it's a yeasty soft centered, crusty on the outside roll. A staple in Jewish and Polish dining. My friend ordered the Fitness Omelet which came with choice of healthy side and a bagel or bialy of your choice. She and I both enjoyed our meals and finished each bite. \n\nBeing a NY style Jewish Deli, I knew not to expect too many vegetarian choices,... there are however a few options, they accommodate special requests, and there is the daily soup which is vegetarian chili.  I was also impressed at the Polish-esque  entrees, I did not try since nothing compares to my grandma's cooking in that department.\n\nService was friendly and attentive even though the place was quite busy. As a UofA alumni, I could have done without every single server wearing ASU gear but I was in their territory after all."""""""
"""Yay for Fujiya Market! \nTiny market tucked away in a corner, but worth the drive. I had no idea it existed until recently (yay to Yelp!). Since moving out here, I miss my Japanese ingredients, Japanese candies, anything Japanese (including shampoos & conditioners). That being said, it is a small market so the selection is somewhat limited, but it's better than any other place I've found in \the valley.\"""" \nAn added plus: you can get (for good price) a quickie meal (bento box, katsu-curry, etc). And it tastes Japanese (as opposed to having an \""""Americanized flavor\"""")... you can tell it's authentic. This place has saved me on many occasions when I didn't feel like cooking and just wanted a premade meal."""""""
i was first introduced to luke's in Tucson on grant road..many years ago.  awwhhh...good memories of that lukes.  monday we discovered that a brand new one opened in chandler...we had to try it!  we both had the italian beef sandwich with fries of course.  i requested my peppers on the side. oh man the beef was better than when i remember..juicy & tender.\n\nit's in the same shopping center as wholes foods next to the boutique.  it's a relaxed atmosphere, friendly service and brand new.\n\nalthough it was delicious.. i won't be able to frequent this spot because my jeans won't fit :) but definitely worth trying once if you have not.
"""Yup, 4 stars for you Best Of Italy.\n\nAfter driving around old town this afternoon frantically hungry me and the girl were starting to get up in arms about finding a spot to grab some lunch while out and about.\n\nTill I noticed, not for the first time Best of Italy, with a full dining room and \blue collar\"""" inviting environment perfect for the savvy foodie out for a quickie lunch.\n\nAs we walked in, my girl looked skeptical and I could tell by her face that, this was NOT the type of place she'd think I would have chosen. \n\nIn my male sense though, I pushed it on past and ordered up a couple slices fresh from the counter from a clean cut, and well accented Italian dude, which as we all know is first sign that place is gonna rock. \n\nSecond, I noticed the dough machine in the back vigorously spinning a fresh batch, also a key note to \""""this place is gonna rock\"""" \n\nShe ordered a Meatball sub and, as we sat outside, looking at the weird tourists and old farts wandering through old town, indulged in what was honestly one of the best bangs for the buck found in the east valley.\n\nTotally worth checking out for that \""""5 dollar\"""" lunch as it will leave you begging for more.\n\nSo no 5 stars you say?, It's good but c'mon man they charge you for that third refill :)"""""""
We got a Groupon NOW! and checked this place out on Sunday.\n\nThe atmosphere is modern, with lots of T.V.'s, large booths and a huge patio.\n\nMy burger was cooked perfectly, had lot's of flavor. The shoe string fries were crispy, but the sweet potato fries were average, not salted and not very crispy. The water tasted so good, I didn't need a lemon! ( note to other resturants, water matters )\n\nI noticed a coupla other reviews that ranked the food as average.  Maybe off days? I'm pretty picky eating out and am not afraid to say it.\n\nThe red wine list actually has more then just a Cab and Merlot!  The list was a good size and prices were standard.\n\nService was really good, this place was clean and very friendly.\n\nI want to go back and check out the salads, and the Happy Hour looks great!
Good sushi? Yes. Best I ever had? No, but the price makes up for it. Plus I love the conveyor belt. Not that original but I have only found one other place near me with it. Service is so-so but you basically serve yourself so its irrelevant. No plates over $2 and they have a little chart that lets you know what color is what price. I got a rainbow roll, gyoza (potstickers), shrimp tempura roll, edamame, and a cali roll for $9 inc tax. And the time I went with my bf I can't remember everything we got but we were both stuffed (and he eats a lot!) for under $20. Great place to go for quick, super cheap sushi. They also have a menu if you want to order anything not on the belt or if you don't want to sit at it. Definitely my new favorite!
I've become a fan of Mamma Mia's.  They throw down some good NY style pies.\n\nYous wanna go haves on a pie, I'll meet yous at Mamma Mia's.\n\nYesterday was the first time I had been to this location.  We grabbed a quick lunch around some work I had to take care of and a funeral.  They always have some kind of deal going for 2 slices and a drink, around 4 bucks.  Big  tasty slices of delicious NY style thin crust pizza and a drink for $4 bucks.  Why would anyone go to a fast food joint when there is a Mamma Mia's nearby?\n\nI have 2 more reviews on the way for the microcosm of food that exists at the intersection of 7th St. and Indian School.
This is my new Panera for lunch.  Came in with a friend... got the 1/2 sandwich and 1/2 salad.  Both were yummy and filling and you even get a freshly baked cookie with it.  My husband has told me that the staff room at his worked always has a box of their cookies out and now I know it's because the cookies are awesome.  They are the crunchy around the outside and soft and gooey on the inside like fresh baked cookies your grandma makes.  I like it a lot and will be a repeat customer.
Very good noodle shop.  I got referred here on my second day in town by the folks at Fujiya.  They were right.  I went for lunch and I almost could have missed it, tucked away in a little corner in a shopping plaza.  But the outside appearance belied the cute interior. \n\nI am waiting for it to get cold out (or even mildly less than scorching) so I can go in for some Ramen!!  Real Ramen - nothing like it.  This trip I had Tempura and some cold noodles. - Good stuff.
We were in the neighborhood looking for something to eat and with the positive yelp ratings, we decided to try Flavors of Louisiana. \n\nWe arrived at 7:40 on a Saturday night and were surprised to realize that it closed at 8pm. In my opinion, that seems a bit early to close on a Saturday night.  The decor was charming with a wood plank-like floor and Burbon Street meets bayou decor. Upon entering, we stepped up to a window and ordered: fried pickle appetizer, I had the chicken and shrimp dinner and the husband had the crawfish po' boy. We also ordered the peach cobbler for dessert.\n\nNow a $6 appetizer seemed a bit steep, but when we received the food, it was enough for 6 people! They were full strips of pickles -- not little picke chips. And they were delicious! I love fried pickles.\n\nI guess when you get down to it, it's all just deliciously spiced fried food, but this was really good! It was not too spicy which is sometimes a problem with Cajun food.all of the accompanying sauces were very flavorful and added a lot to the food. My husband really liked his po' boy as well. Included with each meal is a delicious fried roll. I mean, really. Who knew that southern food had a doughnut equivalent. OK, so it's not a doughnut. it's a deep fried dinner roll -- crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. It's a really great invention.\n\nAfter chowing down on the generous portions, we ended up taking up the peach cobbler and ice cream home. Now maybe it was because we took it home, but I didn't really like the peach cobbler. I expected it to be more peachy and buttery.  My husband ended up eating most of it.\n\nSo my nutritionist will kill me when she finds out about this meal, but for a cheat meal, it totally hit the spot. If I am ever back in Goodyear, (which is not very often) I would love to eat here again. We will probably make a trip out there to take my mother-in-law, who LOVES etoufee. We are fans!
"""When clients came to town wanting a Mexican flavor - but something really casual - we took them here. This happened more often that you might think really.  And while it worked great for the really casual folks, the building itself is nice enough that for folks who are normally anything but casual, they feel comfortable too.  \n\nIn this location service has always been wonderful, but the star is really the decor.  While the food is clearly \chain\"""" food, the location is built in a \""""we take pride in this location\"""" kind of way.  Good lighting through the place.  Pretty cozy bar area - though there are enough tables to support a larger group.  \n\nEverything in here just feels so cozy and comfortable - including the really nice wait area, that you almost forget you are in a big chain. Much \""""nicer\"""" experience overall than most of their other locations."""""""
I went down to Phoenix for Spring Training and ran across this place in the middle of no where.   Waffle in the name of the joint and I love breakfast food so why not?\n\nWent in there first thing I saw was a Lamborghini outside the Waffle House, and my friends claimed they just saw Amare going into it.  I was too slow to confirm this nor could i get a camera out so oh wells, but if rich people will eat here, why not an average joe like me?\n\nThe place is a bit small, I wouldn't bring a group of 5 or more since none of the table can be together.   The wait wasn't horribly long, about 5-10 mins.  When we sat down the waitress was prompt with the menu and gave us some time to order which is rare in a quick serving food joint that's packed.\n\nI got the Special which consist of a giant waffle, 2 eggs, hash browns, toast, and 3 bacon/sausages for 8 bucks.   You order this with the warm syrup and bam instant gratification.    \n\n1 star for the food, 1 for the service, 1 for cleanliness (for a diner setting), 1 ease of parking/location
This location lacks the character of the original location but it's a nice option for North Scottsdale dining! Although it's located in a strip mall on the freeway, once you step inside, it feels like a family-friendly restaurant with a little bit of Mexican flare. There's plenty of seating making this a good option if you want to have a big party. \n\nThe food is decent and your generic restaurant Mexican food. Holy large portions though! I ordered the carne asada tacos and it came with a salad, then two very large flour tortillas, two large pieces (probably 3-4 inches long each) of carne asada beef and heaping beans and rice. All of it was very delicious but had I know the size of the portion, I would have definitely shared. You also get chips and two types of salsa with your meal. \n\nIn summary, this is a pretty basic Mexican meal experience, but in a good way. I think it's nice that North Scottsdale has this option and I can only imagine that the bar area can get pretty crowded on the weekends.
C'mon, how can you not?  I have been to the top of Silly Mountain.  How can you not stop here and take the hike to the top?  It's not a terribly strenuous hike, the scenery is nice, especially to the east.  The desert is in bloom right now (see pics) and it's...Silly Mountain.  \n\nHead toward Apache Junction out the Superstition Freeway.  Parking area is right by the junction of Silly Mountain and Superstition.  \n\nLater you can dine in Absurd Valley just off the Conjecture Boulevard.  Actually, Absurd Valley is in SoCal, so you may have to settle for Whimsical Wash.  I'm sure The Big Rock Candy Mountain is around here somewhere...
"""The best place on the planet for Santa Pictures each year.  My kids love visiting this place, and I love that they are always welcomed here.  Its the kind of place that makes me feel on edge as a parent because my kids can't resist the idea of making a run for it and doing something obnoxious like jumping on the ATV's, climbing inside a display tent, or \riding\"""" a pillow fish...but never once have they gotten a sideways glance from a Bass pro employee.  It would seem that even at their most obnoxious, they are welcome here.  \nI like to tease that the displays are a \""""zombie zoo\"""" which makes my kids say \""""maaaawaaaaaaaaaam....they're not even real, and zombies aren't even real either\""""....I have to allow my son to believe that the displays are made of plastic and fake fur or he'll cry.  Whatever. To each their own.  Its a fun family outing."""""""
I couldn't believe how busy this place was for Monday at 10 am.!  This was my second time eating here and both times the food and service have been terrific. I went here with my sister and nephews. I usually don't go out to eat with kids but this place was great for kids because of the sitting area outside. I had the commuter sandwich with smoked salmon and it was amazing! The homemade english muffin is what made the sandwich. My sister had mia's french pancakes. I tried a bite and they were also very tasty. This place can get really hectic and yes the parking sucks but the people who work here are unbelievably nice and the food is delicious!
"""\Welcome to Moe's!\"""" \n\nI usually hate when an establishment has some sort of forced greeting like this, but for some reason, I love it at Moe's. While the food is not better than Chipolte, or Baja Fresh, or most other fast food burrito chains, Moe's has a couple of things going for it that I really like. \n\nThe big one is a different option than most. You can order the Triple Lindy, which gives you the choice between sour cream and guacamole. Since I dislike sour cream and love guacamole, this is perfect. Most other places (Chipolte) overcharge for gauc. Moe's on the other hand, charges you if you want both (the Home Wrecker) or the cheap option is one or the other (the Triple Lindy). \n\nMoe's also has a pretty good selection of cheap beer!"""""""
As someone who came out to ASU from the Midwest, I have to admit that one of my favorite things in Tempe is the In N Out by the 202.  Before I came out here, everyone I had talked to from the West Coast raved about In N Out burger and they hype is well deserved.\n   In N Out is fast food, but its the most fresh and flavorful burger I have ever had, and for some reason, even the bun tastes better than at most places.  And for anyone totally new to the place, order Animal Style on your burger, you'll definitely be glad you did.
One of our friends recommended going to this location rather than the Bell location even though it is further away for us all. Now I know why. This location is so much cleaner and far more comfortable. I had the black bean veggie wrap which was delicoius! They had different sports playing on the TVs which I always appreciate. Our server was super friendly - I wish I could smile that much. I was very very pleasantly surprised and will definitely be returning.
Little know Debbie fact, back when I was about 21 , I had a strong hankering for  the hula . I took  hula classes, twirled  poi pots  about my head and shook my  coconuts believing it would  make me feel tropical and mysterious.\n\nNow, the closest I get to feeling tropical is a night at Hula's. Which is about as much effort as I want to put into it  mysterious anymore.  Hula's Modern Tiki  screams  a fusion of tropical funky with delicious delights . When I walk in the door i am ready to be pulled away from the outside world and imagine myself sitting in a beach town bar.   For me the kitschy , campy Polynesian style makes me me feel giddy.  I love vintage, camp and the Hula's pulls it off. I have  had some amazing good times drinking a silly  drink called Mr. Funk --a combo of coconut rum, banana liqueur and who knows what  served in a tiki glass, sitting with my darling bestie Tom S.  , gossiping , dishing and figuring out the walk of life. We both love  the Poke   , a dish of raw tuna , avocado with a sauce de soy.  The coconut spring roll makes me happy as well. It's light , sweet and stuffed with shrimp and coconut. I can highly recommend  their food.  Think fish , think tropical flair , think delicious.\n\nJust about every time  I am at Hula's I have enjoyed myself and loved my experience. I am sure hanging out with Tom has a lot to do with it but  it helps to go to a fun place too.  i have a personal conviction you can' t drink out of a glass shaped like a tiki god and not have fun.\n\nThe staff (except for one  underwhelmed waitress who seemed quite irritated when we asked for drinks at the bar, what was THAT about)  have made me feel welcomed and comfortable. They tend to act like they enjoy what they do and they are hanging out with you too. I look forward to more good times at Hula's Modern Tiki  ....
stopped in on a beautiful saturday afternoon. i tried the cheese course duo (not bad, but didn't stand out to me), lime basil (very refreshing)., real mint chip, salted caramel and ended up sharing  a scoop of bacon brittle and sweet corn w/ a friend. bacon brittle was very good, but i just wish there were more bacon brittle pieces. i like my ice cream chunky! the ice cream base itself was good and creamy, but kind of plain. sweet corn was also good, but didn't wow me. \n\ni tried a friend's melon duo sorbet.. it was soooo refreshing and tasty! he was totally contemplating about getting another scoop. another friend got the billy goat (chocolate ice cream made w/ goat's milk) and he really liked it too. he said it's really rich and he was jonesing for another scoop as well. \n\ncan't wait to go back and try more interesting flavors!
I'm always willing to check out an Aaron May concept. I loved Sol y Sombra up in DC Ranch, even though it was isolated in its island-like existence way up there. The food and atmosphere was primo, so when I heard he was opening up another tapas restaurant, I never had my doubts. \n\nSome holdovers from Sol y remain -- the patatas bravas, the pil pil, the sol y sombra -- but by and large, the variety on the menu (which isn't overwhelming by any means) is fantastic. Of the five plates I had, I sampled surf, turf, veggies, chutney and grilled bread. \n\nThe trout, a nice-sized fillet for just $8, sits on a bed of chilled veggies in a summery vinaigrette, and is the best value on the menu. The filet mignon, a perfect medium rare spiral cut, also was a good value at $13 considering the plate size. \n\nI wish the cocktail menu offered more tequila-based drinks -- it's mostly rum -- but the Aqwa was something special (albeit bizarre): cacao and cane infused liqueur, caffeine, ginseng, guarana and lots and lots of juicy lime. The bartender told me most people have been afraid to order it, but I didn't hesitate. This kind of cocktail mastery belongs at May's other Old Town concept, Mabel's on Main.\n\nThe atmosphere is decidedly Spanish -- high-energy Salsa music, tiled floors, vaulted ceilings and a cramped but effective bar area. The semi-outdoor patio looked interesting at a glance, and will be a hit on warm nights. I'm glad they left an understated remnant of the old Pitschke's that used to occupy the space -- a tiled accent beam that supports the roof. It adds some color, yes, but the ode to the space's history is a respectful touch.
A solid cajun restaurant.  I really like gumbo - ambrosia for the gods as far as I'm concerned (the gods miraculously don't gain weight from it).  Yes, I've had better gumbo elsewhere, but the gumbo here was quite flavorful and I enjoyed it.  I tend to prefer the creole gumbo which is usually thicker than the cajun gumbo (the gumbo here seemed to be of the thinner cajun variety), but meh, it was still good.  I only ate here for lunch.  So, I got the gumbo with a half po-boy.  The po-boy was also quite good.  I picked the shrimp version.  Could have used more shrimp on the po-boy to fill it out a bit more, but again, not a deal breaker.\n\nPrice is tipped on the higher end for my usual standards.  This is expected for any place that serves seafood though.  So, I wasn't surprised.\n\nMy server was excellent.  Polite, knowledgeable, prompt.  Can't complain.\n\nAmbience.  Again, can't complain.  Seemed nice, though from what I read, it can get loud at dinner.
If anybody finds a better tasting and healthier soup/s than here, please contact me asap...  :D\n\nI happen to be a soup fan (I said soup, not curry damn it ! ) and this place is something that I always crave about for soups... Roasted Garlic Tomato... ooooo la la....\n\nSandwiches are good too (except that I have not tried many)... and needless to say that a variety of bread options are enticing... its not a trend here in the States to eat bread dipped in coffee, but if you are willing to try it, this could the the place....  (apart from your own kitchen ofourse !)\n\nOverall a nice and tidy place to have healthy and delicious lunch / brunch and a cup of coffee with bread...
"""Good daily specials and lunch/express menu.  Family friendly.  You order at the counter.  If you order off of the regular menu, they bring food to the table.  Food comes out fresh and hot.  Drinks are self-serve.  Salad bar available.  They also have pasta, wings, and sandwiches.  The atmosphere is great casual pizzeria atmosphere IMO...just dark enough without being too dark, a TV with sports on that makes it just loud enough, especially if you have young children, and comfy booths available.  To be honest it's not our favorite pizza, but it's one of our favorite \sit-down\"""" pizza joints because of the atmosphere, value, variety, and service."""""""
Takamatsu restaurant is combined of Japanese & Korean menu and the sushi. The important part I look for wenever I go eat out, is the customer service. Right before you enter, the greeter is there greeting you, then comes the waitress/waiter to take you to ur table. Excellent service. Not only that, they check on you ever 10-15mins making sure your fine. Since I started going to this restaurant, I dont see anything wrong w/ service and food. We were completely satisfy with the food. All I advised is that you order slowly on the sushi rolls, otherwise you'll pay for your wasted sushi :D  Enjoy
I was so excited to see a hip new restaurant gracing the streets of my childhood stomping grounds that perhaps I set myself up for disappointment. Don't get me wrong, I really liked the place. The atmosphere was cool and the service was friendly, but the food didn't quite meet my expectations.\n\nI opted for the seared ahi tuna salad. I think the tuna was a little too done, and the salad a little bland. Others in my party had a Mediterranean salad, quesadilla and burger. All were good, but not exactly outstanding. What WAS amazing was the artichoke dip and freshly fried tortilla chips we had as an appetizer. The onion rings weren't bad either.\n\nSo my biggest gripe really came in the finishing touches. Waitress forgets my wine, no biggie. Gives me a dirty appetizer plate, okay I'll ask for a new one. Brings our dinner fare before we've polished off our appetizers (or even had time to taste them), and I'm less understanding. The place seems to invite you in with a warm and cozy feeling, but once you sit down the hurried pace and cramped table made me feel like I was in a fast-casual joint wolfing down my food. Not great. Still, the place is a welcome addition to the neighborhood and I'll definitely give it another try.
"""We've had something similar at a \Mongolian\"""" bbq joint down in Florida and it wasn't all that great.  So the wife I don't think had high expectations.  I was looking forward to this meaty delight as I'd heard good things.  Arizona Restaurant week provided a good opportunity to get out and sample this fine establishment.\n\nAs it turns out...this is what I was seeking.  The service by the staff that puts the food in front of you was great.  As we grabbed a table at the bar waiting for our buzzer to buzz in less than a minute we had a basket of cheese stuffed bread in front of us.  It was good.\n\nThe salad bar was good also.  Tried to go light on that to save room for the delightful meet onslaught that was to occur in the near future.  Notables were the potato, chicken, and apple salads.  All very good.  \n\nNow...flip the card over from red to green..and the staff that are running around every few minutes with different cuts of meats will drop by your table and ask you if you want some of what they're carrying.  It's an awesome site...seeing multiple filets skewered and getting hunks sliced off from whichever ones are cooked to your preference.  ...and let us not forget about the bacon wrapped fillet pieces also.  Some of the most flavorful things you will ever taste.  My wife isn't as much of a steak person as I am and she loved them.  The bacon-wrapped chicken was very good also.  The lamb also, very tasty.  \n\nThe dessert was good also.  Wife had what was a pretty good piece of cheesecake if I recall correctly.  My key lime pie was also pretty good (not the best key lime I've had...but pretty good).\n\nThe \""""bad\"""":  This could've been 5 stars.  There were 2 things that kept it from being so (one that bugged me more than my wife, and the other that really irked her and bugged me a little too).\n\n1.  The AZ Restaurant week ad for this says \""""During restaurant week guests will also choose from a selection of 12 decadent desserts.\"""" for the 3rd course.  We were given a choice of 3.  Cheesecake, Key LIme Pie, or a Chocolate cake.  I'm always irritated by false advertising.  \n\n2. The service was spectacular by all of the chefs.  It was great in general, until it was time for the bill.  We were beginning to wonder if they wanted us to eat for free.  We were waiting for over 15 minutes since they cleared our table for the bill.  At least 10-15 after someone had told us they would check on our bill.  \n\nSo Fogo...you almost had 5 stars.  I cannot complain about the food though and the service in getting it to our table.  That part of it was great."""""""
What can be better than sitting in an open air bar on a beautiful Spring afternoon, sipping on a freezing cold Moscow Mule while listening to live music? \n\nAnswer: not much.\n\nI had a really great time at this bar. It was packed with Spring Training out of towners, locals both young and old and just all around good people. The vibe is super chill and down-to-earth. The bartenders are busy, but friendly.\n\nThey always have live music here, but it's never too loud to down out your conversation. \n\nI loved the Moscow Mule and the cool copper mug it comes in ($15 if you don't return it!), but the margarita on the rocks was not too good. Stick to what a dive is good at: beer and the occasional house cocktail.\n\nWill definitely return.
I grew up going to races in NC (ahem, the land of Richard Petty), so I wasn't sure what to expect when I got tickets for the Subway 500. My husband had never been to a NASCAR race, so I was excited to take him. It can be an all day experience, if not all weekend, so I was worried when we left at 11:15 if we would make it in time. It took just 35 minutes to get there from North Phoenix and FREE parking. I was impressed with how easy it was to park and get into the gates. We had our earplugs, food, drinks and in our seats by 12:15. As long as you are seated in rows 25 or above, I don't think there is a bad seat. Next time, we will bring scanner headsets, but if you don't have them people are nice enough to tell you what's going on if there is a wreck. Next time I'd like to get the Pit Passes. My husband loved it, too! He's already talking about going in November. It's a small track, can't really compare it to Charlotte, Daytona, but it was better than I expected!\n\nBtw, if you are going to bring your child (I wouldn't recommend any child under 3 or 4), I would recommend earphones that fit their ears or head or the wax drops. I saw one kid who couldn't get his earplugs to work and he looked miserable with the sound. It's loud!
"""A chef that can do great things with brussels sprouts always get major points with me, second only to one that can make creamy soups not laden with cream. Mark Tarbell does both exceptionally. \n\nOn our last visit, I broke tradition of ordering the special of the night and opted for the chicken. Yes, big deal one thinks ... think again. There is something magical in that bird, a perfect balance of salt and crispiness. When available, I go ga-ga for the lamb with brussels sprouts and french lentils. Another must is the duck confit appetizer. Heaven. \n\nI typically don't bother with the pizza -- it is good, but not really an attraction. The by-the-glass list has several good selections, including a very well priced sparkling. The waitstaff is efficient, professional and friendly, something of a rarity even among many \upper echelon\"""" establishments in the Valley. Yes, parking can be a bitch at that plaza, and yes, parts of the menu are a tad bit weather worn ... but sometimes there is nothing wrong with a little comfort food."""""""
I totally take my mom here when she is in town.  LOVES it.\n\nThe food is great.  The atmosphere is great, and I actually expect the bill to be higher than it is when it comes.  Great.\n\nI would give them 5 stars, but I have experienced some lesser service levels.  Went for sunday brunch, made the fatal error of arriving at 9 instead of 10, so we couldn't order bloody's...what a newby....\n\nWe were still there at 10.  The server, if he was good, would have had those bloody's ready.  But he didn't, he forgot.....oh, and they were on the bill.  So that did cost a star, I'm afraid.\n\nOtherwise. go and enjoy an excellent dining experience.
Really wish I worked nearby so I could frequent this place for lunch. Since they are only open til 3pm that limits me to Saturdays :(  I have been very pleased with everything I have tried, from the caramel macaron - amazing, melt in your mouth, and super-flavorful, like caramel popcorn! - to the mini grilled blue cheese sandwich on salad with pears with a really tasty vinaigrette.  The chicken salad was delightful and i LOVE their brioche rolls, they are perfection. The staff is wonderfully friendly. The place is very clean.  The prices are on the high side for the portion sizes, but the quality of the food is superb. I'm happy a place like this exists in Tempe!
This is pretty little golf course! \nI generally prefer a course that doesn't have a million houses surrounding it, but there is some architectural diversity in the homes around Gainey, and the course itself is very appealing.\nI played the Dunes/Lakes rotation today (Gainey Ranch has 27 holes, which is great from both a variety and pace of play perspective).\nThe course has a nice variety of terrain and is well kept and lush. The Lakes has water in play on several holes, and requires accurate approach shots on a number of holes. The Dunes, while somewhat drier, has its own difficulties to navigate, with a number of dry washes, and desert terrain, as well as a narrowing of the landscape in the driving areas for the big hitters.\nIf you tend to leak your shots (or somewhat more than leak) this will be a difficult course on which to score well. It is hard to start a shot at a house and hope that it slides back to the right and in play!\nThe course is very well maintained and the service is first rate (it is a country club, after all). Beverage carts are plentiful and well stocked, so that adds to the fun!\nThey have a nice patio for a beer after the round, and it's a pleasant 19th hole, to sit and recount the good shots and forget the average after the round. If they would let me walk the course, it would be just about perfect!
We were staying at the Marriott Canyon Villas and went to Roys for Happy Hour.  Between 4:00 - 6:00 Roys has a great Happy Hour.  $5.00 drinks, including their Hawaiian martinis and $5.00 appetizers.  We had lobster pot stickers, tuna sushi, and California rolls.  All were delicious.  I've never eaten a meal at the restaurant but if you want a nice little buzz and a pretty full stomach in a lovely environment on a pauper's budget, this IS the place.  Don't miss it if you are nearby.
"""Day 037/365\nYelp Challenge 2011\n\nI ate a delicious black bean/two cheese/no lard burrito at the Blue Burrito Grille, located near gate A20, in the US Airway wing.  The lemonade was also bottomless (\immediate refills only\"""" said their sign, didn't specify how long \""""immediate\"""" really was).  There's also two CPK take out locations, along with a TCBY, and a Burger King, all in the same one area.  I haven't had TCBY since college.\n\nI emailed Levi in Tucson and let him know that I was just passing through AZ.  I've never been to the actual towns of Phoenix or Tuscon."""""""
We have been in for lunch many times working in Downtown Chandler and it has always been very good.  Decided to try it for dinner with my husband.  Food was absolutely amazing.   Hubby had the tenderloin and I had the Rib-eye.  Both were done to perfection and the sides were wonderful as well.  Portion sizes were generous without being massive. We both had a glass of wine and the wine list is pretty good if a bit pricey.  The ambiance and decor are outstanding.  The only reason I did not give it five stars was the fact that the waiter who has served me at least 10 times for lunch didn't even begin to recognize me and asked if we had ever been there before, he was also a little on the slow side for refills. There was no bread either which we thought odd.
BevMo is like Toys-R-Us for adults.  The first time I walked in my jaw dropped and I was in awe.  Great, great, great prices.  We bought all of our alcohol for our wedding here - liquor, wine, champagne, kegs.  They gave us a 10% discount on all of our wine & champagne because we had gone over the case limit as well as a $10 off coupon.  You can earn bonus points if you sign up to get a BevMo card and we have already received a 5% off coupon.  After our wedding we were even allowed to return the liquor that had not yet been open. \n\nThey also have wine tasting on the weekend, but it is for a cost...I think $2.  The only downfall is it is in a warehouse style room and the wine tasting area is awkward and was not well thought out.  But it is never too crowded and you never have to wait in line long. \n\nThe best part is by far the killer prices.  \n\nCheers!
"""I wish I knew a little more about dim sum and the names and ingredients of the entrees that fill the carts.  I feel ridiculous for pointing and asking, \What's that?\"""" only to be responded to in limited english.\n\nThe up side is that I end up trying new things and just taking what looks good.  Luckily for me almost everything I picked was really tasty.\n\nI have been out for dim sum before but I don't remember the names of things.\n\nMy fam and I came in for dim sum after catching an early movie on Sunday morning.  We were seated quickly which was surprising considering the place was packed AND we were a party of six.  \n\nThese things were great: shrimp dumplings, garlic shrimp dumplings, bean curd wraps, steamed pork buns (X100), shrimp balls and shrimp egg rolls.  Apparently we chose a lot of shrimp.\n\nI was hoping they'd bring around the bbq pork chow mein noodles but they never did.  I did see people with them at their tables so I know they must have been on a cart somewhere.\n\nThe negatives included: Our table had no chili oil, since we were seated at the back it was hard for the carts to get to us, a tad crowded, not enough rotation of carts coming around.\n\nAll that aside, this is the third or fourth time I've been here and I probably will be back.  I left very full and satisfied."""""""
The one in the scottsdale mall is still there hopefully, I love this chain, their french roast coffee is great, though pricey but most importantly the thing that made me move to PHX in the first place, their creme brulee tart, ohhhhh the breakfast of a century, so beautiful you are, I want to have you every morning for the rest of my life, I miss u sooooo, their napoleans are great too. Of all the things I remember from living in PHX for 2 years, this is the only memorable place, sad huh?
The staff is very friendly. The rooms while a little dated are clean. Every room has a mini refrig, microwave and coffee maker, a big plus in my eyes, I love every morning you can go and enjoy a lovely free breakfast inside or out on the deck or even back at your room. At Night they have fresh coffee and cookies if you are looking for a snack, \nThe hotel is well located to shopping and night life. This is the only place I will stay when I come to Scottsdale,
YAY!!!  I FINALLY found street tacos in Scottsdale that are quite tasty and hit the spot when I have my King Taco or El Taurino (both in LA) cravings!  \n\nPriced at $1.25 each, they fit in the palm of your hand and you can choose your meat preference.  I got the carne asade & steak and then they top it with onions and cilantro.  The chicken rolled tacos were quite good also and they were perfectly fried with a soft crunchy texture.   I'd recommend both without hesitation.\n\nAND, if you like spicy, you gotta try the habanero sauce.  I like spicy but this really knocked my socks off.  I probably sniffled for a few hours.\n\nDon't expect gourmet.  This place is quite the dive but pretty authentic :)
I first learned about Chino Bandito when the Chandler location just opened. And at that time I was a huge fan. I remembered how much I loved anything in the quesadillas. The cheese and tortillas were a perfect combination with something like sweet and sour pork...who would have thunk it!!!\n\nI have in the last few months gone to Chino's 2 times. I have always gotten my fall back the Jade Red Chicken Quesadilla, it is so good! And I have tried their Chile Relleno. Which is so interestingly unique. Who ever came up with the idea of using Chinese Wontons crushed up as the coating of the Chile Relleno deserves an Award! Who doesn't love Chinese Wonton!?!?! \n\nDon't forget the Black Beans, which are spicy and combined with the Jerk Fried Rice, YUMO! The best sides to your already unique and fun meal.\n\nI think the best part is when people see your food and you tell them Chinese Mexican Food. Their reactions are priceless! \n\nThis is not healthy food, this is not food to eat regularly, but every once in a while it is a darn good meal!
This is my favorite bar in Phoenix.  It's owned by the same people who own the Dew Drop Inn and one other place.  Yes, its a dive bar, however, it is handicapped accessible (usually at least two wheelchairs or walkers along the wall or at the bar), and is quiet and welcoming when I go, usually on weekend mornings for fresh-brewed coffee and Irish Creme liqueur in a huge mug. My companion, Mr Super Spicy. loves their gin-and-tonic's, and Suzy makes fine Bloody Mary's, sometimes with a paper parasol.  There's a big glass jar of pickled eggs on the counter, but I'm not brave enough to try 'em!\n\nThe shooting deer game is a rip-off, pinball works okay, and there's a great jukebox.  Other bar patrons are pleasant.  \n\nHOWEVER, I don't like afternoon and evenings, people and most of all, bartender changes, and it isn't as quaint, merely divey and loud.
I popped in with a friend and my two year old daughter for breakfast at 10:30 on a Saturday morning. \n\nThe wait was only as long as it took to bus a table, and even though the place is small, no one waited longer than 3 minutes to be served. The wait for service was a little longer.\n\nThe staff was immensely patient with my 2-year old, bringing a coloring page and crayons to the table and even miniature pitchers of milk to pour into her cup.\n\nDrink orders were taken immediately, but our food order wasn't collected until about 10 minutes after we were seated. Then we waited quite awhile for our food. 2 couples that arrived and were seated after us got their food before us. Luckily, the food was worth the wait.\n\nMy daughter got the 1-egg breakfast with an egg, sausage and home-style potatoes. I got the traditional eggs Benedict with home-style potatoes and my friend had 2 pancakes (syrup, bananas and pecans on the side) eggs and home-style potatoes.\n\nMy food was delicious and served hot. If I lived in Tempe instead of North Phoenix this would absolutely become a regular haunt.
"""Chicken fingers are such a basic concept, but the type of breading makes all the difference.  The fingers here are plump and juicy and the breading is actually light and crunchy, while I wouldn't call them my favorite chicken finger I have ever eaten, I would say they are my favorite fast food chicken finger.  They are much better than KFC or Jack in the Box, and there is something about the simplicity of the menu that I really like.  I love that they have crinkle fries, which in my opinion or the best fry you can get and the Cane's sauce is addictive!  It is cool, creamy with a punch of flavor, and I dip chicken and fries in it equally.  When I get \The Box\"""" I always sub an extra sauce for the coleslaw, which I could care less about but it isn't bad.\n\nThe Texas toast is a somewhat odd addition, but no carb lover should turn their nose up at it!  Probably my most favorite thing at Raising Cane's is the lemonade...it is the BEST lemonade I have ever had, much better than Chic-Fil-A's which I sometimes think is sour.  Sometimes chicken strips just sound good, and Raising Cane's satisfies, so give it a try!"""""""
After some shopping at Smeeks, I stopped by here just to browse. It was pretty busy for a Tuesday afternoon but Christmas is only 4 days away! They have some really cute & unique jewelry, that's where I spent most of my time browsing. I ended up finding an adorable necklace that would match these earrings I bought a couple days ago. I then thought I should find something for my mama, but wasn't having any luck. A sales associate asked if I needed any help & I told her I was looking for jewelry for my mom & that she was really into purple right now. She showed me these really pretty purple & gold bracelets that could go with so many different outfits. I bought 2 purple & 1 gold, I hope she likes them! Just as I was about to ring up my items, I saw the cutest headband with a beautiful rhinestone applique. I had to have it! Total for 3 bracelets, necklace & headband was $109...pretty freakin pricey but such cute stuff! Oh & I almost forgot to mention, they put my mama's bracelets in a cute lil box with red ribbon, love it!
I have been to St Francis several times and really love it but I had one dish that simply blew me away. The forbidden rice bowl-wow-flavors just explode in your mouth.\nI had chicken added for protein-the dish came to the table so fresh-with perfectly cooked veggies in season, the rice was beyond tasty and the shredded chicken the perfect compliment. The real star is the sauce-delicate,aromatic, light.\nI ate most of it for lunch then took home the leftover and and had a light dinner.\nI never eat the same thing twice in a day but this is the type f dish I could eat weekly.\nThinking about going back soon...
OK, I really feel that this place rocks...chain or no chain, CF is in another league when it comes to chain restaurants.  I have yet to have a bad experience (or even anything mediocre) at any of the locations.  The overall quality, selection, atmosphere and service are always top notch.  I generally only eat lunch here, dinner on occasion and even at the peak of the lunch hour, I have never experienced slow or lacking service.\n\nToday we were really hungry, so we started with Buffalo Blasts for an appetizer, these are amazing (see pics).  They taste like a fabulous combination of fried chicken and hot wings, served with hot sauce, blue cheese (the real deal) and celery sticks.  We both ordered salads, the BBQ Ranch Chicken (topped with onion rIngs) and the Chinese Chicken salad which has always been delicious.  We finished off the meal with a slice of Vanilla Bean cheesecake which is lighter than some of the other kinds, and absolutely delicious.  I could enjoy a big bowl of the whip cream by itself!\n\nOverall, I really enjoy this place and always look forward to treating myself to lunch here.  And it doesn't hurt that it's in the mall....lunch AND shopping is never a bad thing :)
I can't believe I lived in Scottsdale for over 2 years before going to Happy Hour here! It just made my day complete! \n\nI've gone there late night before. After the usual first stop at Saddle Ranch, my friends and I would wander over to Geisha and of course hover around the rock in the middle of the floor. That was my first love of Geisha.\n\nNow I've finally experienced their Happy Hour, which they even have on Sundays! How could you not love that? 1/2 price on all their drinks and appetizers--sign me up!!! Seriously though, the food was good. I had the veggie tempura, edamame, and gyoza (pork dumplings). I haven't developed a taste for sushi, but my friend loves it and has been going every Sunday for about 5 months now just to get it.\n\nPlus, 1/2 price saki? Saki bombs anyone? Yes, please.
"""We love coming to PCL because my man knows the promoters so we always get cheap vip and bottles, the staff is very friendly, and I really love that they consistenly play awesome dance music (there is never an awkward moment of \how in the hell are we supposed to dance to this?!\""""). I wish they had a patio and more places to sit, but all in all its a lot of fun coming here and when we go to Scottsdale we make sure to stop by and have a few drinks."""""""
Came here to get quarters for the parking meter, but felt guilty asking for change so we decided to purchase something. The man behind the counter was SO nice, and when I started asking questions about what everything was, he very patiently explained it all to me. Zam Zam water is holy water, didja know that? You can buy it here if you want! \n\nThey also have quite possibly the BEST baklava I have ever had: hazelnut, drizzled in chocolate, perfectly made. LOVED it. I am going to see if they can ship it to me, I have never had baklava that delicious and now that I have I don't think I can live without it. \n\nYUMMMMM!
This was my first time visiting a Rock Bottom.  \n\nThe food here is a little bit better then average.  My main draw would be the drinks.  They brew their own beer (obviously) and it is really good.  The flavors and options are not extesnive, but the selection is a good one.\n\nIf you are looking for a change of pace, visit this Rock Bottom - the staff is friendly, and service is quick.  Oh, and the Titan Toothpick appetizer is awesome!
"""I usually come here with coworkers for some special\noccasion lunch - like a birthday or something like\nthat. Also a few happy hours for leaving coworkers.\nAs far as food that I've had here - the Japanese\nAhi Rice Bowl was pretty good. Can't go wrong with\nAhi and every time I've had it, it's been fresh.\nI also had their Misoyaki Fire Grilled Salmon which\nwas pretty good as well. I must say of all these\nChandler Mall/Chandler Blvd Strip restaurants we \nfrequent for company functions - Majerle's, Keg, \nFirebirds, Chili's - this place has my favorite menu. \nAnd I like the layout of the place as well. We usually\npark in the back - south part of the restaurant and\nenter via the secret back door entrance on the southeast\ncorner - \sneaking in\"""" as the waitresses who catch us say.\nService has usually been decent. We're usually too caught\nup in conversations to notice so we'd really only notice\nif it was bad and that hasn't been the case."""""""
"""Have been craving the Tempe Pita Jungle for a bit now. Just miss the place...haven't been there in over a year. \n\nSo, I was riding the light rail today getting some errands done and just decided....\Hey, I've got nothing to do...and the light rail stops basically right in front of Pita Jungle....so, why not?\"""" So I rode the light rail into Tempe and got off at the Dorsey station, walked across the street, and there I was.\n\nI ordered the chicken schwarma (sp?) pita sandwich and a side of the green beans and an iced tea. And literally the food was served within two minutes....I swear. \n\nFood was still great tasting and great quality. I've always loved the green beans there.....reminds me of something my mother used to make. They are served cold....but they are SO good. I think it brings back childhood memories.....AKA comfort food.\n\nLove the vibe of the place....with the cool cross-section of Tempe patrons that visit the place and all the great artwork on the walls. \n\nGlad it's on the light rail line which adds convenience. \n\nGreat place to enjoy some great food in a great atmosphere."""""""
"""I came here on a date Saturday afternoon and have to say, this place is great!  Holy cow!  Total gem!\n\nThis place is suprisingly located in a strip mall of all things.  I walked in and really liked how the place was decorated.  Its not a huge resturant, but has a more fancy feel to it.  Not a place I would walk into with jeans on.  Classy enough to put on a nice outfit for a great experience.  (Im normally not a fancy diner, but for dates, I tend to turn it up a notch.)\n\nI was impressed with the service that I had here.  Menu is loaded with just about any and every dish you could imagine. I like variety, and this place had it.  Our meal started off with a bread basket and some dipping oil which I liked a lot.  Server got our drinks and we took our time reviewin the menu.  I went with the Lasanga.  I think my date had the chicken parm.\n\nServings were nice and big!  Tasty too!  It was funny, because even though the service was great, the service was kinda funny.  Date took notice and we had a good laugh about it.  I was taking my time with my lasgana, and the server kept asking me all the time if I was done. I kept telling him \no, I'm just a slow eater.\"""" Then, he would come back like 5 minutes later and ask the same thing again.  rinse, wash, repeat for the last half hour of the date.  Plus, the mexican bus boy literally stood table side to refill my beverage after I took more then 2 sips.  It was actually hysterical!  Date and I had a great chuckle over this!\n\nAnyways, I really enjoyed my experience at Nicks.  I guess they have several valley locations, and I plan on returning.   Great place for dates, parents, or just something nice!"""""""
The new location is great & it appears the horrible construction will be over soon on the shopping center.  \n\nAs both a consigner & a shopper here, I think it's a wonderful place.  The only thing I don't like is that they've closed their kid's store (Small Change), so now I have to go to Hissyfits or Kid To Kid for kid's things.\n\nAs a consigner = efficient, fast process.  I like that they tell you right then & there what they will take.  I feel I always get top dollar for the things I bring.  I won't be going to Second Look anymore because they want to charge you all of these crazy fees for consigning.  I'll definitely be bringing everything here.\n\nAs a shopper  = the new space is well organized, bright, spacious, and easy to persuse.  You almost feel like you are in a designer boutique, not a consignment store.  Really something for everyone, as they have designer/high end items & middle of the road/less expensive choices as well.  Everything I see is fashionable & decent quality.  \n\nOverall an excellent budget & eco-friendly choice.  I'm gonna check out the store in N. Scottsdale next & see how it compares.
"""Before going to NoRTH, I thought it would be just another chain formula \Fox-in-the-box\"""" type restaurant. Wow, was I mistaken! As a big fan of independent, mom and pop businesses serving up local flavor restaurants, I don't say that very often.\n\nNew York Steak\nThe NY steak was perfectly cooked medium rare and deliciously tender.  Not on par with anything from Donovan's or Ruth's Chris, but a solid choice for the money. \n\nScallops\nAs an avid scuba diver, I love seafood and eat scallops every time I'm near the ocean. These were some of the best I've ever tasted.\n\nTiramisu\nI enjoyed the tiramisu, especially the unique way it was served, but I don't feel that it was memorable.  Good, but not great.\n\nService\nOur service was attentive without being overbearing.  I appreciated the time our waiter took to review each section of the menu and provide not only suggestions, but commentary on the entrees."""""""
Hanny's drink menu has more options than eTrade, so obviously I freaking love it. It also makes me feel like I'm in that scene from the end of Drop Dead Fred when she's in the big scary house. Don't know why it reminds me of that scene..maybe the high ceilings? But that's pretty cool too.\n\nOne star deduction only because if I worked at place with a drink menu this freaking awesome, it would be all I'd ever want to talk about. In fact, I don't even WORK there and I still find ways to bring up Hanny's drink menu in regular conversation. But try to engage your bartender and two times out of three (I say this because there were three bartenders when we went and I tried to talk to all of them and only of them humored me), you'll get the cold shoulder. That's right, you will get #2 of the top ten ways to say no to drugs, circa  the D.A.R.E. program, 1994. \n\nAnyway, I've been here a few times and have always had fun, mostly because I am all about the Pimm's Cup so if it's anywhere on a menu, I'm probably having a good time. I told my boyfriend that Hanny's was special because they actually served real Pimm's Cups and most places can't. He didn't believe me and responded that he's sure Ocean Club could serve a Pimm's Cup. I responded that I have already tried (I haven't) and they couldn't (I wouldn't know, I haven't tried). Just so you all know how I roll when it comes to challenging my unchecked facts.\n\nI also had some Absynthe (this is what I wanted to ask the bartenders about when I got THE COLD SHOULDER). It was okay. It tasted like Sambuca but was a lovely shade of green. I don't think the kind they sell here in the U.S. have hallucinogenic properties but it was about my 6th drink of the evening so I obviously had a good time with it.\n\nI haven't had the food but I will definitely be back for some more Pimm's Cups. I don't give a shit if Ocean Club has them.
Only been here once. I didn't know this was a chain out of CA or anything. I just wanted a burger. I had no expectations.\n\nOverall, our party was pleased. I can understand some of the comparisons to In-n-Out but I think I actually like this place better simply because they have more variety on the menu.  That's NOT a knock on In-n-Out, they simply don't have anything outside of burgers, fries, and shakes. Does somebody in your party like bacon, a different kind of sandwich, salad, or onion rings? Can't go to In-n-Out...\n\nThe quality of the food was good. Everything was hot, fresh, and tasty. We had charburgers, sweet potato fries, regular fries. No issues with anything. Not a bad deal as far as I'm concerned.\n\nYou can tell they're a little heavy on the corporate style right now in order to keep things going in the right direction with the new location, but it wasn't offensive to me, despite what appeared to be a high number of people appearing to be 'supervising'. Service was good. We'll be going back.
I ordered take out from Wong's Jr last night for the first time and was surprizingly pleased.  You see, I'm a recent transplant from NY and I'm a bit of a sceptic when it comes to food out here.  I had gotten home late, wasn't thrilled with anything in the house, and didn't feel like going out again, so I decided on take-out.  I had been getting take out menus left on my door for months, so I decided to give it a shot.  They have a very large delivery area.  When I called, as soon as I told them it would be for delivery, they warned me that it may be an hour or so before it got to me.  That actually fit in well to my plans so I still went for it.  I ordered Mongolian Beef, Chicken and Broccoli and Sweet and Sour Chicken.  Everything was absolutely dee-lish!  He even threw in 2 eggrolls!  They gave me plenty of sauces and fortune cookies (sometimes they're a little skimpy on these).  The portions were overflowing from the containers.  Plenty of food for the price.  And... the delivery came in only 45 minutes. The man making the delivery found my apartment with no problems and was very pleasant and very appreciative of my tip.  Will most definately order again!
I enjoyed my visit to Asadero Toro.  The decor is minimalist, folding chairs and tables in an old Wendy's and a small bar with salsas and pickled vegetables on ice.  You gotta get carne asada at an asadero, I thought, and it was a good choice.  It comes served on a plastic tray much like you'd find at a school cafeteria, I felt special though as the other patrons got styrofoam plates :)  The food was delicious, solid tortillas, and they even gave me a char-grilled onion quarter.
"""I have never sweat so much as I have when I go to the dance floor at Suede.  Everyone is literally on top of each other and usually too drunk to notice, so if youre not in that frame of mind yet, I recommend that you head out to the patio and start shooting whatever \that guy\"""" is buying.  \n\nSuedes got a cool atmosphere inside and out, especially if you can go on a night where you can actually see whats what, and has great food if you can get in before the masses take over.  They play hip hop after 11 on the weekends, theres cover for guys and not girls, and a dresscode as well.  Drinks are pricey but average for Scottsdale, watch out for doubles of Grey Goose.  \n\nStandard Scottsdale bar...  Good times."""""""
Came to check out the waterfall/pond (lol) which was pretty cool. It would've been awesome if there was actually water coming down but it was still cool to see. I knew beforehand there wasn't gonna be any because there hasn't been any recent rain out here so I wasn't disaapointed when I got there. We went through the Black Loop trail to connect to the waterfall trail to reach it. It was a nice and easy hike to get to it. They also had some cool petroglyphs on some of the rocks along the way. \n\nThis is a pretty large park. It was not crowded at all, we only ran into one other couple the entire time we were there. The park is very nice and well manintained. The restrooms are clean and each parking area had pinic tables and ramadas. Some of them even have playgrounds for the kiddos. We will have to come back another day to check out some of their other hiking trails.
"""I love diners, I love a place where you have no idea what you want to eat, you go look at the menu and you settle on something that hits the spot. Before Jerry's my go to diner was 5 and Diner. Don't get me wrong I like 5 and Diner, but I love places that aren't Chains.\n\nJerry's is just a laid back diner, where I think after a few visits they learn your names and you become family. The waitress we usually get seems to remember us each time we go back.\n\nI have ordered the Fried Chicken, which was top notch! So flavorful and crunchy. I loved that the first time we went they only had one more serving so my friend and I couldn't both get the fried chicken. I mean he was a little bent, but I got to eat the chicken. And the fact that it is so popular that you are \lucky\"""" if you get to order it!\n\nI have also been back for Friday Night Fish Fry. The Fish Fry is really good fish and probably the best  tartar sauce of any diner I have been too!\n\nDon't forget the Cinnamon Roll with whipped butter...So sinfully delicious! I feel guilty eating it its almost too good!\n\nThis is definitely a place I will be frequenting! I might even get a booth that is my booth!"""""""
We got to watch The Avengers preview this morning!  (nah, nah, nah!)  :-)\n\nThe movie showed in the Imax theater here.  It was my first movie at this location (we live in Gilbert, if it wasn't for the free preview I would not come this far for a theater).  The theater clearly is not an original IMAX.  Comparing to the one at Arizona Mill makes that clear.  The screen isn't as big, and the seating not as vertical.  But it was a close approximation here at Westgate.\n\nThere was plenty of leg room.  If someone needed to get by there was no need to stand up and have your seat retract to let them by.  The seats were comfortable, the sound system was good, and the screen was respectable (smaller than true IMAX, but still very good).\n\nThe concession stand is fine.  It would be nice if they offered seasoning for the popcorn.  I've been in several theaters that offer this now, so you can flavor your popcorn to be like kettle corn (for example).  If you get it here, skip the butter.  It's not really butter, and not very good.  At least I didn't like it (and I usually like it).\n\nAll in all, a solid theater.  If it were closer I'd come here again.
Cibo doesn't appear to need my review, since they have a lot of fans here and other places.  This is a good lunch spot if you can get there early enough to avoid a wait.  The patio is particularly nice when the weather permits.  I work about five blocks from here and I've only been there for lunch.  I've wanted to try dinner but something about coming all the way back downtown after I've driven home to Gilbert just doesn't appeal.  Maybe on a day off sometime.  The food is great.  I like the speck sandwich.  Speck, for the uninitiated, is just another kind of cured ham like prosciutto.  The bread is always perfectly toasted.  Currently they offer as sides a salad, fruit, or chips.  An orzo salad, a la Carly's, would be a nice addition.
I volunteer here every Friday for Halo, no kill animal shelter, and enjoy being amongst fellow animal lovers.  The staff is super friendly and I do a lot of shopping here for treats for the dogs.  I love seeing all the customers with their little doggies.  Their prices are actually pretty good, I look for sales and that's usually what I buy.  They could keep the place a bit tidier(sp)  but otherwise a nice Petsmart location.  If you come in Friday evening and see a mom and daughter taking care of the kittens, say hi!
I caught 3 games here and also saw 2 games at Tempe Diablo and one at Peoria.  This was the largest of the three.  I had seats in grandstand on two days and once on grass.  \n\nFirst off, if you go late March, heat can be an issue.  Consider getting seats in the shade.  The day we were on the lawn, we went early to make sure our blanket was in the shade.  Lots of trees there so if you're willing to go early, its no problem getting shade.  The grandstand seats (bleachers with seat backs) were a bit cramped, but ok.  Bring a seat cushion or folded towel to sit on and be aware the last row of bleacher seats has reduced leg room for some reason.  \n\nParking for us was easy since we always went at least an hour before game start.  There's street parking all over, often right across from businesses asking 5 or 10 bucks to park in their lots!  We never paid for parking; just make sure you're not in a zone thats time limited.\n\nFood was fairly standard.  Didn't try the garlic fries.  The island noodles are unremarkable.  Lots of noodles for the cost but they needed salt or soy sauce or something.  Beer and lemonade vendors were always wandering around.\n\nI recommend either buying your tickets early (ie not a week before you go like I did), and/or using a ticket reseller like stubhub.  Surprisingly, I saw no scalper here, though I did at the other two stadiums.
I was fooled.  The unassuming strip mall exterior and the fact that it shares a wall partition with a blech sister restaurant (Tokyo Express) had me fooled.  Even the overwhelmingly positive reviews didn't inspire me to go.  But make no mistake, this place is fantastic. \n\nI am embarrassed to say that I only ended up here because Lola and Padres (Oregano's was too long of a wait) were both closed on Sunday night -- and I pass by this place all the time.\n\nReally good noodles and pasta done Asian Fusion style and totally cheap.  The noodle dishes here are eight or nine dollars and have huge portions.  I ordered the haruki yakisoba noodle stirfry with pork and shrimp - which came to me in a large bowl and steaming with soy and ginger flavors.  The Korean spicy noodle bowl also outdid itself with sliced beef strips and a wonderfully hot hot hot taste.  If that's not your thang, they have rice bowls, sushi, salads, about 20 Italian/Med dishes and several vegetarian and tofu dishes.\n\nYou'll find that they have an open kitchen so if you're close to it you can spy and  salivate over everyone else's food.  The servers were all very prompt and courteous after a slow start.  A solo diner next to us was raving about the place and how much he loves it. \n\nMy favorite part of the food was definitely the complimentary cinammon bread crisps and bread basket that came with BANANA BREAD?!?  Wtf, whew, that came out of left field.  An awesome and delicious surprise that was.\n\nThey had a small wine list that was half off for that night -- as a nightly special.  Did you hear that?  HALF OFF!!  All the sudden that $30 bottle of pinot looked pretty damn good.  So for $15 we had four glasses of wine on the cheap.  The owners know the one way to my heart -- wine specials!!  Yes, it's official.  I'm easy.\n\nWhen I got the tab did I realize that dinner here (with the wine) was CHEAPER than breakfast earlier that day at Orange Table.  Only then, did everything in life make sense.  Lesson:  Sketchy looking strip mall restaurant does not equal dump. \n\nP.S.  The tiny parking lot gets crowded very quickly and street parking with Oregano's next door can be problematic.
Had a great late breakfast at RnR this weekend after checking out the local farmers market in downtown Scottsdale.  Trying to eat healthier so went for the make your own omelette.  I selected chorizo, spinach, mushroom and sausage for my ingredients and all blended nicely.  I gave my kids the potatoes and they really liked them.  My wife had the breakfast tacos and thought they were very good.  Saw a few people enjoying the bloody marys going around so next visit will try one of those.\n\nIf you are in the mood for lunch make sure to go closer to 11am as they don't serve lunch till 11am.
"""I had been really interested in trying Beckett's after hearing great things about it on Twitter and such.  Then when I heard about the chocolate covered bacon dessert I was totally sold.\n\nSo for NYE my girlfriend and I took my parents out to Beckett's and everyone really enjoyed the food and the experience.  The parking situation is bit annoying as the area both in front and on the side of the building is rather small.  Go to the Zipps parking lot next door to find a spot on a busy night.  Upon walking in there is a very warm feeling to the place and that is the main philosophy of chef/owner Justin Beckett, make it feel like home.\n\nI was able to make reservations via the website through OpenTable, that was very convenient.  We were seated promptly and greeted by our server very quickly.  \n\nThe items on the menu make you think of home cooking, but a little done up.  I started off with the Matzo ball soup, which was done with a chicken broth.  It was good, but I still prefer my mother's recipe.  Everyone at the table got a different dish.  There was the beef bourginion, beef short ribs, chicken dumplings, and the \B\"""" burger.  I devoured mine, which was served shepherd's pie style with mashed potatoes on top.  It was really quite delicious.  My mother ate all of her short ribs, which is unusual, and said they were fork tender.  Same for pops with the \""""B\"""" burger.  The girlfriend had the dumplings and I would have to agree that they were a little on the bland side.  Probably the only complaint about the entrees.\n\nFor dessert we had the homemade S'mores, which included the chocolate covered bacon, whipped peanut butter, marshmallows, and graham crackers.  The bacon was of course the star of the plate, but the homemade marshmallows were very good.  My parents split the creme brule and enjoyed that as well.  Everyone loved the coffee also.\n\nOverall a great dining experience from start to finish.  I can't wait to go back and try something new."""""""
A store that allows me to delve into all my girly girlish fashion fantasies.  Mahsa is stocked with some serious designer items from Stella McCartney and 3.1 Phillip Lim to name just a few.  Be forewarned, these items are quite pricey, but you have to know that if you're buying Stella!  They do carry other designers in a much more every day price range such as T-Bags and Ya-Ya.  (Which of course fall more into the category of every day clothing and not special occasion.)  All in all the selection is incredible ranging from Michael Kors to Catherine Malandrino to Karen Zambos as well as accessories by Kooba and Kenneth Jay Lane. I am currently in love with a beautiful blue Laila Azhar dress that I will probably dream about tonight.\n\nIf you are looking for a special occasion outfit I would not hesitate to direct you here, you can easily find something fantastic that will make you feel unapologetically pretty.  I don't have the budget to build a regular wardrobe from Mahsa although I am sure that I will be back for statement pieces.
Yet another GREAT Fox Restaurant Concept - actually probably my favorite of all of them!  My wife and I had dinner here on Valentine's Day with another couple.  They had an enticing prix fixe menu that we couldn't pass up.\n\nThe server was friendly, even though we were there right up until close, and the food was very good.  I had the Herb Hummus as an appetizer and the Steak Tacos for my entree.  The hummus was delicious.  The tacos were also very good - I would have them again - but they fell apart very easily, which was a bit of a turnoff.\n\nMore than anything, you have to appreciate a mainstream restaurant like True Food dedicating itself to using seasonal, locally grown, organic food as much as possible.  That alone will make me return for another meal soon!
I'm pretty sure this Sam Fox guy owns 99% of the yummy restaurants I've visited in Phoenix.  And Modern Steak is no exception when it comes to a) being owned by Sam Fox and b) being quite yummy.\n\nMy party of 4 enjoyed a lovely dinner in this gorgeous restaurant last Wed.  With the help of our waiter Cory we chose some delish appetziers: \nchopped salad, grilled artichoke and roasted squash. All of it was amazing!\n\nFor my entree I went with the miso glazed seabass, which is one of my favorite things to order off any menu.  This seabass didn't disappoint. It was a bit smaller than the other entrees ordered by my dining companions, but the perfect amount of fish for me.\n\nWe skipped dessert and headed across the street to Yogurtland, but next time I'll be ordering their scrumptious sounding peanut butter dessert.\n\nSam Fox does it again. Perhaps once he's conquered all of Phoenix he'll make his way to Chicago.
I'm taking my dad here. \nThis place is pretty authentic- made me long for a beach in lareado. \n\nThe Hunny and I had a dozen oysters (not a good choice but not bad any means) \nWe downed those with tapatio and fresh limes juice. \n\nThen we had ceviche which is my favorite food ever. So good! I loved it. It was hearty with great lime juice. \n\nI had the fish tacos and he had shrimp and fish veracruz or something. \nBoth were good- did it taste like the freshest fish of all time? no. \nDid I eat it anyways because it tasted like Baja California. Yup. \n\nI really like this place. \nThey also have my hunny's favorite mexican beer- bohemia.
Being the foodie that my husband and I both are, how we didn't know about this gem long before now still surprises me.  \n\nAfter talking about it with some friends we finally ventured in last night for happy hour and I already can't wait to get back!  Their happy hour menu was great - $5 pizza's, wings, bruschetta and more.  Upon talking to their GM we learned that all their pasta is made fresh in house and a lot of their ingredients are imported directly from Italy.  In our short talk you could tell that there is a lot of thought going into how everything is organized, prepared and made and they care about customers' feedback.  \n\nI couldn't believe how quiet it was for a happy hour though and it made me think about how many people probably don't even know it is there.  Even though it is located in Barney's, that atmosphere is welcoming to anyone - there is no pretentiousness.  \n\nI hope more people find the elevator at the Valet entrance for Barney's, take it to the second floor and experience the quaint restaurant for themselves.
My husband surprised me with a stay-cation at the Westin Resort for the weekend and we ate here on our first night!\n\nLet me just say, I LOVE MUDDLED DRINKS, I am not a fan of cosmos or martini's or anything that just tastes like strong alcohol - BLAH! For me stronger isn't better, flavor and uniqueness is better! This place has by far the best muddled drinks I have ever had! If you just want to go for drinks they have this cute little drink bar right before you enter the restaurant - separate from the main dining which I thought was nice. The decor is romantic latin! I love it! \n\nWe started our dinner first by receiving these potato rolls. OMG where have these been my entire life!!!!???!! They are just fall apart in your mouth good! We both ordered mambo mango drinks - STELLAR! We then got the tres ceviches (lobster escabeche / mixto clasico / ruby red tuna) the lobster was the best! But all very good. However the crab empanada was my favorite! YUM!\n\nMy husband got the jidori chicken and myself the adobo pork. Both were good but not GREAT. Too much seasoning on my pork. To me this place is a MUST go to for drinks and small bites. I would have given this place five stars but the entrees just didn't do it for us. However, it was not horrible - just okay. The rest of our experience with dinner - service, restaurant ambiance, overall feel and all of our food and drinks before the entrees was AMAZING! So we will be back just for a more small bites and drink night!
We had a fun time at Studio Movie Grill! I didn't see any of the problems that people reported in earlier reviews. We went to an early showing, using a groupon and had no trouble getting really good seats! We showed up about 40 minutes early and sat at the bar and perused the menu so we would be ready to order once we were seated.\n\nThe only reason I only gave 4 stars is some of the food quality was only so-so. I had Potato Skins that weren't very hot and my sour cream was very cold and hard to spread on my skins, they were just OK and I didn't finish them once they got cold. My hubby had what he described as a really good Angus burger, for only $1 more than a regular burger, worth the upgrade. The others in our party had a BBQ chicken wrap described as good, but mostly tortilla. No complaints on the Buffalo Chicken Strips. Those meals came with battered fries and everyone agreed that they were really good! Word of caution: since it's dark, I stuck my hand in my hubby's cup of ketchup while reaching for a fry, yuk!\n\nFood prices were on par for the experience. Drink prices are a little high... $8 for a beer and same for vodka on the rocks, $9-$12 for a glass of wine. But worth it to be able to sip a drink while watching the movie! The most annoying part of the experience was trying to see the bill in the dark to see how much cash to put out and in the process missed a line in the movie that everyone else thought was funny!\n\nI can see coming here again for a movie and probably getting the Cheese & Fruit plate and some wine to nosh during the film instead of eating a full meal. All-in-all, we had a lot of fun!
I wanted to give this place all 5 stars because I absolutely love Hula, but  I only gave it 4 because it has been inconsistent the 3 times I have been there. My faves are the poke (incredible and I don't even really eat that stuff), ceviche, and the coconut shrimp rolls. The ceviche has been inconsistent between having a ton of lime/citrus flavor to none at all. I have had the ceviche all 3 times I have been there (and will continue to do so) so I am hoping that the dish becomes more consistent. Plus, the wontons that come with it have ranged from not being greasy, to being totally greasy. (The totally greasy wontons were the same day as the completely bland ceviche so I was totally disappointed the last time I ordered this dish.) As I mentioned, hopefully it gets more consistent. The spicy seaweed salad was pretty good and so is their slaw. Things I did not like were the plantains, johnny cakes and pineapple wine. I thought the pineapple wine would be a sweet desert wine, but weirdly, it wasn't sweet but had hints of pineapple. If you like the softer, sweeter version of plantains, this is for you. I prefer the more thin, crisper plantains that aren't sweet. \n\nIt may seem like my experiences have been bad but they aren't. I don't expect to like everything on the menu but will continue to try new things and risk not liking it. But the things that I do like keep bringing me back. This isn't necessarily a place to bring kids, so my husband and I tend to order takeout. When we have eaten there, however, we really enjoyed the atmosphere. The owner is consistently there checking on various aspects and greeting the guests. Very friendly guy. This place is a great addition to the central Phoenix area.
Bunky Boutique is a new boutique open on Roosevelt Row. Bunky features a mix of national brands and local designers in an intimate remodeled house. The shop has a good selection of clothes for both men and women as well as jewelry and an assortment of accessories. \n\nBunky had a launch party on Saturday, September 8th that was well attended and is hopefully a sign of many events to come. Go check it out and support a real independent downtown Phoenix business
"""I've really only been to one Mongolian BBQ place in my life, so I was stoked when I saw this place near my house.  It was a Sunday, rainy and gloomy outside, around 2 pm when we went.  There was only one or two other people in the restaurant.  \n\nThe initial set up of the location was a little odd.  I was unsure where to sit or what they wanted us to do.  A lady rushed up to us, pointed to where we were to sit, and asked if we knew how to \do this.\""""  I must have looked like an amateur or something...whatev.\n\nThe meat selection was up first to put in your bowl.  It seemed fairly frozen which made it difficult to REALLY PACK DOWN and get the most bang for your buck.  Also, it seemed as if they had not stocked up the meat in a while because the supply was fairly low.\n\nThey provide your typical assortment of veggies and additions for your stir-up, all of which I loaded in.  They had one line chef to cook up the food, so it took a while to finish it, but it gave me ample time to stock up on the sides like fried rice, eggrolls, soup, fried crunchy things, etc.  They seemed to have an odd selection of desert: the typical rubber jello you see at many Asian buffets and some poufy sugar buns, which my fiance said were tasty.\n\nOnce all was said and done, the food ended up to be pretty damn tasty and very filling.  The bill was also cheap, totaling maybe $16.00 for two people.\n\nSIDE NOTE: Unlike the Mongolian BBQ at Metro Center, you are NOT allowed to bring home and of your leftovers.  This to me is stupid because I never go back for seconds and feel like I waste food if I cannot eat it all in one sitting."""""""
OMG DD! OMG! I'm eating my roast beef sandwich now, typing this review and pounding my hands on the table like Meg Ryan in When Harry Met Sally...moaning, groaning and achieving culinary orgasms. \n\nNow that's a pretty picture for ya!\n\nHouse roasted roast beef with a blue cheese horseradish spread, red onion, tomato and my favorite green next to Brian Austin Green...arugula! All served on a yummy artisan roll. \n\nSuch a cute place with a case FULL of delicious looking temptations from crab cakes to mashed sweet potatoes to chocolates and cheeses and VINO!! Great staff...friendly and helpful. Why I'm even a proud card carrying member of their sandwich club. And I'm sure it won't take me long to earn that free heavenly sandwich!\n\nDD! Fyi...I will return to you asap!
"""In NYC, I would probably drop this down to three stars, but for tiny Cave Creek, Arizona, outside of Scottsdale, I think four stars is warranted.  \n\nWe headed out to AZ for a mini-honeymoon and a conference Peter was attending.  Peter did his meticulous research and for my birthday dinner took me to a Douglas Rodriguez restaurant called Deseo.  We asked the manager for some more recommendations for dining in the area, and it turned out that he had worked with Binkley's, and sent us there.\n\nOff the radar, and a half hour along cactusy single lane highways outside of Scottsdale, it is a place we never would have found without a local's help.  Daily menus change with the seasons, the ingredients, and the mood of the chef, Kevin Binkley, who is young enough to be intrepid and old enough (five years at the French Laundry directly under Keller and then several years at the Inn at Little Washington with Patrick) to understand fine dining.  Binkley takes the fine dining concept out for a spin and brings it home via the back roads, and the result is a comfortable, homey, small restaurant that can be dressed up or down.  People sat at the bar and had beers, and people came in their Sunday best to celebrate anniversaries.  \n\nThe menu can be arranged in several ways, served a la carte, in full portions, or arranged in tasting menus of various combinations, paired with wines, and smaller in size.  We opted for the five course tasting menu with the cheeses in lieu of dessert ($82), and I ordered a half-bottle of Minor Viognier ($29) from their well-chosen, well-priced wine list, since Peter doesn't drink wine.  On the menu, it states that the chef can and will accomodate dietary requests, which knocked us both off our feet....low carb, vegetarian or whatever, you're in good hands, and the chef actually welcomes your challenge!\n\nSent home with the menu (tied in a blue satin ribbon), I can tell you what we chose, among three or four options per course:\n\nPeter's choices:\nBigeye Tuna Tartare with watermelon, edamame,l daikon, wasabi-coconut pana cotta, lotus root chips, lychee and chili oil\n\nSoft shell crab with lime, fried green tomato, red onion marmalade, lemongrass ginger sauce\n\nKing Clip with wild asparagus, ramps, pattypan squash, roasted fingerling potatoes (we asked for those to be left off and they were), spring garlic and rouille\n\nRibeye steak with egg yolk ravioli, broccoli, maitake mushrooms, baby bulb onions and hollandaise\n\nMy choices:\n\nSteak carpaccio with an heirloom tomato tart, mozzarella cream, cucumber, balsamic vinegar, basil and charred red onion\n\nCorned beef TONGUE Reuben, with sauerkraut, thousand island \dressing\"""", a cornichon, and french fries\n\nCopper River King Salmon with giant gnocchi, sweet peppers, tasso ham, sea beans, orange and mustard\n\nThe same ribeye as Peter--we both had to have it.\n\nWe both had the cheeses at the end, and I can't remember all of them, but all six were outstanding.\n\nOthers have mentioned the plethora of amuses that come out prior to your courses, and while I did eventually find them a little distracting, most were very successful, with only the disco coaster presentation of a pineapple shooter failing to amuse my bouche or anything else.  Others include a house-cured beef jerky with horseradish creme fraiche, a bacon and egg puff pastry bite, a melon and basil soup shot with pancetta dust rimming the glass and a date and chorizo bite that was nothing short of heaven.  Most were savory and enjoyable.\n\nOur food was very good, with the only failure of my meal being the overabundance of orange with my salmon.  In sauces, in segments, all over, it distracted me from the other savory elements instead of complementing it, but the salmon was delicious.  I would go into more detail about the food, since what is listed above is, in THEORY, what we were served, but in actuality was not, since Binkley is an adherent to the molecular gastronomy/Wylie Dusfresne/Adria/Michel Richard style of cooking.  It defies description, so I won't.  You'll be happy if you go with an open mind.\n\nOn our visit, there were three breads to choose from as they bring it around.  We tried a sourdough ciabatta & a cracked wheat, both extraordinary, helped not a little by Normandy butter, served room temperature in a ramekin.\n\nService is from the left, French style, one waiter per person, with knowlegeable servers directing traffic and helping as needed in the small space.  We were made to feel welcome and at home from the  moment we entered for our 8:15 reservation.  Young people learning the fine dining business are the norm here, servicewise, with three steady young women in black overseeing them and taking orders and discussing the wines with the diners as they are seated.  I had no problem with the youth and inexperience of the servers but Peter found it a little offputting.   Don't expect perfect French from these youngsters and you'll be satisfied, is my opinion."""""""
fantastic for purists, NIRVANA for culinary adventurists. MUST HAVE RESERVATION.\n\n(note: first-visit-only impression)\n--tuna sashimi, best in class. absolutely top.\n--salmon sashimi, just doesn't get much better unless it's still wiggling.\n--yellowtail sashimi, wonderful variety of texture, even in a single bite.\n--don't even think of going without a reservation; you'll be on the patio (parking lot)  otherwise.\n--didn't bring my platinum card this time; could easily rack up $600 next time (but if you're an adventurist, it's the best thing going without a trip through Sky Harbor)\n--service this visit was horrifying, could be a fluke.\n\nSince I had no reservation and was on the patio after a bit of a fuss, and with the tiki torches blowing their smoky fumes and ash in our general direction, I was not prepared to make the investment that this place demands. It could also have been when the giant pink Mary Kay Cadillac pulled up; not even the Caddy keys could get them a table.\n\nNot going after service misses 'cause the runner really tried hard to make up for the mistakes. I'll hope for five stars next time when I take my Amex Platinum.
Been to Sakana about a dozen times now and prepared to review.\n\nStrengths are service/staff, price, value/portions.  \nOpportunities are design and creativity of rolls; dont accept Discover Card.\n\nPersonally, I prefer Sakana for lunch.  They are always friendly, fast, and portion sizes are excellent.  I am not a big fan of the rolls here.  A bit too large to handle and many are based on a basic california roll with some variations.  \n\nMy preference is the sashimi.  Try the sashimi deluxe platter for lunch - white tuna (yum).  The portions are giant and tasty.  And comes with soup and salad.  Outstanding.  Partner it with an iced green tea and I am more than happy.  \n\nAlso, many excellent dishes available at lunch and are reasonably priced.\n\nWhat brings me back is the consistently pleasant staff.  I have sat at nearly every table and the sushi bar - everyone is friendly and helpful.  Thank you for that!
I AM STUFFED! And I only had to spend $3! Just finished a great overstuffed sandwich from Sprouts. And that's the first good thing to report about my latest visit. \nI was there to pick up some red meat as they are having a sale on beef (40%off). Beef selection was decent enough and I picked up a flank steak for less than $5/lb. But I was quickly reminded why I love Sprouts so much as I was immediately drawn to the neighboring the deli section. \nSprouts carries a lot of unique items, things I readily find in Ohio, where I am from, but have to search for here, like Batampte and Bubbies pickles. \nThey also carry some hard-to-find East Coast favorites like Sabrett's hot dogs and stuffed Quahogs.  Living in AZ, it's not as easy to take a weekend trip to NYC or Massachusetts, so it's nice to know these items are at my disposal all the way out here. \nAs far as pricing goes, I think they are relatively competitive. You'd be hard pressed to find a sandwich of that size and quality for less than $2.99 in that area.
I have never been to Spring Training before this year but had the opportunity to go and see the Cubs play in Hohokam Stadium. I've not yet made it out to Chicago to see them play at Wrigley Field but I would say that Hohokam Stadium was pretty sweet. My mother and I were spoiled at the stadium; we had a parking pass to park in the players parking lot and we had excellent seats right behind home plate in the family section. The only down side to sitting right behind home plate is the fact that you are in the shade. You see all the people down the first and third base lines in shorts and t-shirts and we were in coats and jeans. The stadium itself is easy to maneuver around in, plenty of vendors to choose from, Cubbie gear, and restrooms to meet the hundreds of Cubs fans! All in all Hohokam Stadium is very nice and I hope to visit again someday.
This lovely restaurant from executive chef Beau MacMillan is set inside the Sanctuary Resort between on the north side of Camelback Mountain. The resort looks gorgeous and might make a lovely overnight getaway or honemoon retreat. We live in the area, so we were here to celebrate a birthday dinner. The little bar (Jade) has friendly service and super-high top tables. I did have trouble climing up and down in a short dress. Our martinis were excellent - I had the 11th Generation Martini with gin, raspberry, peach tea, and honey; and hubby had the Blood Orange Basil with grey goose. They were both tasty, but his was better. We shared the spiced edamame and they came with quite a kick. Tasty, salty, and spicy. Our table was a lovely little booth for two and as the sun set, it made for quite a spectacular view overlooking the resort and valley towards the north. My dinner choice was the double cut pork chop with sweet potatoes. The maple glaze on the chop was quite good, but it was a bit tough through the interior. The sweet potatoes were way too salty. Soft, flavorful, but even my salt-lovin' hubby said it was too much. He had the chilean sea bass which was perfect. Flaky white fish in a great broth with bok choy. We shared the pork-belly fried rice which was a true hit. Birthday desert with a candle was their signature peanut butter chocolate bomb. The peanut butter creme was a luscious delight covered with a rich chocolate shell. Service was pretty good considering their was only one server in our entire area. There were two assistants helping her out, but we felt a bit neglected at times for water refills, etc. All around, a good meal. Pricy, spicy, but good. Oh, and make reservations!
The food and beverages here are as good as the cause that this place stands for. I was really surprised to see how this place actually was because I was expecting some sort of folk jam band/Vagina Monologues reading spot where hackey sack tournaments were held. Even though I consider myself liberally-minded, I take joy in ravaging a rare steak in front of a dirty hippie. I hate hippies. However, the people that run this place are hippies and I use that term in the best possible way. They're not all talk, they're actually practicing what they preach by running a cafe like this and I respect them for it and fully support it. It's like they're the American Apparel of Phoenix coffee shops that was American Apparel before they started using sweat shops.\n\nThis place gets A's all across the board for service, food, drinks, and for the relaxing environment that you get to experience it all in.
Excellent  Korean restaurant.\nMet some work folks here because it was recommended by one of the guys.\n\nFirst off all lots of great dishes to choose from. \nWe ended up eating family style and ordered a bunch of dishes.\n- We ordered Bolgogi Shortribs\n- Bolgogi squid and pork\n- Soup and another dish that had beef with some noodles.\nRice came with all the dishes and the usual side dishes when you eat at Korean places.  Kimchee, veggies etc...\n\nEach dish has it unique flavors.  All of the dishes were delicious and had enough food for 4 adults.  Actually we really didn't need to order an extra dish and still had plenty of left overs. \n\nWe all said we would eat here again.  Thumbs up!
Eerily similar to how I imagine Hell to look like. I only came because my wife + sisters needed a ride and I chauffeured. My own anti-shopping convictions aside, Nordstrom Rack was clearly very good at its job! \n\nThey had tons of brand-name apparel and accessories at steep discounts. The store was well laid out and the service good. I ended up buying a few things just because the bargains were so good compared to traditional box retailers.\n\nIf I have daughters someday, I will definitely send them here. Guys, if you're shopping with your significant other here, I wish you luck.
Love this cute little place! Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so any place that caters to my love for eggs and waffles makes my heart happy. I liked this place so much that I went twice during a five day trip to Phoenix.\n\nThe service here is beyond friendly. They are so welcoming from the moment you walk in the door and from what I saw, they know all the regulars and even remember their orders. I love that! It feels like you are being welcomed by good friends or family. I definitely recommend the chorizo and the spinach and chicken omelette.
"""\Buddha Belly in the kitchen with a lead pipe\"""" would have been the right accusation for a murder that I would have had to plead insanity to caused by living in extreme summer heat if I had not stepped into Paletas Betty to cool off! Seriously? How do Arizonans do it? I'm a California girl, so I considered Paletas Betty like an air conditioned sanctuary....BECAUSE IT IS period\nTheir \""""popsicles\"""" are for an adult taste palate. I've had the Arroz con Leche, Mango con Chile, Platano, and the Durazno. The Arroz con leche is like a creamy, frozen Horchata. The Mango con Chile has layers of flavor that start off as sweet and silky then move on to the texture of chunky mango and then slap you back into reality with the heat of the chile. I swear it just leaves you wanting more frozen treat, resulting in you purchasing another. The Platano is like a frozen bananas foster with a rich vanilla note and chunky banana. I have to say that Durazno (peach and mint) is by far, hands-down my favorite. The flavors balance each other so well. The fresh mint is what MAKES this. It's like a frozen peach iced tea with fresh mint leaves in it. I do not hide the fact that I was dreaming about shamelessly devouring more of the peach-mint for at least 3 days after love at first bite.\nWhat makes this place even better is that they DO accept debit/credit, finding a parking spot had never been a problem for me, and they make a frozen treat for my dog too! He gave it 4 paws as well. Also, the people at the counter were always nice esp. when I tried to exchange my paleta because it had a bite in it (it's their signature to show it's legit); they were always patient with me when I was trying to carefully select what I wanted as well.\nDon't let yourself overheat, COOL OFF AT PALETAS BETTY!"""""""
"""The name says it all.  This family owned restaurant (3 to be exact) specializes in tortas but they also carry your staple Mexican fast-food affair you would find in AZ.  Everything I or anyone else has had has been solid.  Just in case you don't know what a torta is, the best way I can explain what one is that it is essentially a toasted sandwich with a fusion of Mexican and American ingredients.  When it comes to TEG's tortas, there are a few standouts.  One would be the cochinita.\n\nCochinita which is marinated pork is absolutely delicious by itself, but in a torta, it is absolutely scrumptious!!!  My best description of what cochinita is to think of pulled pork that is braised in a slightly sweet, salty, and spicy redish/orangeish sauce.  In addition, it has American sandwich staples such as mayo, shredded lettuce.  What makes it a \torta\"""" are the slices of sweet and sour pickled jalapenos and carrots and slices of avocado (and they do not skimp).  What completes the sandwich, I mean torta, is the bread.  It's always warm and fluffy in the inside and the outside always has a nice crisp texture from the grill.\n \nThe other torta I would strongly recommend is the carne asada.  The combination of the carne asada steak with mayo, fresh pico de gallo, and lettuce along with the warm bread makes this torta an absolute winner (my mouth is actually watering just thinking about it!).\n\nThe Cubana, which has your typical ingredients that come with any spin on the classic Cuban, is also good.  If you are a big fan of Cubans, then this one may be for you. But in my humble opinion, this does not anywhere near come close to the yummy goodness of the cochinita and carne asada.\n\nThe Hawiiana (Hawaiian) is also a relative good choice.  With the combination of Ham and fresh grilled pineapple along with other condiments, it also is descent selection.\n\nAs I stated before, they do have staple Arizona style Mexican fast-food here and there are a few I would recommend.  One would be the flautas (large deep fried rolled tacos).\n\nThe pollo is the one I would suggest.  If you envision your typical fried rolled tacos with guacamole and cheese, well this is not that, this is even better!  The flautas at TEG are larger with much more stuffing then your typical rolled tacos.  In addition, they make them with yummy flour tortillas, not your typical corn.  The shredded chicken is well seasoned and moist.  The tortilla is always fried perfectly, light crisp on the outside with the inside of the tortilla still soft.\n\nThe burritos here are good, actually better than average, but because the tortas here are the showcase, everything else takes a backseat.  The rice and beans are hit and miss, especially at the Chandler location.\n\nI used to give TEG four and a half stars, but with the mistake of expanding too quickly, combined with quality and consistency falling a bit, I would have to give them three and half stars; four stars would be stretching. I'm anal so three and three quarter seems to fit.\n\nFor example, the Phoenix location, which the Son runs and where he started the chain has a few issues.  For example, the Cochinita at the Phoenix location is always drier and saltier than the other two locations.  In addition, they have certain items only at that location that the other two do not.  One would be their Sonoran style hotdogs, which are excellent and an item I would highly recommend.  When I have gone to both the Mesa and Chandler location and asked for them, and unfortunately they said they don't carry them.  I was disappointed to say the least. \n\nAnother example of inconsistency is the last time I went to the Chandler location.  I brought a couple of out of town guests, and I was a little disappointed because the bread was a little too bready (dense) and not light and fluffy as usual.  When all the ingredients are in perfect symphony, you have one amazing torta, but when one ingredient is off such as something like the bread being too dense throws off that harmonious balance of flavors and textures.  In this case, it made a difference from a four and half star sandwich to a 3 star sandwich (which is still good in my book, but not great).\n\nThe best and most consistent is their Mesa location.  I think that it is because Mom and Pops run that particular location (well they used to anyways).  Everything has always been consistently delici-oh-so-good.\n\nOverall, would I still recommend Tortas El Guero, and do I still go?  Yes, but I wouldn't rave about the place like I once did especially with the inconsistencies I've experienced as of late."""""""
"""Now open for lunch!\n\nPreviously I had only been here to meet friends for happy hour, and they have an EXCELLENT tequila selection.  They have expanded the patio just in time to take advantage of our gorgeous weather. \n\nI got the Pibil pork tacos served with a habanero mango salsa, they were sweet, spicy and delicious. Three to an order for eight bucks, and it was the perfect amount of food. I was in and out in under 40 minutes. I think this may be a new \go to\"""" spot for lunch."""""""
OMG the best restaurant ever, well some stuff i liked and some stuff i didn't. What I didn't like is that, they didn't have a kids meal because the portions are to big for a child. I was as mad as that if Lady Gaga didn't get to sing any song in England!!!! {I wasn't that mad} What I also didn't like is that its to expensive my parent and sister spent over $200. For the hot table the scallops were $15.00 and the steak was $18.00. Now for the part you have been waiting for the good stuff. The food was excellent and I got the scallops but be careful it makes you full fast and i mean fast. I ate the bowl of rice and i was already stuffed!! Crazy. At the hot table our food cooker was so nice,and he was young. He was pretty funny. Oh and next time you go to Sakana and your getting a hot table recommend James. Tell him Dakota sent us to you!
I like Bandera because it offers the quintessential multi-sensory experience.  As you walk from their parking lot you're given the opportunity to experience a blast of heat put off by the intense fire roasting their rotisserie chickens.  Once inside you are offered the opportunity to watch the chefs race each order to near perfection.  Plenty of booth seating provides a great way to converse with the people you are eating with, and many seats around the bar enable you to chat it up with the staff.  And all of that leaves the food - the most important sensory experience of any restaurant.\n\nBandera's food is quite good and that has led me to eating there more times than I can recall.  I am by no means a connoisseur, but I feel as though I am experienced enough with Bandera to suggest some pretty solid options.  Their rotisserie chicken and cornbread (perhaps two dishes that the restaurant is best known for) are very good.  I am a big fan of ordering a grilled artichoke for my appetizer and then following that up with the chicken enchiladas.  With that dish you get all the benefits of their great chicken, but with the added variety that enchiladas offer.  Plus the management at Bandera has been altruistic enough to enable you to get an additional enchilada for $1 more.  Yet don't ask for a third enchilada for $1 because you won't get it; believe me I've tried.  And as I said just a few sentences earlier, their cornbread is really good.  So be my lemming and always order a skillet of this Bandera specialty - the jalapenos in this cornbread really set it apart.
I grew up at Word of Grace (now City of Grace). Way before the new buildings and it just the small little church. I love Pastor Gary. I would give him 5 stars. We moved but I had always considered this my home church. When we moved back to AZ I started again and was really disappointed with the young adults ministry and praise and worship. I left when I wasn't getting anything out of it and not much longer did they join with City Church. I think they are struggling but I have hope for them. Pastor Terry is the new head pastor and he has the Joel Osteen vibe, which isn't for me, but he is very nice. \n\nThey are non- denominational and love their congregation enough to handle sins or situations other churches don't want to touch in fear of being labeled as 'haters' or what not. I hope that anyone who attends will understand their views do not come from hate. It makes me sad that the other reviewer had such a negative experience and I don't doubt that she wasn't treated with kindess as every church seems to have those rude people. I am not sure what she means by 'closed-minded' but I know there are people like that at every church. I hope others do not have that experience and I hope the church can work on that as a whole. people need to feel welcome and accepted as they are. \n\nThey are also awesome with the community- homeless outreaches, drug addiction help, and so many things I cannot begin to list. If you ever want to help your community City of Grace would be a great place to get ideas of where/how you can help. \n\n If pastor Terry isn't for you I would recommend Cornerstone Chandler(my home church) or Central Christian. They are not closed-minded but they also won't ignore sins that are major issues. IE divorce, porn, sex, sexuality, infedility, etc.  Good luck on finding your home church!!
I've been to Maizie's several times and the food is consistently good. Monday's are pretty bustling for the $3 burger plate and wine specials. It's chaotic but well worth the madness considering the deal. The wingless buffalo dip is one of my favorite plates and we've even been able to duplicate the recipe for a few of our own house parties. Another highlight is Maizie's Sunday Brunch. The red chili is awesome and so are $3 Mimosas & Bloody Mary's. We recently tried the Tuesday Fish Fry which was also great. Plenty of fried fish, a hefty serving of fries, two hush puppies and a creamy corn tartar sauce. The Half Baked dessert (warm cookie with a scoop of vanilla bean ice cream) is the perfect ending to any meal and enough to share with at least two others. \n\nAdditional high marks go for location (walking distance from the Central & Camelback light rail stop), patio seating (especially this time of year), wine punch card club (buy 5 glasses and your 6th is free. SCORE!) and the beer and wine selection. Service on a normal night is always great. Not so easy breezy on Monday nights or during the mad rush for Sunday Brunch. Certainly not a deal breaker for me, I've got a wine punch card and two more glasses gets me a freebie.
We stopped for take out ribs!  Don't be fooled by the outside of the building, there's lots of space inside, it's clean and well lit. We were greeted as we walked in the door, placed our order (using a Groupon Coupon too).  We waited for just enough time to purchase treats from the gumball machine in the front.\n\nBy the time we got home we could hardly wait to dig in.  With bibs in place we opened the huge plate of ribs, one full rack with two giant sides and two melt in your mouth dinner rolls.  Wow, the kids and I couldn't finish all the ribs.  The sides didn't stand a chance!\n\nThe ribs were pre-sauced and as we read on other reviews, not as zippy as we wanted, that was easily resolved with some Franks Red Hot Sauce.  The fries were crispy and seasoned nicely, not too much season salt and not over done.\n\nThey had other specials and a couple of TVs that would have made a nice stay, but we wanted to relax at home.  We really enjoyed the ribs and will make it a point to try the other items they offer!
Came here yesterday so I could get my car washed at Danny's while having lunch (this works out perfect to kill 2 birds with 1 stone).  I always get the New Yorker on rye and it never lets me down.  They have great coleslaw and thousand island dressing so the flavor with the pastrami and rye work out perfect.  I like that there are a thousand tables here and 2 lunch lines so they can really pump you through quickly.  You can tell the quality of the food is top notch and service is always great.
I've been told having Five Guys is way better a fantasy than a reality and in this case, I have to disagree. It's taken me a few months to give in to the temptation of having one of those juicy double patty-bacon- cheese oozing all over the place- grilled jalapenos- saut\u00e9ed onion burgers. I admit, it's taken me way too long to indulge and today was the day I took the grease soaked brown bag plunge.  There is no way that really good tasting burger was in any way good for me. I will note, I did have a diet coke and shared the fries.   I will be attending a back to back group exercise class tonight. There, see, all better.
Out in the middle of Gilbert, who knew!? \n\nDecor is mid century modern in a rural setting.  \nA great place to eat outside with lots of room for kids to play.   \n\nFood is great.  \nOrdered a BBQ chicken salad which was adequately portioned and tasty. \nWifey ate the entire cheeseburger/ sweet potato fries.  Highly unusual behavior.   \nSon had a corn dog kids meal - good enough size that everyone could cop off on his fries.  \n\nUnlimited fountain drinks.  \nCondiments ie ketchup, mustard and mayo are pumped thru a CO2 compressor. \nBathroom is cool.  Kind of hard to describe.  \n\nIn laws were a little skeptical at first.   They prefer first rate establishments ie Mastros, etc.  In the end, they gave me a thumbs up and I was not booed.
So read about this place on Yelp but i was a little concerned about the area. 75th and McDowell isn't the best neighborhood but I am so glad I went to the old Westridge area(know known as Desert Sky since it sounds less gang-ish). Anyway the food was great. They do both take out and sit down and we decided to stay. The place was very clean, food was fast and excellent. The Tom Yam Gai soup was amazing. My and the Hubby like it spicy and this sop delivered, we were very glad we didn't ask for extra spice, the soup had enough kick. The only strange thing about the soup is that it had tomatoes in it. I've had Tom Yam Gai soup many times at many places but never with tomatoes but it was still excellent. \n\nWe split the Spicy basil chicken and again it was very yummy. There was a great balance of flavors as well as plenty of meat in the dish. \n\nThe portions were plentiful we split the soup and an entree and we took soup and the entree leftovers home. \n\nDefinitely worth going to!! I'd give it 5 stars but the area is well....75th and McDowell but i will go back, besides if it gets to well known I wont have my new secret Thai restaurant anymore!!!
This is a cool venue to catch a show. I actually played a show here and it was good times. They have a large dance floor or an area where people can gather to watch performers. They also have a nice sized Bar which can handle a good sized crowd. We all know that is a must when it comes getting a drink in a crowed venue. I really enjoyed this spot and had a fun time rocking peoples face off!
I have a thing where most places I find something I like and I don't stray from it. This is definitely one of those places. I don't know if I've had anything other than the philly cheese steak with hot and sweet peppers and I don't even care. This sandwich is amazing. The peppers really set it off but I'm sure it'd be pretty good even without them. I'm not judging this to be an authentic cheesesteak or anything as I'm pretty sure its not even close but I've never had one so I wouldn't know anyway.  I really don't come back to this place as much as I should since its kind of the opposite direction of anywhere I could possibly be headed. The reason this gets 4 stars instead of 5 is because if it really deserved 5 stars I would be driving there all the time no matter where it was. Overall though, very good sandwich place and I have no complaints about the service or anything. The one thing that's odd is the sandwich sizes, I haven't been here in a while but I remember them being something like 8,12, and 20 inch? Apparently you shouldn't go here if you're on a diet but whatever I don't really worry about that. I'm also pretty sure I've downed whatever the large is in one sitting because it's so delicious but I suggest making two meals out of it if you want to be able to move afterwards. \n\nAnyway, solid 4 star, if you're craving a sub type sandwich definitely give this place a shot.
We decided to have an early dinner (5:00 PM) and since we haven't been to this place for some time...here we are. Found parking in front of the restaurant and we ate out side 'cause there was hardly any wind and there were lots of places to sit\n.\nI had the Cuban Sandwich with Caesar Salad and my wife had the SkinnyLicious Chicken salad. I had my first  Cuban Sandwich at the Miami Int'l Airport and it doesn't compare to the one I had here; maybe because it was at an airport. This one had lots of pork and ham and was darn good too.  I didn't think I could finish it, but I dug down deep and it was gone.\nWe ended up taking a home a slice of Adam's Peanut Butter Cup Fudge Ripple cheesecake to split between us.\n\nAll their food is great. Service was exceptional. We'll be back.
Alexi's is always a great place to go for breakfast, and that's what we normally do at Alexi's.  We haven't been there for lunch or dinner much.\n\nBreakfast is always a good experience.  As long as you know the right server you are going to get good service.  Don't be hesitant to ask to sit in the server's section.  They like that.\n\nAlexi's prices are always reasonable for their meals.  The breakfast specials are usually 3.99 and come with all that you would need.\nYesterday I had the biscuits and gravy for the first time.  They were alright, nothing I would rave about, though.\n\nThe omelets are good, and the toast is almost always perfectly toasted.  Some of the strawberry jam and I'm set for the morning.\n\nEnjoy!
Start off with a margarita in the air conditioned bar, because it's the coolest (temp) spot they have. If you don't know what a swamp cooler is (east coasters, this means you) you'll soon find out.\n\nBack to drinks & food. Margs are great and the bartender was friendly while my friend and I waited for a table outside.\n\nI love the tamales so we got an order of them and the combo chicken and steak fajita which were just ok. The chicken was a little dry and the steak while good was not cut in to easy to eat sizes and frankly making up your tortilla was not easy.\n\nGet the margs & tamales and you're safe.
Been coming to Fuddruckers since I was a kid, but this location since I was in college. Burgers is their go-to, but I come here for the chili cheese fries. I can get a decent lunch for less than $5 here, and still get as much food as a burger meal. Getting the chili cheese fries and maybe a toasted lone bun is all I need. I always ask for a water cup as well, no different that the regular drink cup. So I save myself another $2 there. easy as pie!\n\nThey have a fixing bar where their is an assortment of veggies and condiments to one's pleasing. There is where I can load up on additional veggies to my chili cheese fries. If you want more condiments that can fit in those white cups, just ask for a dressing cup. Now you can dip your burger into such sauce. \n\nAlso one can order from the kids menu, and comes with a cookie as well. Fill up at the fixing bar and you can be set possibly.
"""The building itself has that Frank Lloyd Wright 70s vibe going on...not my taste, but our City isn't very old so I can live with this minor aesthetic annoyance.  (Remember when they almost tore the Orpheum down? Not cool. Fight to keep history here folks...)\n\nAnyway, anytime I hear people begrudgingly ask \What is there to do in Phoenix?\""""  I would have to suggest: We do have culture here, if you're willing to venture outside of your comfort zone and outside of the suburbs. \n\nPhoenix is privileged enough to have an Opera Company and Ballet Company who are great at what they do. I saw the Nutcracker most recently and GOODNESS, they all had impressive resumes.  The conductor, and costume designer were definitely stand outs.  \n\nAs audience members we are supremely lucky because the venue itself is small enough to ensure you will have a fantastic seat no matter where you are.\n\nI will go back. I can't wait to go back. My soul craves this, as should yours."""""""
This is a review of the bakery.  We did not dine here.  We had an event, and needed cookies.  Five-dozen.  They have a reasonable variety of cookies.  It is cheaper to make your own, of course, but these aren't too outrageous.  About $8 for a dozen, and they're reasonably large.\n\nThe cookies themselves are pretty good.  Frankly not as good as mine (I just follow the Tollhouse recipe, or whatever...I'm not a master baker by any means!).  But good.  Chocolate chip, sugar, snickerdoodles, and even a lemon cookie.  I also like their muffins.
"""Like Sandy, I love this place! Hard to believe such an amazing place is hidden off the I-10 but once you find it, you will be in awe! Follow the signs past the casino to Aji Spa. I have been many times for the \day pass\"""" where I think you pay $40.00? to just use the steam room, the whirlpool, lay out in the sun and swim in the pool. They have a women's pool and a coed pool. They told me clothes were optional but why am I ALWAYS the only naked woman?? Anyway, their facility is clean, private, relaxing and professional. They have great product in the showers-shampoo and conditioner are actually really good. They sell many spa products in the gift shop. I like going for the seasonal treatments like around winter time they start offering cranberry body scrubs and some pumpkin pumice foot massage with your pedi. Oh my gosh! That's what I call Autumn! I can say I have never really seen it get too occupied which is good but it also lends to the feeling of uncomfortable-ness (is that a word) in the locker room. I noticed most women in there are a little older and maybe not regular spa goers. Hence the \""""why am I the only naked person\""""? Oh well, aside from that, love it and love the helpers and staff!"""""""
"""Cherry Blossom is my go to takeout restaurant in Central Phoenix.  Their noodle soups are cheap (~$7) and have great flavor.  I usually get the Cha Shu, which is a ramen soup with pork and a cloudy tonkatsu broth.  The \Extra Spicy Gyoza Pot\"""" soup appetizer is also good, although it's definitely only for people who like their food REALLY spicy (believe me on this one - I have a pretty high heat tolerance)!  Other menu items are hit and miss - the Shrimp Shumai had a bizarre breaded consistency and I was lukewarm on the sukiyaki, but I liked the miso eggplant and the spicy tuna roll.\n\nThe restaurant itself is cute, and the woman who works the hostess stand is really friendly, so overall I think Cherry Blossom deserves 4 stars."""""""
So this week we find ourselves at Tommy V's Urban Kitchen for a classy-upscale Happy Hour and just for the occasion we even dressed up! Did I mention we have a great looking crew! Tommy V's took great care of us and started us out right with a few bottles of wine on the table, they know the way to our hearts! But that doesn't mean we are easy, nope!\n\nThe Crostino Di Prosciutto, Toasted Bread capped with prosciutto & melted mozzarela sprinkled with fresh sage was simply delish! A big fan of prosciutto, this definitely didn't disappoint and almost resulted in a fork to a hand as the crew fought over the last piece.\n\nAnother favorite was the Mozzarella Caprese,  which features Fresh Mozzarella, Vine-Ripened Tomatoes, Basil, and an Extra Virgin Olive Oil Drizzle. It is a perfect compliment to a glass of wine, or two, and is definitely a good choice for the summer! I know it's hard to eat when it's over 100 but not having to give up taste, makes it easier!\n\nRead the entire review here.... http://schmoozeaz.com/blog/?p=701
All of the food I have had here is great, I especially like the Stuffed Tofu and the Black mushrooms and chinese greens (if you can't tell I am a vegetarian) They have a lot of vegetarian meals, and although I hate doing it on principle they are always really nice about making stuff without meat for me (like stuffed tofu). \n\nThe decor is old and they don't have booths which is always a downer, but the place is always clean. the service is average Asian food service, they get your order, refill your water, and bring you your food, no real interaction. Whenever I have asked about ingrediants they have always been knowledgable, and helpful in picking out non meat meals when I asked, so I would have to say their service isn't bad, just not uhh outgoing.\n\n\nThey are quick with take out, and always correct with the orders and additional stuff like utensils and napkins (which is not a big deal until the one time you don't get them).
I like to buy local even if prices are sometimes a little higher because at least I know some of that money will stay to help the local economy.  This is a nice store with everything I need.  It's just a mile or so up the road from me. Watch the ads and you can find some great deals!  So buy local and help the community.  Bashas has been around for something like 40 years in Arizona.  Let's keep supporting them!
I have put off this review for a long long time for fear that our precious little lounge would be overrun by annoying crowds. But I have to give props where it is deserved and SideBar is on the top of my list. \n\nI first ventured to SideBar early this year after my best friend and I found it during a Yelp search. We got all fancied up and harassed in route at a dive bar we stopped at along the way. Pssh neanderthals they didn't know where we were heading. Well... neither did we. \n\nThis place is great. It is by far my favorite downtown spot. It has AMAZING music that is not too loud to converse over. You can expect to hear Portishead, reggae or something groovy. If it is First Friday most likely a DJ will be set up in the corner spinning. There is plenty of comfortable seating for your date and yourself or group of friends. It is chic and contemporary and you cant help but dig the exposed brick.\n\nTony at the bar is my favorite bartender in town and ALWAYS knows whats up. He introduced my best friend and I to Sammy Smiths Nut ale and Strongbow. This had me voting for SideBar in Phoenix's Best of for almost EVERY category. \n\nI have been to this hidden lounge a lot. I plan to keep venturing there and saying hello to Tony, but the prices are steep so my visits are seldom. Try Sundays if you are on a budget I hear they have 20% off happy hour.
Who's got the munchies!!!!! Friday and Saturday nights till 3 am, Mrs. White's is servin' up some yummy munchies including Fried Zucchini around $3 and entrees for $13.  I had to have their fried chicken , pork chop and some gravy and rice at 12am! The fried chicken was cooked perfectly.  The skin is crispy and tasty.  The meat moist and tasty.  The portions are huge and you will not go home hungry.  The staff is friendly and helpful; always a pleasure to talk to them.  Skip Filibertos or Jack n' Box after the party..movie..concert..and go to Mrs. White's!
Ok... so I know I only went here a few days ago.... but hey! I'm sick and in need of lots of asian soup. So the BF and I went here tonight to get some cheap foods and it just didn't measure up to last time. We got the chili dumplings and I thought they were just ok.... I couldn't taste the meat over the chili, so I didn't really like that....the pork flavor is the best part! Next time maybe I'll go for regular pork and veg dumplings. The BF, however, really liked the dumplings so to each his own. We also got a spring noodle soup due to its cheapness and simplicity. Well now I know why it is so cheap. First off, I was expecting an individual sized soup... like a cup, cuz it cost 2$, but no... it was a giant bowl! Normally I wouldn't complain, except that the food inside the bowl wasn't very good or flavorful. The noodles were like thick spaghetti.... mushy and flavorless. The broth was also quite bland.... just a bit salty. And that's all there was. So, I know it's probably my fault and a misunderstanding, but I thought even though it said it had no meat and no veg,  it would still have some kind of seasoning. I wish they would serve a really good flavorful broth with more delicate noodles.... still no meat or veg.... for the same price... and just make the portion a normal portion for one person. Anyway, it's not that big a deal, I just wouldn't order that item. We also got the black bean spare ribs which were ok, but not as good as the other day when I tried my friend's spare ribs.... maybe due to them being busy. I think they just put too much black bean sauce on today and it made it kind of salty. Soooo tonight's visit gets an 'ok' but since the other day's visit was so good, I evened them out and went with four stars.
"""My boyfriend and I got a Groupon for Miele's and decided to use it last Friday night on a whim.  The restaurant is in a strip mall kinda place, but it actually happened to be convenient so I could go next door after dinner and get a couple of groceries.  :)\n\nThe restaurant itself is quaint but nice. It's got a fancy feel to it, but you can walk in with jeans and not feel under dressed at all. When we got there, all of the tables inside were occupied, so we decided to sit out in front. I was hesitant at first because I thought we might be forgotten or maybe it would get cold, but neither of those things happened.\n\nOur waiter was sooooooo nice and always very attentive. I don't remember his name, but on the bottom of the check it said Jareski.  Anyway, he was very friendly and always made sure we had drinks and were okay.  We ordered a side of garlic knots to try and then ordered our drinks and entrees.  \n\nAbout the garlic knots, they were okay. My favorite part of that was the marinara. I swear to you that marinara became my crack. I could have probably drank it from a mug for dinner, that's how good it was, hahha. I think the reason the garlic knots weren't my favorite was maybe because they weren't garlicy enough for me. They were a little bland.\n\nThe bread that comes to the table with the individual oil/vinegar plates was decent, but it would have been even better if it had been maybe a nice crusty loaf of bread. I used the marinara leftover from the knots instead of the oil/vinegar as I'm not so much of a fan (boyfriend is and said it was yummy.)\n\nNot tooo long after we had finished the knots and some of the house bread, our entrees arrived. The waiter said each thing is hand made to order, so if people have a problem with waiting a few extra minutes for ultimate freshness, they need to work on patience.  Yeah it took longer than maybe Olive Garden, but Olive Garden has all of their stuff ready to go and to be plated and sent out.  \n\nI wanted a side of artichokes on my pasta and he wasn't certain if there would be a charge or not, so he went and checked. I wasn't concerned because I had the Groupon, but he did go and check and when the meals arrived, there were my artichokes. A very generous serving at that. \n\nMy boyfriend really enjoyed the Rosemary chicken, which came with spaghetti and marinara.  I got the penne Alfredo with chicken and had that side of artichokes- YUMMMMMMM.  The Alfredo sauce here is quite mild, but is still very flavorful. The pasta wasn't drenched in a thick goopy white sauce which Alfredo usually seems to be. It was almost delicate.  The chicken was very moist and there were not weird fatty/rubbery parts in it (which is my weird issue with ordering chicken or other meats in restaurants because I'm super picky about it).\n\nHe finished his entire entree and ate a few bites of mine and I decided to pack the rest of mine and the artichokes to go so we could enjoy a slice of the Spumoni cake.\nAHHH MAHHH GAHHH!!!\n\nWe seriously scarfed it down before I even realized I should have taken a picture. It was basically a slice of \Spumoni\"""" ice cream in cake form with an almost orange-ish whipped cream on top and a graham cracker crust. It was as delicious as appetizing looking.\n\nNext time we come I think I want to get something with that yummmmy marinara and maybe try the garlic cheese bread as an appetizer instead. Of course we will be getting the Spumoni cake again, that's a sure thing.\n\nTo sum up my entire evening at Miele's would be:\nHad a really great meal with a really great server and we most certainly will be back again!!!"""""""
I really enjoyed my meal here.  It doesn't seem like they care about whether or not you're impressed, but they're confident you'll enjoy your experience.  A friend, who is a regular, brought me.  Obviously, as an out-of-towner, I never would have found this place on my own.  It's not a place you simply stumble across.  \nIt's definitely not inexpensive, but I wouldn't say it's outrageously priced.  You get what you pay for: fine food, prepared well, served in a pretty cool space.  \nIt's New Mexican cuisine.  I'm not sure what, exactly, that means, but there were a lot of chillies and tortillas.  \nThere's not a whole lot of seating, so you may or may not get seated right away.  And I think they discourage bringing children, although I don't think they're necessarily unwelcome.  \nAlso, I guess they have excellent breakfast, although I ate dinner when I went.
Three weeks ago, I started a review that I haven't gotten to the bottom of yet:)  \n\nWe were at the Yelp event,failing to pry anything free from the pizza vultures,and decided to just go ahead and order anyway.  I.E.,this is a payed for the food review for the most part. \n\nEven though this was a really busy,loud night,our orders came out quickly ,correct and were really tasty.Luckily we caught a free bruschetta plate while ordering so we managed to try all of them by the end of the night by buying those we'd missed. \n\nOrdered x 2 personal pizza and the chocolate ice cream dessert.The pizzas are way better on the top than what which supports them but  that's not to say the dough is bad it's just not matching the promise of that which sits above it.. Dessert was the OMG for two a chocolate espresso brownie with vanilla  ice cream. Nowhere near as dense as it sounds or as sickly as it could be.Really well done.\n\nMaybe not a fair assessment to make on just one night but I've not been back yet to see how much variation between pizzas there are.Prices fairly reflect the location,interior and the quality of the ingredients being used. \n\nI'd go back if in the region, I'd meet people there as a kick off point but I can't say I'd drive from the W Valley just to eat here. ( Isn't that true of Mill Ave in general though?) .\n\n3.75 rounded to 4. ( edited for grammar , no other changes)
Well, alright then. Another sweet spot to hang out on a lively evening. \n\nLet's be clear from the start though...this place is loud, VERY loud if you happen to be sitting in the bar area. It could have been the obnoxious 22 year olds sitting behind us, but I practically had to yell at each other across our table. The other problem? The service was slow. Our server was incredibly friendly and down to earth, but it took us forever to get our bill at the end of the night. I get it, it's a bar-type hangout and business is booming, but it was disappointing to wait so long after an otherwise pleasant experience. \n\nSo on to the good points... The atmosphere is pretty cool (the back patio looks awesome, but was too crowded on this particular night) and the seating was trendy, but comfy. The husband ordered the veggie flat which he really enjoyed (he wished he would have ordered it without the broccoli though) and I ordered the pesto chicken sammie. My sandwich was so good. Like really good. And the fries were perfectly crispy without being overdone. I'm one of those people who gets easily sick of my meal even before I'm full. This was not one of those situations. Even my husband commented on how quickly I put that bad boy down. So good!\n\nAnd I won't forget to mention the awesome beer selection. They really have something for everyone. Ciders, wheats, darks, pales...everything. And don't forget the wine and cocktail list. Don't mind if I do!\n\nSo yeah, this place is pretty great. There are definitely some kinks that need to be worked out so I hope they are still trying to improve. Keep it up. It's hard to find a great bar-type hangout with such tasty meal options. I'll be back!\n\nP.S. Anyone know what O.H.S.O. stands for anyway? Am I missing out on some inside joke?
I love the decor!\n\nLike fellow Yelper Bao H. pointed out, this place caters to us ladies. My girlfriends and I went on a Friday night and were welcomed with the option to either be seated at a table or hang out by the bar. We opted for the bar as the place was not crowded and the tables were far apart. The bar itself is not very big and unfortunately there weren't any stools available to us, but we did get drink service pretty fast. Being a champagne lounge, the selection is quite extensive (and expensive), but they do also have beers and a full bar for one's other liquor needs. We didn't get to sample any of their snacks they offer, but I did see fried pickles, holla!\n\nThe attire was a bit more dressy and almost all the guys we encountered had on a jacket, one, might I add, had a purple velvet jacket on...nice. All the ladies were wearing heels and the majority had dresses on. The crowd that night consisted of 30+ somethings and mainly women.\n\nNarcisse is located on the second floor so when its a little warmer out, the patio would be fund to hangout on to people watch. It does have a few heaters, but my friends still were not up for the winter challenge, bummer, but I guess its just another excuse to come back.
Focaccia Fiorentina, it sounds like a string of italian curse words but it tastes like a gift from the heavens...\n\nI went down here with Melissa because I had purchased a $2 coupon from that online place (wink wink) that let us buy $35 worth of food for only $10. Needless to say, after all the restrictions of the coupon (minimum 2 people, dine-in only), we had enough food for an italian army! Still, it only cost $10 and I was hungry!\n\nI got the #3 sandwich which had Genoa Salami, Moz, Tomatoes, on (you guessed it) Focaccia bread (pardon my french, er... italian). She got the #6 which had Turkey, and a bunch of other stuff that I can't remember.  We also ordered the Penne (something) Vodka.  You know you're an alcoholic when all you remember is the vodka part! Oh, and a large greek salad. Finally, we passed our $35 minimum and we sat down with all this food.\n\nPeople were staring at us all hateful like we stole this food from ethiopians or something! Geez! I didn't know there was a law against ordering this much food. We weren't going to eat it all there, I promise! We got boxes! Yes, Plural!\n\nThe food was great, the lady that greeted us, not so much. We must have interrupted her break, because she was giving me the stink eye. Yes, can I order the #3? Ugh! Did you see that?!?!\n\nWhy is it that Italians have the best of everything? The tastiest sandwiches, the tastiest pasta, the tastiest bread, the tastiest men... ahem, sorry. got carried away.  But its true! Everything about italy is awesome. Pizza! Anyway, this place has pizzas too. Maybe next time!
Went just before closing this evening to pick up dog food. The staff greated me at the door and other staff offered to help with the 35lb bag. The staff was concerned about customer service and not caring about what time they can get outta there. The cashier was also chatty-appropriate, meaning she kept her conversation with each customer short, sweet and didnt get into deep convos. \n\nI always shop here and will continue to do so. (Also have purchased 2 bearded dragons, 2 fish and TONs of crickets)
"""I love you, I hate you...\n\nScottsdale Fashion Square Mall pretty much embodies everything that is wrong with the world. It's a flashy, pretentious, over-priced suburban hell hole that encourages vapid shallow  people to waste their hard earned money on useless crap they don't need.  Ugly clothes created for unimaginative people hang like uniforms in store windows. Gucci and Louis Vuitton encourage 30k millionaires to max out thier credit cards, ironically, on a wallet. The food court is overflowing with spoiled 12 year old girls in slutty Victoria Secret \Pink\"""" shorts, $1,000 handbags and way too much eyeliner. \n\nSo... I pretty much love this place. In all seriousness I will probably be there tomorrow, so meet me by the Louboutins on the first floor of Neiman's. Bring your Amex.... but only if it's black!"""""""
"""I really like ghost armor and had them armor my phone in Yelp Red. At least I tell everyone that's what color it is :) I usually am on yelp anyway so it might as well be yelp red.\n\nI personally suggest that if you're thinking about armor, to get it done soon after getting your phone. Saves from gathering scratches, gives a \bit\"""" of a shock absorber and looks super cool to boot - the colored carbon fiber will run you an added $15 (i think) on top of the $20 or so it is for the armor and then another $10 or $15 for them to professionally install your armor. \n\nIve had 2 phones armored and they once messed up the button on the phone; the pattern didn't on the carbon fiber shell didn't match up to the rest of the phone. I asked them to adjust it and they were happy to fix it. \n\nI wouldn't make an official claim that ghost armor will protect your phone from shattering. #1 because I don't work for them and #2 because its probably not 100% true, but Ive never shattered the glass on my iPhones, nor has my wife, and we've both been through 2 armored iPhones in the past 5 years. Maybe were just careful, wait that's not right, our phones drop once in a while just like everyone else's. Maybe its just lucky placement of the point of impact when the phone hits the ground or maybe its the extra bit of coverage you get from the armor - you decide."""""""
One of my favorite boutiques in Scottsdale, I can always find something I don't need but have to have at Elan.  Lisa and her entire staff are friendly, helpful, and always have great suggestions.  They keep the inventory fresh and edgy.  Some of the pieces I've gotten there never fail to get compliments.  It can be a little pricy, but everything I've gotten there is well-made and things I'll wear again and again so... Lisa puts on some great events and really engages with her customers.
A previous reviewer said she was escorted out bc she refused to sign discharge papers. One is only escorted out if they are difficult & disruptive, and that's anywhere, not just a hospital.\n\nI do not use the ED as my primary care facility. I have been to this ED several times for serious issues: they were thorough, helpful, and stabilized me so I didn't need to be admitted but could get to my PCP the next day.\n\nWhat I do appreciate about SHC is their online check-in service & wait time estimates. This keeps me from sitting in the waiting room FOREVER, as well as puts me on their patient to be seen list.
Such mixed reviews.... I had to go, my NY Italian food needs in tow. It is so hard to get anything even close to authentic Italian in this desert....well, I really enjoyed everrything, my guests were gushing. Of course I had to try the hot wings, cuz I always do. They were excellent, no complaints, nice buffalo sauce and perfectly cooked. No, they really do not go with Italian food, but I went to college near Buffalo so I am addicted. We sampled a nice selection. The seafood dishes were good, Fra Diavolo sauce was right on, shrimp a bit chewy. The bar menu had a sausage and pepper entree that brought me back to the boardwalk. Of course, it didn't have that Newark bread we all love, but it was delicious. Their marinara was cooked down and flavorful, deep and dark. Some places seem to pour it our of the can. And meals come with salad!! AND GARLIC BREAD! Good, toasted garlic bread with flavor!! Drinks were great, wait staff was great, nice vibe. A bit of an older crowd, but that's the sign of a great Italian joint, right? I didn't get to try the Marsala...but the chopped steak smothered with onions was a crowd fave. So I vote thumbs up. I will be back. Oh, and happy hour specials, too.
I really like this place.  It's usually my place of choice when my friends and I want to expend some energy.  I like the patios, which is a great place to meet people.  \n\nThis is an alternative to a club, so don't come if you're looking for a bar scene (go to The Lodge, which is right across the street if that's what you're looking for).  \n\nThe patios are a good place to actually have a conversation, so I usually tend to hang out around there.  \n\nOverall, it tends to get ridiculously crowded around 12:45am, at which point it's just like any other place in Old Town.
I actually really like this Albertson's- it's the nicest one I've been in. It is big and their selection has improved with the addition of an organic / natural foods section (wish I could get my Ian's Frys there if you read this Albertsons!). Their prices do seem a bit higher to me than some of the other area stores, but I am guessing it is due to being located in a large high end shopping center.\n\nThe service has always been good. There is a guy at the butcher counter that has been there since they opened who is as friendly and helpful as can be (wish I knew his name, sorry). Also, I ordered my son's birthday cake from this location a week ago and it was great! They had a huge selection of photo cakes and well know character designs. I got one made of cupcakes covered with a Lightning McQueen design and it was a big hit!\n\nGreat store, good selection, big, clean, well lit and nice employees. Makes it worth the price.
I have lived in Tempe for almost 15 years and have somehow never been here.  Sure, I knew it was there and have walked passed it dozens and dozens of times.  I was always curious about what the theater was and what type of movies it played.  \n\nIs the place even open anymore?  Does it only play artsy fartsy type movies? Is the theater totally outdated?  Can you buy tickets at that cool little booth thing out front that you only really see in movies?  These are some of the questions I asked myself every time I passed, but never thought much about it after it was out of sight.  That is until I was poking around some events on Yelp and found a movie that I wanted to see, Blood into Wine, was going to be showing.  I quickly bought 2 tickets online early in the week to be picked up at will call before the movie.  A pretty painless process.\n\nMy wife and I went to the 8:15 showing last night (Saturday) and I was super excited to see the movie as well as visit a cool little theater.  Upon our arrival I was a little upset that they didn't take and/or sell tickets at that booth out front.  Oh well.  So we went inside and were met by real friendly staff at the concession stand like you would find at just about any other Harkins only 1/100th the size.  We were early so we just picked up our tickets and went for a little walk around Mill.\n\nWhen we returned to the theater I couldn't figure out who to give our tickets to so we just walked right in to their single theater without showing proof that we actually paid for a ticket.  I guess you don't really need tickets when you go there.....\n\nThey only sold about 60 out of a possible 200 tickets but I'm not sure if that is normal or not.  It was good for me though because I don't like to sit right next to a random person.  We picked 2 seats near the back with almost nobody around.  Prefect!\n\nAnyway, the movie was excellent and so was the theater.  You wouldn't think it by looking at the outside of the theater, but the inside has been updated as has been the screen/projector and sound stuff.  It was a typical Harkins movie going experience.  The only difference being the type of movies that are played there.\n\nI will definitely go again if I hear about a decent movie they are showing.  The only downfall of this place and it really isn't their fault, is the parking situation on or by Mill.  It can be tough to find nearby/free parking near the theater.
ok, so for some reason, my usual wifi spot/coffee shop was not open last night, or this morning.  weird. so, I was forced to take matters into my own hands, and find a new place to plug my computer in and drink coffee until my 'usual' spot decides when to reopen.\n\nso, I thought I had seen this place from the road.  Its on Southern, in a strip mall, tucked away.  This place is a cute little treasure!  Its well decorated.  Has an artsy feel to it.  Has artists paintings for sale on the wall, with some really cool couches to sit on and get your drink on.  Theres also stainless steel tables in here as well, which I love!  kind of a modern chic feel.  Comfortable classy atmosphere without the stuffiness!\n Clean, eclectic, without being dirty or drab.  \n\nThey have all your usual coffee shop drinks with a decent range in prices and sizes.  THey have ice cream shakes, italian sodas, organic coffees and some teas as well for good measure.\n\nThe location itself is not large.  Rather small, but well done with ample seating and space.  They also have a few outdoor tables and chairs as well!\n\nThey have 'free' wifi, but only after you make a purchase.  I went with a choclate muffin, since I'm a little overcaffinated at the moment.  I was given the password and login info after I paid for my muffin.\n\nNow, here is where they loose a star.  First, I had trouble logging onto thier network.  It wouldnt even show up on my wireless connection screen.  I asked the lady behind the counter, and she was mildly helpful, but she really didnt know what to do.  Mind you, I am primarily here to get on the internet, okay?  So she tells me that sometimes the connection here is weird, and said that sometimes the signal here is bad, and to move tables and try the 'otherside of the shop.'  Ive never heard of one side of a business getting wifi, and the other not.\n\nSo, I switch sides of the (already small) shop.  For some retarded reason, it worked.  weird.  now I am on the internet typing this review.\n\nAlso, as a side note, they lost a few points for another reason, and i will explain.  Normally, I dont usually pick up/evesdrop on others conversation while out.  Honestly, I really could care less, and unless its a screaming match, Im probably not listening.\n\nWhen I walked in, these ladies were gossiping about something. Someone borrowed $10, and this one lady was pissed off about it becuase her friend that had borrowed the $10 hadnt paid her back.  These two women are discussing it, and honestly, I just thought it was such a personal conversation to be having in the middle of a coffee shop while your working.  \n\nAnyways, I really do like this place, despite the weird wifi connection, and most likely will be returning.  This place supports the training of Domestic Violence victims...Please go here and get coffee, as your money goes to a good cause.
I see a lot of mixed and not-so-hot reviews on this board but I gotta say I haven't had a questionable experience here yet, and I've been here at least five times. I personally have always had quick seating, fresh fish, fast service, and attentive servers. It's never smelled funny whenever I have eaten here and I would recommend this place for both bar and table seating (you know how you get screwed when you order sushi at the table at almost any other Japanese restaurant). Has never happened to me! Just luckie, I guess.
I took my kitty Cindy to the Tri-City VCA today for her wellness exam after coming out of the animal shelter. I was immediately impressed with the fact that they separate dog and cat intakes.  There are two different entrances on different sides of the clinic.  Both times when I spoke on the phone with the receptionist, she was super friendly.  The exam rooms are small, but clean and uncluttered. The staff was very friendly and calm. \n\nI can't say much about the cost because the visit was included in my adoption from the Humane Society Campus for Compassion. I felt very informed about everything they did with Cindy.  They offered me additional services that I did end up taking them up on for a low cost, but I didn't feel pressure from them.  I paid 17 for an oral de-worming and 20 for a rabies vaccination.  I don't have experience with whether or not that's high or low, but I thought it sounded reasonable.  \n\nDr. Lucy was also very friendly, calm, and patient with all of my questions.  From what I've read, people often have issues with the way the staff rushes animals in and out and I didn't have that experience here.  Like I said, the facility and the staff were very calm and friendly.  I would come back to this hospital.
"""Are we there yet?  I feel like we are driving to the other side of the world... \n\nUntil recently, the Coyotes were the only Phoenix-area pro sports team I hadn't seen live.  So, when the opportunity came to see my first game (and in a luxury box, too), of course I was in!  I just had no idea it would take so very, very long to get there from my Scottsdale office. \n\nAside from the distance, this is a nice facility.  It looks shiny and new - during my visit I was told that it was designed as a copy of the arena where the Minnesota Wild plays.  How's that for trivia!?\n\nSince I tend to be \directionally challenged\"""" I was especially appreciative of the helpful staff who pointed my group in the right direction including a hard-to-find elevator (why was I leading the way?  Oh yeah, because I am a girl and therefore will ask for directions...  thanks guys!).\n\nThe box was huge, well-appointed, and right at center ice for a perfect view of all the action.  Wooo violence!  :)  There was no shortage of food/drinks - my favorites were the fruit arrangement and the chocolate mousse and strawberry cheesecake desserts (topped with cute chocolate Coyotes logos).\n\nThe game itself unfortunately wasn't very exciting (Coyotes lost 3-1), and I was surprised at the emptiness of the arena overall.  The fans in attendance were enthusiastic, but I think well over half of the seats were empty - for a game with the #1 and 2 teams in the Pacific Division...\n\nGreat arena, but I wish it were closer - I didn't get home until nearly 11pm - soooo hard to get up early the next morning..."""""""
Go here if you:\nLike to watch sports\nDon't like to wear anything fancier than a brand new T-Shirt\nJust want to chill out\nHate to dance\nLike pool\nLike beer\n\nDon't go here if you:\nTake 2 hours to get ready to go out\nDrink fine wine when you go out\nCan't decide whether PCL or Dirty Pretty is your favorite bar\nExpect a DJ\nDon't like an age diverse crowd\n\nThis is an awesome spot to grab a beer and watch the game.  The place is generally full of people that are similar in tastes.  I am not sure if I would classify this one as a dive bar, but it does have somewhat of that feeling.  It is also a lot bigger than it looks from the street.  If you like sports bars and are nearby, it is a must to try it.
I love the freakin' Bikini. The bartenders are fake-hateful/annoyed and completely awesome. The decor cannot be beat. The hipsters are but a mild annoyance blocking the view of the real attraction, and there's no kind sounding way to say this: the regulars who often appear to be roof-over-their-headly challenged.  The juke box, as pointed out by the New Times, is unbelievable. I rocked the house with $5 no thanks to any skill I have or taste in choosing music. It's just that well stocked with classics. Once at the bikini, a girl I'd literally just met moments before planted one on me without any permission or warning. Kinda hot. Kinda not. On the weekends, the DJ plays music I don't like but know I should, which means it's totally avant-garde. Alcohol is priced sublimely. I can get sideways on $20. Just kidding. I drink responsibly. Anyway, you haven't lived til you've walked into the bikini in an ironic mini. Or brown three piece.
"""The one thing that I always think when I see a small menu is, \these better be good.\"""" Sapna's menu is very small - about 15 items - but what they do have they do really well. A friend and I shared the Goat Cheese and Red Pepper quesadilla (awesome), we all had the veggie panini (mmm-mmm good) and drank Moroccan Mint Tea (perfect). The red peppers in the quesadilla were actually in marmalade form and tasted fantastic - I'd love to try the bleu cheese and tomato quesadilla. I loved the simplicity of the panini; all of the veggies were cooked just right. The sandwich didn't fall apart, but it was fully stuffed with goodies. And if I could drink the Moroccan mint tea everyday, I'd consider myself the luckiest woman in the world. \n\nThe decor inside is simple and the service was friendly. I love the sprigs of basil as the table flowers. We waited an average amount of time for our meals (approximately fifteen minutes) and the waitress was available when we needed her. There were a few other people inside besides my friends and me, but it was Phoenix on a Saturday night - I wouldn't have expected a crowd. I can't wait to go back to try the Gypsy soup and get another cup of mint tea."""""""
There are far too few Long John's anymore. They've updated their image a bit in the past few years with varied success, but the Broadway store seems to have handled the changes very well.\n\nThe new look is much cleaner with much more comfortable chairs and nice lighting. The menu has added several healthy choices as well. There's a general positive attitude from the workers more in line with a sit down restaurant than with a fast food place.\n\nVery rarely is the food not fresh and hot. I often have to wait an extra minute or two, but that's OK. In those cases where the wait was long, they offered me a drink or a pie.\n\nI will say that the fish and chicken come out great, but the shrimp often a bit overbattered. Other than that, great food.
I have a soft spot in my heart for all of my entrpreneurial friends working so hard to make Grand Avenue a great place to work and shop.  This was a horrible neighborhood for the longest time...and bit by bit, it's turning into something unique and a destination in its own right.\n\nI have been to the fashion show during the Grand Avenue Street Fair as well as the Mutant Pinata exhibit (my personal favorite).  The venue is roomy...great for exhibits and gatherings.  I also enjoy visiting friend Kate Benjamin's Moderncat Studios behind the main venue.\n\nThe neighborhood is still up and coming and as a single female I do prefer to head down there with a companion.  I have been down there a few times when I've had to deal with inebriated street types who were probably harmless but disarming nevertheless.\n\nBut the point of supporting them is precisely to turn the neighborhood around and change the element.  Be sure to venture off the main drag on a First Friday and see for yourself!
I love this place. Been here twice now and the food is amazing and authentic. The lunch specials are great, can't go wrong with the panang chicken and egg drop soup with chicken fried rice for $6.95. The staff is very nice and they remembered me but they do get behind at times with keeping your water full. Either way I'll keep coming back again and again, I've heard it's the best Thai in the valley so why waste time finding a new spot?!
Tonight was my 2nd trip to this restaurant.  I went several weeks ago for lunch.  They had advertised a lunch special on Facebook but when I got there was told it was for the previous day but they would try to make it for my anyway.  It was a pasta covered in some kind of green sauce which was yummy.  I had wanted to try their bread pudding but they were out of it so I got a piece of chocolate cake.  It was the largest piece of cake I ever saw.  Had to take it home to finish it and should probably waited to finish it the next day as it was just too much chocolate for me and I did not feel good the next day but I must say the cake was delicious.\nTonight 2 friends took me there for my birthday.  We had appetizers of lamb chops, flat bread with barbequed chicken which were quite good except the lamp could have been cooked a bit longer.  I got the special of some kind of chicken fettucine.  My friends had chicken salad.  At the end of my meal I got the bread pudding and I must admit it was the BEST I have ever had.  It even beats the ones I make.
"""Two strikes but there is still Norwegian farm raised salmon.   I was disappointed the lightly breaded halibut and tempura shrimp are currently unavailable for a TBD period.  Both are excellent values, particularly the 10 piece shrimp packed in two groups of five plus two packs of very tasty sauce.   Each is a no brainer to prepare on a baking sheet and turning once in the 15 minute process. The good news is \fresh\"""" Norwegian farm raised salmon is available and better than the usual Atlantic farm raised salmon (at least in my opinion).  TJ's salmon is packaged several different ways but I like the salmon stuffed with feta and spinach the best.  One for dinner and the other for lunch the next day.  One can never get enough salmon.  The other necessity is Block 50 in either Merlot or Shiraz on the flyer special."""""""
Jade Bar sits atop the hills of Paradise Valley in The Sanctuary Resort. Chef MacMillen's restaurant sits right next to the Jade Bar, and the idea of possibly seeing him there was enough to entice us to pay a visit. We unfortunately missed him but it ended up being a great date night for me and my wife. \n\nAs you enter The Sanctuary Resort, you already get the feeling that it is not the run-of-the-mill place. The uphill road once in the resort is dark and intimidating, but the restaurant/bar is then a beacon which you inadvertently draws you. As soon as you drive up to the building service is impeccable. \n\nThe bar is smaller than I had thought, but it was not overly crowded, particularly for a Friday night. There is a small indoor/outdoor lounge area. There was live vocal jazz being played. We decided to sit the bar and order drinks and dessert. Had tried the PB Bomb for dessert; Moscow Mule, Old Fashion and Manhattan for drinks. The cocktails were well-made and the bartenders were accommodating. The crowd was a mix of locals and people from the resort, slightly on the older side. Things quieted down around 11ish. \n\nAfterwards we walked around the resort. The weather was nice and cool with a slight breeze and the views of the lights from the adjacent red rock hills was unlike anything we had seen before. Without hesitation would recommend this place for a date night, or for those looking for something quieter and less raucous than the Scottsdale scene.
"""My first experience with Aiello's was with the back of their restaurant ordering pizza. It was pretty memorable because I had a chance to chat with Joe Aiello. He was warm and friendly, and he was very proud of his food. That put me in a great mood, and allowed me to feel great about my purchase. With giant pizza en tow, I went home to commence the nomming. The pie was topped off with veggies and Joe's meatballs, and tasted delicious. Again, their pizza is huge, NY style to it's core. It's definitely the kind of pizza that you fold when you eat it...it's really the only way to avoid a mess. Keep that in mind.\n\nThe second experience I had was during lunch. This time I got to meet Myrah Aiello. She was warm and sweet, and she was very hospitable. Because I had the meatballs on the pie before, I had to try their meatball parmigiana sandwich (which they only serve at lunch). While I waited, I got to nibble on some great bread and chili oil; it's a must if you go there. Shortly after I finished most of the chilis, the server came out with  two fist-size meatball in a delicious looking roll. I'm talking \Over the Top\"""" trucker fist-size meatballs, just huge! Huge and mighty tasty! They were cooked perfectly, and the marinara paired perfectly with it. I was only able to eat half.\n\nWith a couple of great owners and good food, this place should be a no-brainer to anyone looking for a moderately-priced Italian meal. The next thing I want to try is their Salumeria on 7th!"""""""
"""Carlsbad Tavern is the Scottsdale version of Casa Bonita. I know, I know, there are no cliff divers, and there are no video games, but they both serve Mexican food, they both have a giant waterfall, and the whole place is like a cave so three out of five ain't bad. \n\nThe staff here are all incredibly friendly. It looked like they actually enjoyed working there. And you can tell this place is family owned. It has a certain fun factor that corporate lawyers would most likely have advised against (examples being...the giant waterfall, outdoor canal, and large objects hanging tenuously from the ceiling). \n\nThe food was pretty good. My dining companions complained of too much cheese, but this is \New Mexico\"""" style Mexican food. What better way to \""""Americanize\"""" something than to put giant portions of cheese all over it. Am I the only one who occasionally has a craving for a giant burrito covered in savory green chili sauce and melted monterrey jack?  As soon as I hear those magic words \""""be careful,the plate is REALLY hot!\"""" I turn into a human version of Pavlov's dog. \n\nThe margaritas were very good, and their tomatillo salsa was top notch."""""""
The sausage/bratwurst at Haus Murphy's is great.  Very flavorful, but I am more fond of the Krakaur (sp?) brat than the others. \n\nThe sausage appetizer is definitely great for a big group and comes with a mustard that is excellent.\n\nOur german waiter was a nice touch. :)\n\nWe sat in the lounge area which is nicely decorated and the bar looks great.  The tables being put together is pretty cool, although I kind of wished they were the same type/size so that you didn't feel like the puzzle pieces didn't match.  But that may be my OCD talking.\n\nThe food did take a while to cook.  I didn't get a chance to try the schnitzel, but one day I will.  Meanwhile I had the German Brat, which was moist and flavorful.  It was on top of the saurkraut... which having been a child who hated saurkraut, I tried it yesterday for the first time since, and I liked it.  So kudos to them for changing my view of saurkraut.  Unfortunately, my diet currently limits any starches, so I was unable to try the potatos that came with it, but they sure smelled good and looked seasoned appropriately.\n\nThe german beer was AWESOME coming in these HUGE mugs... all I needed was one beer.\n\nPrice wasn't too bad either.  $34 for a German Brat plate, Krakaur (sp?) brat plate, a side salad, and two german beers.\n\nWe would definitely go back.
Im building my happy hour list and I cant have a happy hour list without RA or Kona! :)\n\n\nRA is delicious...I will say it is expensive if outside of happy hour....but during happy hour the value is great.  A large selection of drinks (Sake bomb is usually the most popular) and a large selection of discounted items including their famous Vegas roll which is my favorite.  I also recommend the crunchy spicy tuna roll....its a ball of deepfried rice with a tuna tartar ontop....very good stuff.\n\nI highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a good sushi happy hour.
"""Yesterday was my third visit to Pink Pepper and while it deserves praise in many respects, there is definite room for improvement.  My first impression of the restaurant was a dinner experience that went off with out a hitch.\n\nThe second time I went, we ended up choosing to go somewhere else.  Despite arriving at 5:15p for dinner, the doors remained locked with no one to be found (advertised open  for dinner at 4:30p).  I've noticed this seems to be a perpetual problem here, because when I arrived for lunch at 11:00a yesterday, the doors were similarly locked.  I decided to wait to see how long it would take and sadly, no one appeared at the doors until almost 11:20a.\n\nI was perhaps more disappointed by the discovery that the buffet is the only option for lunch.  Even if you want to order an entr\u00e9e from the menu, you cannot.\n\nThat said, there is no denying the quality of the food.  The buffet was fantastic and the crispy chicken in cream sauce (the dish I would have ordered, given the opportunity) is nothing short of \to die for\"""".  Coupled with the fantastic service I can always expect once I'm actually seated, I am certain I will be back."""""""
"""The first time I ever had Five Guys was at the Reagan Airport.  I didn't get to it until an hour later and it was still delicious.  Been to this location twice and every time going there hits the spot.  Sharing a medium order of fries with a friend is PLENTY and their mini-sized burgers are just right.  Guys will probably like the \regular\"""" ones since they come with two patties.  My husband was skeptical when I took him to this place but now he requests it ... and we have to drive to Scottsdale all the way from Buckeye!"""""""
"""I don't frequent Chipotle because they pretty much have the same thing all the time.. not that that's a bad thing, just that I can get bored quickly.  When I do go, I do like to get their 2 soft corn tacos with beef or pork, which is marinated perfectly.  They are a bit stingy with the meat servings, but I guess I understand that if they are using \hormone free\"""" (as they claim, but you never really are sure) meat.  I usually make it up with added fajitas, lettuce, salsa, etc.. then my tacos get really fat and filling.\n\nThe staff is nice and quick and gets my order done correctly.  This location can get really busy and have a long line at lunch (figures, a lot of people love Chipotle), but if you do the phone or online order, you can run in and pay and be out in a jiff."""""""
"""I've been here a few times. Most recent for a ONS. Thank god Surprise has more than The Windmill down Bell. It's a good hotel. A little pricy, and I'll tell you why.. \n\nA- It's spring training central for the 2 teams Surprise hosts. The players stay here during the spring AND summer / fall. There are second string players who stay here to train at the ballpark. How do I know this? I used to be the property manager at Park Place condo's where the line up players stay. Man, those were killer parties!! So ok, it's $$$ because they can be. \n\nB- they are not an \by the hour\"""" hotel. So if you are like me and are in the middle of a fling and don't want said guy to know where you live, this is a nice, clean, comfortable bed. With breakfast included on your way out the door. ;) \n\nJoking aside, it's a nice newer hotel."""""""
Went there for the first time on Saturday!\n\nWas with my bf and two friends. Mt bf was casually dressed and the other three of us were decked out in our goth club wear.\n\nIt was lot's of fun but pretty dead as far as how I would expect a club to be on a Saturday night. It might be because it caters to a small population and there was another alternative show going on elsewhere in the valley.\n\nThe interior blew me away! I thought it was going to be like some cheesy Haunted House and it was more like a beautiful Vampieric Church.\n\nThe bathrooms are shared but not in a bad way. It still feels safe and private to use the bathroom.\n\nThe dance floor is small but that's ok cause I don't enjoy dancing in the style the attendees chose. But, I did try my hand at it and being on the dance floor was quite fun.\n\nThe music was better than I expected. Being a goth who is a fan of the Top 20 is hard for me to go to goth themed clubs.\n\nI love the seating areas. There are bleachers on which you can sit and overlook the club as well and comfy couches by the bar. It was nice to just sit around and chat wile people watching.\n\nI don't think I will go again till I can get a group of friends together or till there is an event and I know there will be a larger crowd.
I'm really lucky to live where I live.  I have a good number of places to eat that are all within walking distance or along the lightrail.  This little gem of a place on Roosevelt has been a favorite of mine and the husband's.  It's a tiny little place with minimal parking in the back, but it packs a punch for it's size.\n\nInside you will find a small but comprehensive selection of some Italian staples that may be more difficult to find in other areas.  They have pizzelle, anise, spices, and even some specialty imported tomato sauces.  Their meat and cheese selection is also small but comprehensive. Everything always looks fresh and tasty.  They keep everything in smaller quantities so I take comfort in the fact that they aren't selling me old crappy food.  \n\nWhen we eat here, I typically get the gnocchi.  Now, it certainly isn't the best.  I'm pretty sure it has been previously frozen, or maybe the same stuff that they stock on their shelves.  However, it's still a tasty gnocchi.  Tender potato dumplings sit in a pool of yummy marinara sauce.  I'm not typically a fan of marinara sauce, but in this case, I love it.  It's a really simple sauce with just the right amount of basil and oregano to remind me of what Italian food should taste like.\n\nI once got the chicken salad sandwich here.  I love chicken salad and will usually try it when presented with the opportunity.  Unfortunately, I really did not like this kind.  It was a little on the dry side for my taste, but man was this SPICY!  It was overwhelming to me, maybe in part to the fact that I was not expecting it.  However, the husband finished it off and really really enjoyed it.\n\nFinally, anything with meatballs on it from here is a solid choice.  They are big and flavorful with a delicate blend of spices mixed in.  I'm not sure if they use meat other than beef in there, but I have a feeling they might use lamb.  Yum.\n\nOverall, a good bet if you are downtown and want a good Italian Sub.
I tried the chicken katsu and my husband had the chicken teriyaki. Both were good. The California rolls were good and so were the spring rolls. Its a smaller place that has good food but space is limited here. The only thing that I didn't like is the waitress did not check up after we ordered everything we were ordering. I had to flag someone down after getting our food. The service is friendly but if being a waitress is your job then ask me if  how my food is or if I need anything else! Not too much to ask.. Lol
Family owned homestyle mexican food for the masses. Good flavor inexpensive. quesadillas for the kids and cheese crisps to start while you wait . Guac is good. My fave are the tacos chicken or beef. I have friends who are fans of the green chile really havent had anything on the menu I didnt like. They do serve beer as well. During dinner area is full and they usually have two servers. Always friendly (maybe just not peppy) and even if food isnt fast its not because the workers are sitting around twiddling thumbs.
I went here for the first time and it was pretty crowded, which i usually take as a good sign. We were seated right away. The place is not that big so the tables are pretty close to one another so if you like your own space, then maybe you ought to try elsewhere. \n\nWe started out with the Caprese (sp) and it was AMAZING! their pesto sauce has so much flavor and i LOOOOVED their cheese!! Then we got some wings and their wings ar so meaty and delicious. Im not a big fan of chicken and i usually like mt wings burnt to the bone so i dont taste the flavor (weird, i know) but their wings were pretty great. AND that freaking hot sauce they have is not really hot BUT IT IS BY THE FAR THE MOST DELICIOUS sauce i have had...EVER! I'd go back just for that if everything else sucked. \n\nThen, my boyfriend got the shrimp pizza (shrimp on pizza!?) and I got the chicken pesto. I didnt like either of them. shrimp is just not meant to go on pizza. it doesnt mesh well and their was a sweet kick to it, which my taste buds were just not feeling. The chicken peso was TOO chickeny! it had wayyyyyyyy too much chicken. but the crisped onions on top were delish! \n\nOur waiter, i wish i could remember his name, but he was an older gentleman with glasses and he was so great! I will be requesting him every time i go there again. \n\nOverall, I was very happy with this place. I'll just have to try different pizza's next time
Ever wonder if all beers taste like water, ie.Coors and Bud? Let Old World Brewery blow your mind. The Brewery is the perfect spot to begin your education in craft beer brewing.  I don't like to sugarcoat thing, it's not the 4 Seasons, but what it lacks in style, it spends on its beer.  (Pretty places don't spend enough on their food)  \n\nOld World Brewery really puts the drink in drinkability, the owner believes that craft brewing should be accessible to everyone, and crafts his beer so both newbies and enthusiastic can enjoy.  Don't let the funny names intimidate you from ordering.  The staff is super friendly and would love to help you choose the right beer. \n\nI had an unusual taster rack, made of 4 different scotch glasses. \n \nBlonde Nitro : Lightest flavor, and not for me.  \n\nThe Prick.  Wheat beer mixed with gallons of cactus fruit.  Definitely try this beer.  It's a light wheat beer with a hint of fruity mellowness.\n\n4 Irish Red.  Their best seller and my favorite of the bunch.  Good malts and with a little hoppy finish.  \n\nBrown.   Really dark.  It was ok.\n\nThe place is made to hang out with dart boards, a tv and open space.  Don't let its somewhat odd location stop you from coming by.
"""We've been going to Fry's since they opened in Arizona.  First to the one in Tempe and then to the one on Thunderbird.  Personally, I prefer the Thunderbird store to the one on Baseline, but that's just my personal preference.  Today we went to the store so that my husband could price out some components for a computer that he was considering building.  We went in to price them, we came out with the components in our hot little hands.  The salesperson in computers, Michael Scudella, was amazing.  He really spent the time with us to understand what we were looking to do (build a computer that can play Diablo III when it comes out... along with other stuff that I don't care as much about but hubby does).  He was friendly, patient, and extremely knowledgeable about computer components.  I usually just \glaze over\"""" when people begin talking \""""computer tech speak\"""" but I actually had fun while my husband went all \""""geek\"""" in the store.  The store is large, clean and has a huge selection of computer stuff.  I recommend it to anyone who wants a better buying experience than most of the typical big box chains for computer parts."""""""
I recently stayed at the Valley Ho for a conference being held on-site. My experience was really nice, everything from the food to the retro style room to the poolside atmosphere.  Cafe ZuZu has an assorted lunch selection and Trader Vic was only a short on-site walk where I enjoyed their happy hour. The front desk, catering and valet staff were helpful and provided outstanding service to all the guests.  When scheduling future company events I will definitely keep the Valley Ho in mind.
"""Have you ever had a bobcat wipe it's ass on your Barry Bonds jersey, while it's still on your back, then sprinkle crumbled up peanuts all over your head, encouraging the entire left-field stands to stand up, applaud, and roar as they point and laugh at you? I have. Over the years, Bastard (Baxter) the Bobcat and I have developed quite the relationship. In fact, if it wasn't for my undying love for pussy, I would have clobbered this cat years ago. \n\nThe-Bobcat-chosen-to-represent-a-team-whose-official-mascot-is-a-snake aside, this park has it's ups and downs. Instead of telling you war stories of my past experiences at Chase Field, I've decided to break down the pros and cons in a list format. \n\n:::::Pros:::::\n1. Location - Centrally located in downtown Phoenix, it's difficult to beat the location of Chase Field. But I'm a sucker for downtown areas. \n2. MILFS - Looking as if they are headed for Old Town Scottsdale, opposed to a baseball game, these bitches may not have the slightest idea about the sport, but they do a damn good job of providing me something to look at while walking to and from my seat.\n3. Retractable roof - This assures an excellent temperature while watching the Dimondbacks  finish in third place in the NL West. \n4. Me - Anytime you are lucky enough to catch me at the game is a plus. \n\n:::::Cons:::::\n1. Fans - These are hands down the WORST fans in professional sports. Not only are these fans clueless, but they are shallow as a puddle of piss. Every time I go to a game, I have to double check the schedule to make sure it wasn't an away game. I guess I just expect a professional franchise to draw more than seventeen fans a game. And that's in April. \n2. Baxter the Bobcat - Fuck him. \n3. Concessions - It's a shame that I have to take out a loan every time I want to go to a game and get my drink on. But soaring concession prices aren't exclusive to Chase Field, I'm not foolish. However, the food at Chase Field is absolute horse shit. I'm old school, so I'm straight with a hot dog and some chicken strips, but I'm as good as fucked if I want anything less barbaric. \n4. My buddy's leg tattoo - Yeah that's right, a leg tattoo. Nine times out of ten, if I'm at a D-Backs game, my buddy Hunt is with me. And ten times out of ten, my buddy Hunt is beyond shit-faced. So here I am, a Giants fan, walking around with a belligerent motherfucker with an Arizona Dimondbacks tattoo on his calf muscle, spilling beer on everybody within a 200ft radius, and shouting \YOU FUCKING SUCK DICK BITCH\"""" to Eric Byrnes (back then) in front of every little child in the left field bleachers. \n5. Luis Gonzalez - We get it, you love Luis Gonzalez. He had one good year. And that was due SOLELY to steroid use. Which happens to be the same reason you fans loathe Barry Bonds. Hypocrites. \n6. Baxter the Bobcat - Yeah I know I already said it, but Fuck him again. \n\nI'm sure I am leaving out tons of very crucial information, but hey, this works. Overall, it is a great park in an even better city. Although I now live in the Bay, and get to frequent a REAL ballpark (ATT Park), I really miss hitting up Chase with my buddy Hunt. I even miss him shouting \""""FUUUUUUCK YOUUUUUU\"""" directly into my ear, at the top of his lungs, following a go-ahead homer by the D-Backs."""""""
This place sure is fun on a Saturday night! No cover, stiff drinks, and kick ass music. The main room is dance music with the next room playing hip-hop. My girls and I danced our asses off last Saturday and by midnight, this place was packed. \n\nOn Thursday nights, that have a drag show but shortly after, it dies out flat. Such a shame because it would be great to continue the party there on a Thursday night. But, that's okay, I still love getting my dance at this spot! You see people of all types here which is great. Everyone is there just to have a good time...
I came here for brunch with the fam a few weeks ago and loved it. I had the Mission Huevo Ranchero w/ red chile pork and it was delicious. The french press coffee was also really good and they even brought an extra cup set so I could share with my parents.\n\nNext time, we will have to come back for dinner. It's also not very far from where my parents live and I'm usually in town at least twice a year.
Came in here briefly to get DD a cookie since Short Leash was out front and we were waiting for our dogs.\n\nThere is a small selection of cookies and a case of cupcakes inside.  It's cute and quaint.  I wish there was more seating inside, as it was a little tight with people standing around munching.\n\nDD ordered the pineapple coconut cookie at the urging of Jon H.  She seemed to enjoy it.  \n\nI finally registered the Belly app on my iPhone and scanned my QR code here.  Apparently it was a good move because I WON a free cookie!  I never win ANYTHING so... Urban Cookies is cool in my book.\n\nI got the peanut butter and DH ate half of it and said it was just okay.  I ate the other half and it was a little hard, but the taste was spot on.  My fault for not eating it the moment I got it, I guess.\n\nI will likely be back next Tuesday!
Great little gyros joint run by what appears to be a real Greek family. The $9'ish gyros plate comes with plenty of food. The rice and salad were the highlight of my meal. There was a little grissle in my meat slices, but maybe that means it's authentic... I wouldn't know as I have never been to greece. It still tasted damn good. Fair warning, the last time I went there for lunch it was very busy and all the tables were full. Several customers ended up eating while sitting on the sidewalk. Maybe it will slow down when all the snowbirds head home.
I've been to That Italian Place 3 times for dinner and have LOVED every single thing we've ordered - homemade ravioli, lasagna, linguine with clams, gnocchi, chicken parm, homemade meatballs, etc.  Actually, all of the pasta is homemade so you absolutely can't go wrong.  This place is perfect for a really great meal, decent but not too expensive bottle of wine and a cannoli (or two).  Been to all of the Italian restaurants in the Ahwatukee area, and this one definitely has the best food.  Each time we've come here (no reservations) on Friday or Saturday nights, didn't have to wait, but they have a bar to grab a drink just in case.  The service is excellent and the wait staff are always good for a recommendation too.
My coworkers and I come here a lot for lunch and we all really enjoy it. Their lunch portion is the perfect amount of food and comes with delicious soup. I've tried about 3 different dishes but mostly I get the Panang Curry (Thai Hot 1). They have like 10 different levels of spiciness with extra levels that are not even on the menu. I took some friends and family their for dinner once and my Dad got this crazy seafood dish that came out in an aluminum foil swan. He just raved about how delicious it was. I've never had a bad experience and recommend that you give it a try.
Although this location does take walk-ins, it would behoove you to make an appointment if you would rather not spend an afternoon waiting. Lots of Sun City Westers come here so expect a wait if you didn't make an appointment. \n\nThe staff is nice. The front desk guy is a bit indifferent but I imagine I would be similar in stature if I had to deal with the elderly all day long. Not to say they don't deserve to be treated well, but I've seen them in action and they can be tiresome at best. \n\nThe phlebotomists are very proficient. My blood is not easy to draw yet they never have a problem. They are kind, professional, and make the process not so bad. \n\nSo what did we learn? Make an appointment, be patient with the oldsters, and the process isn't all that bad at this location! :)
"""We were on a mission . . . to check out the space for a possible 18-guest dinner on a Saturday evening in March. We were excited as it was the most perfect day to enjoy the patio at True Food Kitchen. Apparently, everyone else had the same idea! What we didn't expect was that at 12:15 pm on a Friday afternoon, the wait for a table for two would be 40-45 minutes! Yikes! So we decided to not put our name down and try somewhere else . . . but before we left, we scoped out the building and patio. On the far end, the side with the really picturesque view of the mountains and the fountains (no streets), was a near \lounge\"""" area with large comfy patio like chairs and low cocktail tables. I made a beeline to the hostess and asked if they were reserved or available . . . she said \""""the table is a little low . . . \"""" We said, \""""no worries.\"""" We had our seats and we were ecstatic!!!! \n\nAnd our experience continued to get better the longer we lingered. The patio area is much more conducive to talking . . . inside, it is very loud, and it would be difficult to carry on leisurely lunch (or dinner) and good conversation. My friend commented how nice it is to go out to eat and feel like you are doing something healthy for yourself. That is the foundation of True Food Kitchen and we likey!!!! \n\nThe menu offers so many wonderful choices to nourish your body. Their refreshing nonalcoholic elixirs were calling my name, so I had the Green Arnie which was perfectly sweetened with honey. They also have a beautiful selection of hot teas not usually found in most restaurants, and they serve it with honey as well. (Not a Splenda in sight!) \n\nFor our entrees, my friend chose the Panang Curry with Tofu. I was skeptical (having visited Thailand with the real deal). It is a large portion filled with a plentiful amount of tofu and veggies. The tofu was cooked to perfection so that the fragrant and delicious sauce clung to it just so. Yes, I tasted it -- I couldn't help it -- my friend was inhaling it at a vigorous pace! I ordered the Spaghetti Squash Casserole. It was delicioso. The squash and zucchini maintained a little of their crunchy vegetable texture, the tomato sauce was smooth and not too tangy, and it was just perfectly topped with just the right amount of slightly browned mozzarella cheese. \n\nWhat I loved was that our server, while attentive, was not in the least bit smothering. On such a busy afternoon, she was gracious when we asked for more time to order; she offered my friend more hot water for her tea; and didn't rush us to leave and turn the space when we concluded our entrees . . . she gave us the opportunity to linger . . . and so we did. \n\nNo doubt that we will be back again and again. And I'm pretty sure my friend will be booking her 18-guest dinner there, too!"""""""
"""The staff has always been super awesome to me, which i really appreciate, especially on those early mornings when i know it's just going to be a long day. When it comes to getting a straight up cup-o-joe it's delicious and hits the spot. Sometimes i get a crazy hair up my butt and order one of those silly sugary drinks, and when ever i do i wish i had just gotten a regular coffee. I don't know what it is about the \specialty\"""" drinks here that i don't like. Which is weird because other coffee places (local and chain) i usually don't have that reaction."""""""
Here's why I like this place: I like wine (aka Mommy Juice). And they have lots of it. \nLet's face it: Postino started and leads the pack on wine bars and 5th and Wine seems to recognize that by serving some of their dishes. Which is fine with me because 5th and Wine is closer and easier to snag a table.\nTheir homemade mozzarella is one of my favorite things. If they had a plate of just that, bread, and olive oil, i'd order it every time. The other items in the dish are just a bonus.\nThe only reason this isn't a 5 star review is the fact that the last 3 times we've been there, our servers have not been super educated on the wines. We were totally spoiled the first time we hit this place: our server knew the wine list inside and out and recommended wines that we really liked and regularly look for, now. Since then, when we ask our servers what they recommend for different types of wine, they have had to ask the bartender and even then, the wines just haven't been on target. I get that it's a little bit hard to know every wine on a gigantic list and I have no problem with our servers asking the bartender for suggestions. But when you work at a place called 5th and Wine, you should be able to know the difference between a merlot and a zin...which one of our servers did not. I'm totally willing to give them the benefit of the doubt and continue going here- I mean, we keep trying different wines until we get one we love, so, it's a win-win.
Hands down the BEST mojito I have ever tasted... and this is coming from someone that was never a fan of the drink. I ordered the lobster empanaditas and they were tasty. The sauce was perfect. I enjoyed the authentic atmosphere and live music - - it really did feel like I had been whisked away to Cuba. The service wasn't bad, but they did forget to bring a few things that were ordered - - we were a large group though so I'll be a bit forgiving. If it happened again it'd be an issue. I think everyone should take advantage of this restaurant being in the valley. It's great.
Their California Black Bean Veggie Burger is incredible! I'm going back solely for that purpose - the menu doesn't do a great job of selling it, it's awesome - in between slices of toast with a generous smear of avacado and then its smothered in gooey nacho cheese. The burger itself is also great, but the toppings are where it's at!\n\nThe beers are pretty good, I liked the Devils Ale, and the place has a nice upscale pub ambiance, a lot like Four Peaks in many ways. Good for watching the game, happy hour, meeting up with an old friend, or just a casual meal & drink.
Although it sounds like a wack-job fly-by-night TV warehouse just from the name, don't be fooled nor should you underestimate the impressiveness of this grub-haven on 15th Ave. Last weekend my friend and I had an intense craving for Greek that neither Pita Jungle nor other places could handle.  \n\nWe realized that this place Crazy Jim's might be up to the task.  I had been told multiple times by friends who work in Central Phoenix about this place (another location on Washington is bonus), only to find myself busy, wanting something else, blah, blah, blah.\n\nThe freshly made gyro feta pita was heavenly. The pita was fluffy, the gyro strips were tender and flavorful and the feta cheese and tzatziki dressing were the icing on this cake, so to speak.  The accompanying steak fries are thick and crispy. Bobo opted for the spicy beef pita and was lovin it.\n\nThe environs are rough around the edges, but this low-key and spartan cafe delivers, amid the sound of local radio piped in via loud speaker.  The focus here is on the food and nothing else.  The servers were prompt, friendly and chatty, but not too much.\n\nThe menu is rife with tantalizing options including pita pizzas, pastas, subs and burgers, but I've never desired to stray from the solid and delicious pitas.
The afternoon tea was FABULOUS!!!  Our servers took great care of us and even made my mom's day when they double-checked with me to ensure that yes, she really is the age I said she was.  We were celebrating my mom's birthday and I treated her to an evening stay at the Biltmore.  I must say that the AZ employee's rate is great and is what prompted us to stay!\nThe staff was incredibly helpful and friendly!  We asked for more towels and ended up with enough for us, the neighbors and maybe the entire hotel!\n\nA couple of downsides however --\n1.  I was expecting more luxury.  The AZ Biltmore is touted around here for being luxurious.  The stay was no more great than a stay at a Hilton (which they are owned by).  The property is old and is in a noticeable state of repair.  It needs work.  The rooms are cold and drafty, the wallpaper is peeling, and there is obvious wear and tear in the lobby.\n\n2.  Frank and Alberts = thumbs down.  The server disappeared for many minutes at a time and only refilled my water when asked.  The food was okay, but not worth the price.\n\nThat being said, we had a wonderful stay!  If you have not been, you must go, and take the time to go to the 3rd floor and check out the history room!
It was very easy to find this place when you walk in downtown Tempe, the patio settings stands out and make this place looks really cozy at night. I love their outdoor and indoor bar, but it gets too crowded on weekend so be prepare if you want to go to this place on Friday and Saturday cause the bar is packed! The dinner table on the other hand is convenient if you just want to have a relax dining experience while watching a big screen projector TV and listen to the house music (it gets louder during night time). Their steak tacos and ribs are great! I believe it was one of the best steak tacos that I have eat in the valley (so far), and the ribs just delicate with the tempting BBQ sauce. What unique about this bar that was unforgettable for me is their hand soap bottle, they use ketchup bottle and it just makes me wondering what's with the ketchup bottle! Overall, if I need a place to chill out with romantic lighting atmosphere, this definitely gonna be one of the place that I keep in mind.
"""I have visited As You Wish twice, each time with my mom and favorite cousin.  The three of us went in the first time not really knowing what to expect but felt pretty sure we would create masterpieces.  Not so much.  First of all, about the place.\n\nThe shop is really nice - colorful, organized, and welcoming.  The employees are friendly and helpful and do a great job explaining everything you need to know on your first visit.  Even though the store is pretty spacious, it can be a little tight in there, especially when all the tables are full and people are milling about selecting pottery, paint, switching out water, or asking staff for help.  That said, the tables are a good height and the chairs are pretty comfortable.  Be warned, though - if you have more than three in your group, a four-top table will be a very tight squeeze.  On my second visit, my cousin's husband joined us, and between all of our pottery, 3-4 bottles of paint each, two bowls of water, brushes, sponges, and paper towels, we didn't have any room to spare.  Thankfully, we didn't spill or drop anything, but we came close.\n\nIf you're visiting for the first time and have no experience paining pottery (or painting anything more than a wall, really), and/or are lacking artistic inclination, here's some advice: don't select a \blank canvas\"""" piece.  I know, all of the pottery is plain what.  What I mean is don't select a gigantic plate or a trinket box.  Select something with \""""guides,\"""" like the cupcake or robot.  On our first visit, my cousin and I each selected a trinket box.  We both had visions of creating masterpieces.  In reality, I ended up with a black box with hints of blue and purple swirled around.  Hers was no better,  We knew better when we went back.  I went with the dragon and was able to use the raised and contoured areas as guides for paint placement.  It was so much easier than trying to design something on my own, and let me tell you - the finished product came out so nicely!\n\nSo those are my two cents.  Having a girls' pottery painting party has become tradition for us and I'm already looking forward to going back.  Even if your first pottery piece comes out like my ugly black box, it's worth it for all the laughs you'll have with the people you're with!"""""""
Here's a sample experience at MacAlpines:\n\nWow! A real, old fashioned soda parlor! Whoa, look at all this vintage stuff! Hey, check out the menu! Oh hell yeah I love this kind of candy, I haven't seen this in forever! Oh maaan 99 flavors of soda what the whaaat! \n\nMmm.. pina colada soda, wait, the butter pecan is even better! No, taste the margarita! Wait, they're refillable! AHHH!!!! VANILLA COKE! BUBBLEGUM! MORE BUTTER PECAN! HEY THERE'S CHOCOLATE! GIVE ME AN IRISH CREAM FLAVOR! PUT CARAMEL IN IT! ANOTHER CARAMEL, THIS TIME WITH CHOCOLATE! WE HAVEN'T EVEN TRIED THE ICE CREAM, WE NEED THIS ONE WITH ICE CREAM IN IT. MORE ICE CREAM YUM THRIFTY ICE CREAM!!!!!!!\n\nHoly shiznit, that soda.... 'twas nothing but awesome... I don't feel so good.\n\n*passes out in the car*\n\nArrives home.\n\n*passes out for fifteen hours*\n\nAwakens with a hangover more vicious than the Thursday following Wine Wednesdays at ASU. Remembers MacAlpines fondly while taking 3 Ibuprofen. Goes back to sleep.
DAMN YOU COST PLUS. DAMN YOU! Why oh why did we stop by after a Ticoz happy hour? Do you realize how vulnerable I am after two pineapple mojitos? Do you realize what I can do with two empty shopping carts, a cute boyfriend and a brand spankin' new credit card? Well, apparently you do. Cost Plus is like a Pier 1 Import, a section of William Sonoma and a Linen and Things all hooked up one night, had drinks, forgot each others names, and decided to room together after that. We bought sake cups, sushi plates, sparkling Voss waters, Henna tattoo crap, candles, candles and more candles. To the tune of $228. So hats off to you Cost Plus. I get the name now. Cost. Plus more than you thought you would spend. SUCKERS!!!!!
Why yes.... I love ridiculously Americanized cream cheese and avocado-stuffed deep-fried makizushi (if you can even still call it that). And I make no apologies! Purists be damned. That being said, Sakana's rainbow roll, philly roll, and crunchy eel rolls were totally melt-in-your-mouth delicious. Crunchy eel had to be my favorite. Flaming phoenix was pretty good, too. \n\nI have to back up a bit.... I started with the ahi tataki salad. It's way bigger in person than it looked in the photo, and sooooo good (note: I normally HATE salads, just ordered it for the seared tuna and ended up eating a good amount of the salad itself). I also tried the spicy tuna roll and it was a big disappointment... BARELY any spice and the tuna tasted a little fishy, definitely not as scrumptious as the tuna in the salad. But I had so many other yummy things to nosh on, I didn't mind abandoning the spicy tuna. \n\nI'm not sure if it's a regular thing, but they had 50c appetizers if you order a Kirin. The prices on all the dishes were totally reasonable. They DON'T have a full bar, I'm not sure why there are 3 votes for that.
"""We are from out of town and were staying at the Carefree Resort and Conference Center, so we wanted to find something local.  We found this restaurant and were pleasantly surprised by the experience.  Alberto greeted us and was so very sweet!  Although I didn't really enjoy my entree as much as I hoped (the sauce was delicious, though!), I loved how they have a \Christmas all year round\"""" theme.  A Christmas Tree made of Italian wine bottles and Christmas music no matter what time of the year!  If you're ever in Carefree, AZ, go to Alberto Italian...you will not be disappointed!"""""""
I used to hang out here alot in my high school days, and when my wife and I were dating. I really like the place. It is a part of our community in avondale, people just like to chill here! The owners, and staff are all family. They are some really cool people, and like to get to know the people who walk in. I have become friends with a few of them.\n\nNow about the food.\n\nMost pizza places like this have a very different tasting pizza than your everyday Pizza Hut pizzas, but I really like the pizza here. It has a different taste I crave for sometimes but for the most part I mostly go to pizza hut. The wings are good but I've had better. Still good though! I think for the most part you should try it if you are around  town. I see some people LOVE this place, and some people who are like me and just come here when they crave that different taste.
"""I had been contemplating going to Different Pointe of View for *years*, but because of my continuous status as a poor college student, I've also put it off.  With DPoV participating once again in AZ Restaurant Week, and a dining partner who wanted to take advantage of it, it was finally off to DPoV we went.\n\nBefore we went, I didn't understand the plethora of \4 stars\"""" that this fancy restaurant constantly receive.  But having gone, now I totally get it.  It's a great restaurant, but it's lacking that little something to make it stand out.\n\nThe Food:\n-our 3 course prix fixe was delicious, from the lobster bisque topped with crunchy veggie bits to the filet mignon perfectly cooked to the chocolate heaven dessert, my mouth was always satisfied.  However, it lacked that one abso-freaking-lutely amazing dish that deserves a 5 star.\n\nThe Ambience: \n-the view was amazing, and that does deserve the coveted 5 stars :-)\n\nThe Service:\n-hailing from normal restaurants of being served by 20 somethings rushing around, the silent and smooth service performed by pudgy older men was a welcome change, and added much to the atmosphere.  However, they could have coordinated a little better.  Ex: 3 different waiters came to make certain we received dessert forks.... thanks, we did.\n\nSo would I go again?  Definitely, but not until I've exhausted the list of other 4 diamond (AAA  rating) restaurants in the city."""""""
full disclosure:\nme - not indian. so don't really look at me as a trusted source for all things indian. sure, i have tons of indian friends who have been kind enough to cook for me and to initiate me into the 'we love bollywood movies' fan club, but i definitely am no expert. so with that said, take this review for what it is: an observation from someone who misses all the indian goodness she left behind in LA\n\nalright, so india plaza. first off, love the name. its right to the point. im definitely not going here looking for vietnamese food. i visited the shop next to the dhaba restaurant and was pleased to meet (what i think was) the owner. really friendly guy who was more than happy to show us around and to help us find some items. \n\nthe store was clean and smelled delicious. it was stocked with all sorts of goodies. as someone who doesn't yet know how to make roti from scratch, i was pleased to see some frozen roti in the freezer section. happy aly.\n\ni could literally spend a whole hour in here looking at all the various goodies and strange packaging. it definitely did remind me of the larger indian grocery stores back in cypress and whittier.\n\nall in all i think this place is going to be great for me. i'll be able to experiment with different types of curry and maybe one day be brave enough to make my roti. now where did i put my chai masala?
I went here yesterday for lunch with my mom. This place is very close to her house and she, my brother, niece, and nephew frequent Perk for breakfast. So when we went in, someone (I think the owner?) greeted us and was wearing like a checkered hat and just seemed like a generally nice guy. We were seated in the small, but comfortable dining room. I ended up ordering the napa valley salad to split with my mom and a cup of chicken noodle soup and she got eggs and potatoes. The kitchen actually split the salad into two bowls, which was a really nice touch! The salad was Ah Maze Ing! Soooo good. It has a really creamy feta, wine soaked onions, walnuts, and apples on top of spinach with a creamy balsamic dressing. I could have licked the bowl, this salad was so good. The soup was also tasty, but nothing super special. My mom's rosemary potatoes were really good, with enough seasoning to give them a tasty flavor and her eggs were cooked perfectly. I will definitely come back here again and try one of their wonderful sounding breakfast items (yesterday they had pumpkin pancakes....yum! but in the name of being 'healthy' I skipped them yesterday, and instead ate a bunch of feta cheese (ha!)....*sigh). So go here! You won't be disappointed!
Thank you, TFK for existing! I wanted to try everything on the menu but it just wasn't possible tonight! This is a place I could go back to every day until I try the entire menu.  I was pleasantly surprised. The food is so fresh and the flavors are great, not too salty, not overseasoned, just right. We started with the thai shrimp dumplings- small portion.  I considered ordering another.  I had the teriyaki chicken bowl and loved it.  My husband had the chicken sausage pizza.  He loved it.  We were pretty content after the entree but I just had to taste their desserts.  The almond oilve oil cake was so delish.  Light, fluffy.  A great summer dessert.  Now if they would only post that recipe.\n\nThe portions are perfect, service is great, staff is friendly and the kitchen coordinator was on top of his s*@t!  See you tomorrow, TFK :)
"""Everyone knows about Pei Wei right?! I really thought so until my boyfriend admitted that he had never been. Challenge accepted. \n\nNow, I've been a frequent Pei Wei customer ever since I discovered Asian food did not always have to send to you running to the restroom. (Yeah, thanks for nothing Bing Heng and Great Wall Buffet). This isn't the best Asian food ever, but it is quick, accessible, and always pretty tasty. \n\nI've tried everything on the menu, but my favorite options are the Crab Wontons and the Pei Wei Spicy Chicken. I ordered these plus the Spicy Korean for my n00b boyfriend to try, and everything went better than expected. \n\nIn fact, he even commented that the place was \classier\"""" than he expected. \n\nJust a side note: you can order and pay online, so you don't have to wait for the takeout line. You can also choose the specific time you would like to pick up your food."""""""
We did a quick take out order and we were not disappointed. The service was fast and friendly and the menu was decent. We ordered beef chow mien and potstickers. The potstickers were excellent. I ordered the wrong type of noodle to go with my chow mien, so that dish wasn't as enjoyable. Watching them hand pull noodles while I waited was a treat. \nThe place is clean, plenty of seating and the food was fast, fresh and delicious. The 4 stars are for the potstickers.
"""Whenever the husband and I are feeling lazy or have East Coast visitors, we venture to the voyeuristic picnic that is Ranch Market.  \n\nFirst, go to the \Meat\"""" section:  For $9.99 (at post time), you can get a pound of flavorful, piping hot carnitas (pork), 18 corn tortillas so hot off the press they sweat in the bag, an order of beans, rice and salsa.  We're not really huge fans of the beans (too runny) or rice (sorta sweet and bland, has corn bits) and I usually pass on those in lieu of a nod-nod wink-wink extra side of meat (doesn't always work but it's worth a shot).  This is usually enough for 4 (if you want leftovers, get 2 lbs.)  Not fine on swine? Pollo (chicken) or carne (steak) asada is also the same price.  \n\nThen, go to the \""""Dairy\"""" section for some queso fresco or cotija- whatever you fancy to sprinkle on top.   \n \nTo drink?  A variety of Aqua frescas- horchata, watermelon, mango, pineapple...those Yankees won't know what him 'em. \n\nDessert? Tres leches cake, duh.  I haven't tried the ice cream but I'm sure it's delicious.  The pan dulce is a little dry if you're not careful.  \n\nAdd your own homemade salad or roasted veggies to the table (to make Jamie Oliver happy).  \n\nVoila, dinner is served.  \n\nHave leftovers? scramble that tasty little pork into some eggs and wrap it up in tortillas with all your fixings to make your coworkers jealous as they slop up their microwave oatmeal (works every time)"""""""
I've only eaten here once. Not because I hated it but because I always forget it's there! This is actually the place where my boyfriend and I had our one month anniversary AWW and where he first tried sushi. The sushi was good, but the prices were a little high. The atmosphere has a upper class bar feel, but it's also felt intimate. If RA is to much for you than you would probably prefer the environment here, but personally the prices and fish are better at RA.
Just at there for the second time today, and decided to use my (overpriced) iPhone for some pictures - which I will add shortly. I really love this place, because they offer so many options, from pizza to noodles to salads. \n\nFirst time I ate here, maybe a month ago, I got the Apricot Miso dish with mock chicken, and it was very good. Today I had the Spicy Peanut Sauce with Tofu appetizer and I had to restrain myself from licking the plate, the sauce is THAT good! The Coconut Curry with mock beef served over noodles was next, and honestly, it was just ok. I prefer the mock chicken texture/flavor. The curry was spicy but there wasn't enough of it in my dish - it was very dry.\n\nBut my favorite part of this place? The bathroom sink. It's totally cool, you just have to see it. Sorry, I didn't snap a photo in the bathroom for fear of being a total weirdo.
I've read a lot of the reviews and I have to say that some of them are pretty far-fetched.  This particular restaurant has been here forever, a day and  a half.  That says something in itself.  You don't stick around as a restaurant and give 'wierd' or poor service and expect to stay in business.  There is only one dish that I get from this place, but not because I don't like the other dishes.  It's the Curried Chicken.  I absolutely love curried chicken and this place has some of the BEST around.  I think people have a bit different feeling of the place because it is oriental type people, read: Asians, that are running the place.  Big deal and so what?  They are nice enough people, they are serving a good product and their prices are reasonable enough.  Go to some of the local Chinese restaurants and then I can start to talk about some weird, odd behavior from staff.  Admittedly, I haven't eaten anything but the curried chicken, so the rest of the menu I really can't comment on.
I went this past Saturday with two of my girl friends. I just relocated to the Greater Phoenix area the end of March. I had been dying to go to a gay club because I left my gay male friends back in the Midwest. And I miss being in touch with the gay community. Heh, yes..I'm a fag hag and proud of it! Anyway, we got there around 10 and the place wasn't warmed up yet. But after an hr or so the place got packed! $5 cover and 2-4-1 drinks. They pour stiff drinks in the taller glasses. I had my fill and I was in da club gettin' tipsy! I danced with all kinds of nice gays, shared a drink or two, and even made some new friends! They had go-go dancers which were easy on the eyes. My friends and I sat outside for a bit and were waited on by a very friendly server. There was even a cute twink that would come around with jello shots..the music videos were a nice touch. They had a great line-up of music..I was very excited about it! Of course, this was my first gay bar in Arizona, but I had a wonderful time!
Delicious food... in a mall?!  Oh yes, it can be done.  Thanks to Nordstrom, I have a consistently good spot to lunch anytime I'm at Fashion Square.  Their little cafe on the 3rd level is actually good enough to make the trip to, even if you have no shopping to do.  \n\nTheir salads are fresh, with loads of tasty toppings.  My favorites are the cilantro shrimp salad with polenta croutons, Chinese chicken salad, and spicy salmon cesaer salad.  Paired with a cup of their famous tomato-basil soup, and I'm completely satisfied.  Their pastries are quite tasty, and I can rarely pass up a slice of their lemon-coconut cake.  You really should go and get a slice.  \n\nNext time you are at Fashion Square, don't miss this perfect lunch spot!\n\n**my 100th review!  I think I should go and get a slice of lemon-coconut cake to celebrate!**
Very nice and busy neighbourhood breakfast place.  Closest comparison I can think of for such a busy place would be Liberty Market in Gilbert.  I had the Corque Madame.  Its was well done with the right amount of cheese and ham and the fried egg was good.  I was a little disappointed that the only side it comes with was just a fruit cup, but then, what kind of sides do U give to a carb heavy sliced of bread anyway ?  I guess fruit is the best choice in this case.  I saw the Huevos Rancheros my friend ordered, he liked it very much too, the server even offered him a side of a spicier salsa when he asked if the sauce was gonna be spicy.  He does have one little query, why does it not come with beans ?  It comes with potatoes and a fruit cup too but we asked the server about it and he says, they usually don't serve beans with huevos rancheros.  But those are two small things that did not affect my overall experience by too much.  Because based on what they cooked and offered, the food was well made and very tasty.  \n\nI will definitely be back again because the coffee is really good (no longer cartel but also a local brand, expressions), service is excellent and food is well prepared.  I don't know what kind of service the other people here received but we had a very good server who kept coming back to refill our coffee.  I did see that the table next to us with a different server were visibly displeased when their server was too busy running around to refill their coffees often enough.  Also the server did come over and apologize to them, when we got our food before them, though we got in behind them.  I guess you can't control the kitchen and maybe the server was a little younger than our server, thus might have appeared a little more rushed, but I dun recall him being rude or away for too long.  Their coffee cups stayed half full most of the time still.\n\nI will need to come back again to sample the other food choices, apparently they serve a good dinner too.  I guess it would be prudent to come earlier here on sunday for brunch as the farmer's market in the corner brings in a big walking crowd.  I imagine on saturday it would be pretty packed too.
"""First things first ... contrary to its name, this place is not a Buffet, at least in the traditional sense. Also - Dim Sum Hours are limited, so check their website.\n\nThree of us went to Phoenix Palace to celebrate a friend's birthday and enjoy a nice Dim Sum brunch. We were promptly greeted and seated at a nice table in the aisle (which is by the way prime seating - the carts were whizzing by offering all kinds of delectable things). I was happy to find that the vast majority of customers (90% or more) were Asian and heard quite a bit of Cantonese and Mandarin being spoken, so I know this place must be close to authentic to garner this kind of \street cred\"""" among the Asian crowd. By noon, the place was almost chock full. So point of advice, get there by 11 AM to get a good table and avoid a wait.\n\n The Dim Sum on offer was overall very good, very tasty. The skin items (dumplings) were very good, and the pork buns were also very good (though a little bit more pork might have been a bit better). Overall the portion sizes were decent (three of most things, four of other things), and I could conceivably see one filling up here for under $10 easily, but we had a birthday to celebrate after all. The only thing that was under par was the rice noodle shrimp, which is basically a giant rice noodle wrapped around shrimp then steamed, it was just a tad over steamed. I had a nice rice congee with Chao Quay (fried bread), which reminded me of Indonesia (we called it Chakwe there - almost the same thing) ... oh the memories... but I digress. \n\nService was prompt, efficient, and the quality was good. Staff were responsive to our questions about what things were and what they had. Also I didn't see the congee cart and asked the waitress if they had congee, she said yes and asked me what kind I wanted, and she ran over to the cart and got me my congee. Excellent service. The price was very good ... we had a total of 14 dishes between the three of us, plus tea service for me, and iced tea for one, and water for the other. The total bill was about $40 for three people, which I have to say is less than the tab for the three of us at other brunch locales downtown (though to be fair, it was quite a lot of food). \n\nOverall, a great place for the Dim Sum neophyte. Though perhaps not the caliber of places in San Francisco or even the mecca of Dim Sum (Hong Kong), this is certainly one of the better places in the valley for Dim Sum. \n\nPositives:  A good example of traditional Dim Sum (if not a perfect one),\n                 Good food, great place for groups. Good service. The place \n                 is also VERY clean. \n\nNegatives:  For me this is a positive, but a due warning to Westerners with ideas of being \""""culturally superior\"""" or otherwise demanding tourists:  Goinghere is akin to a mini trip to Hong Kong or even China. Be aware that eating Dim Sum is not just a different culinary experience, but also is about participating in a different culture and pace of life. Have an open mind, and above all BE PATIENT. So if you don't see the carts (or the cart you want) coming by for a few of minutes, chill out, enjoy your tea or other beverage, and relax. If you can't handle this, go to a Chinese Buffet. \n\nOh yes, and before I forget, GRADES:\n\nOverall:   A- (no other demerits taken other than mentioned below)\n\nService:  A-  (The only major demerit on service was that the English \n                       spoken by some of the cart pushers was not intelligible\n                       however this is excusable as this is a Chinese place - \n                       the \""""specials\"""" board was completely in Chinese)\n\nFood:   A-  (A good example of traditional Dim Sum. Some demerits \n                   include over steamed Shrimp rice noodle [some firmness\n                   is better], the Har Gao (shrimp dumplings) were good, \n                   but on the verge of being over-steamed)\n\nDrinks:  No Grade (we did not consume any alcoholic beverages, so no grade is given in this category - though I have to say my Oolong tea was delicious)."""""""
I'm not the world's biggest Italian food fan. Mainly because most common establishments just up the tomato and call it pasta without being creative. I have to admit I never thought I'd ever step in this place either, let alone review it with four stars, but I am, and all thanks to a pasta loving friend and an indecisive day.\n\nMy review is based solely on their pasta primavera, which, after trying for the first time, I went back on my own to have it again. Three more times. This is huge for me. \n\nThe portion is perfect sized and the vegetables which is mainly squash heaven is just perfect. The bread that accompanies it is soft and flavorful also. It's truly the perfect dish for a non tomato/pasta lover like myself. \n\nThe staff is really friendly and always strikes up a small conversation when I come in. The prices are reasonable and for the most part, it seems fairly empty every time I've stopped in. \n\nI don't typically crave pasta, but find myself craving this on occasion, which means it's top notch.
"""I can't believe its taken me so long to write a review about Ticoz. Where to begin? It's all good. \n\nHappy Hour - I love Ticoz for happy hour. The HH menu can't be beat - awesome drink and food specials. And not just snack food - like full on tacos and sliders. Great chips and salsa, etc. \n\nDinner Menu - So diverse and so good! Everything from burgers to tacos/enchiladas, Asian inspired dishes and salads. My favorite dish (and always a crowd favorite) is the Coconut Ginger Curry. Don't get scared - its not one of those \Mexican Sushi\"""" types of places, its just got a great menu and everything is delicious. Oh! We recently discovered the nachos and CRAVE them now. They're seriously delicious and so fresh - even real jalapenos (not out of a jar). Yum. Yum. Yum. \n\nBrunch Anyone? - They have HUGE brunch drinks and the prices are cheap! So great. The back patio is a nice little escape from reality when the weather is nice. \n\nService - We've never been anything but impressed with the service. The staff is so friendly. In fact, we recently went for happy hour but there wasn't a seat in the bar area and the clock was ticking... so a waiter came up to put in our order early to make sure we got the happy hour pricing - even if we sat after the HH times. How nice is that?! \n\nThe vibe is good for almost anything you can think of - a date night with your hubby, a group of friends, dinner with the parents or a happy hour with coworkers."""""""
"""Gotta give Wally's some love here.  This is a great place to dine alone at the bar and for happy hour.  They have a daily dinner special w/app, entree and dessert - something like Wally's \economic stimulus plan\"""" for a good price - clever.  Guiness, Four Peaks SunBru, Sierra Nevada, a Hefeweizen, Bud Light and maybe one other brew is on draft, and they always a rotating bottle and b-t-g list on the chalkboard (including a few half bottles, cheers!).\n\nI stopped in tonight and noticed they no longer have Harp on draft - too bad. That made me crave fish and chips which I have ordered before and enjoy - they're not greasy, and served with a mix of regular and sweet potato fries.  A couple of beers, better-than-average bar food open late-ish for Arcadia, you're good.  \n\nAs others have already said, a good neighborhood spot."""""""
I love the smell of bookstores - new or used it doesn't matter - you can smell the stories in the air.  I love to read, and can easily read a book a day, more if I'm sick or it's the weekend.  But I hate the cost of new books.  That's one of the reason I love Bookman's.  \n\nFirst, they have great prices on used books, and a huge selection.  There are all the bestselling authors you would expect, but also many hidden gems.  They also are very fair with trades.  I'll bring in a box or two of books, and while they are deciding which ones to buy, browse the isles.  It's very easy to get lost in there for hours, while I go through all the shelves.  Most of the books are in good to excellent condition, and by the time they have sorted my books out, I've usually managed to find enough to eat up the earned credit.  \n\nThey also have a HUGE selection of magazines, DVD's and games.  The store is well organized, but because it's a used bookstore, also like a treasure hunt.  I love to scan the shelves for that unique looking binding (Who cares if I'm judging books by their covers!?!)  There are some chairs scattered throughout the store, so you can grab a pile and dig in, to see what you really want to get.  \n\nAbout the only thing I don't care for is the random crap they have - knick-knacks and paddy-whacks and random garage sale items.  Those take up space that, in my opinion, could be used for MORE BOOKS.  I'd rather buy crappy dust collectors at a regular second hand store.  They are still interesting to browse through, even if they aren't what I'm looking for.\n\nOverall, it's good for your wallet and the planet - recycling books is a winner anyway you look at it.
BBQ Done right, Awesome SMOKEY Flavor!\n\nGot the brisket sandwich, coleslaw & sweet potato fries.  Sandwich was rockin! Enjoyed every bit of it!  You can tell they know what they are doing . . . Rich and Flavorful rub with some VERY NICE sauces to complement.  We LOVED the spicy!\n\nLook forward to going back soon!\n\nOnly complaint: the brisket was not trimmed, so there were a few mouths full of fat that were not pleasant . . . but I guess its to be expected sometimes.
"""Okay so\nwow\ni knew this review would be tough, but i didnt know it'd be this hard\ni have so many mixed emotions about this little train that could. it's hard to even fit it all on here. my problems w/ the light rail are more universal arguments that im sure given time and a sizeable return on the original investment we will see fixed. \nI guess the best way to describe the lightrail, assuming this review is for people who've never stepped foot on it, is through a couple of personal experiences i've had that i think sum it up pretty well.\nThe lightrail has character, it is egalitarian, and it spares no one. If you think for one second that stepping onto this crazy train you wont get off w/ some kind of story, good or bad, then you are wrong sonny jim.\nMY worst experience had to be a couple years back, maybe a year to date. My ex-girlfriend and i were headed down to the former spot of party foul, a hipster themed dance party, hosted at the now defunct Homme. It was a friday? night and the rails were packed, massive crowds gathered at the stations and huddled together in clumps, aggregates of souls all headed in the same direction. Our westbound train finally arrives, from the more eastern reaches of tempe/mesa, bursting at the seams w/ ppl. the xgf and i manage to grab a spot in the tube where bicycles are docked. it was elbow to elbow, folks sitting on top of another. She sat, and i stood in front of her gripping on the railings facing her, with bodies all around us. it was claustrophobic but our ride wasnt that long. Halfway to our destination, a troupe of loud and flamboyant....Im guessing, what only could have been, *gulp* musical theatre students assembled onto our train. They were en masse, and must've numbered in the 20-30's, armed w/ harmonies and a keyboardist. They started to warm their voices, shortly before giggiling they burst into song. Flat out belting it out there, with no shame or regard to their fellow riders potential hatred of broadway musicals. \525,600 MINUTES!\n525,600 moments so dear.....\""""\nOh god\ni could feel my stomach turning, i'd desperately wished i was more drunk. My embarassment was rising, and much to my chagrin i noticed nearly our entire car, gazing at the singers w/ their breath held and hands clasped, they stood enraptured. \n\""""525,600 minutes,\nHow do you measure, measure a year????\"""" \nThis was my nightmare, my personal hell: trapped, unable to move, surrounded by something i loathe more than most things, it's melodies raping my ears. I felt like i was surrounded by the gaggling childish happy go lucky bull shit of my freshman theatre days. \nI looked at my exGF, she shared my pain, bless her.\nSo there we sat, sardine prisoneros in a train of glee. After each song the entire car would erupt in applause and cheers, and it was only us who seemed to be disgusted and embarassed. go figure. When we finally got to the central & roosevelt station i couldnt wait to shove my way off that train of glee, only to my horror the musical theatre kids were getting off here as well. I grabbed my exGF's hand and we ran off the train like the beatles in a hard days night, somewhere, anywhere away from these horrible brats and their falsettos.\nSince that time there have been many more isolated incidents of the strange, shocking, and uncomfortable onboard the light rail.\nJust last tuesday night i had a run in w/ some drunk d-backs fans who can only be described as douche-backs.\nI love the lightrail, but just be forewarned that never will your ride be free and easy, expect the weird in all its forms."""""""
"""Very clean store, I was pleasantly surprised to see that everything was nicely organized. The store smells clean unlike what you're probably used to. The aisles are nicely spaced so it gives you room to pass by without having to \wait\"""" the other person out. I always see so many restoration projects in the furniture section when I go here. \n\n*50% off Saturdays\n*Sign up online for their emails, they send a 20% off coupon each month with $10 or more purchase.\n*Students like me get 25% off on Sundays with ID\n*Senior day is Tuesday with ID 25%\n*Every other day is 50% with special color tags except Thursday where special color tags are $1!\n\nI take a star off because it's not the most spectacular location and because it is always sweltering in there."""""""
For sure Jasmine Tokyo is an above average Asian Buffet. After sampling a variety of offerings you can have a very good experience if you zero in on the dishes you like. The high lights for me were the spicy salmon rolls because they weren't the mayo upped kind you get at the budget places. The spicy fish on watermelon chunks was really awesome. I would have preferred the sushi to be smaller in size or with less rice but still the sushi was above average. I liked the great selection of fresh vegetables. The entr\u00e9e I liked the most was the tofu stir fry with bok choy.\n\nI was very pleased in general but since it's a buffet it can't be five stars in my opinion because proteins that I tried were a little chewy or overcooked but still much better than your average Asian Buffet.\n\nI'd go back.\n\nI think the dinner price was $21.99
"""Hubby and I love this place.  Good service, great food, OK prices (hence the 4 stars).  Have had the fondue appetizer twice here and it's awesome.  Get it on happy hour!  Dinner entree I had was a chicken dish with mashed potatoes - A-mazing.  I'm always a little hesitant to order chicken because it's often dried out, but this was moist and delicious.  Had a starter caesar salad which was \ok\"""" - maybe had a little too much anchovy in the dressing for my liking?\n\nOverall a terrific place, and we'll certainly be back.  Mondays they have happy hour 3pm to close!"""""""
What a perfect treat after a strenuous cardiovascular workout?! This Phoenix secret is definitely on my list of restaurants to visit again. Just don't eat here too often as the fare is high in carbs and saturated fat. The food is served hot out of the kitchen as soon as it's ready, so there is little wait time. It's a good idea to remember your order number and meal name as the person bringing out the order probably won't be your server. Although the service was rushed, it's what I expected from a busy, family-owned restaurant on a Sunday morning. \n\nBefore a table was clear, I was reminded of waiting outside to be seated at a popular restaurant in New York City in the chilly winter wind and snow, expect it was a warm fall morning and we were definitely not in Manhattan. The decor was minimal, but clean and finding the place took some extra effort (if you are coming from the north on Central its right after Buckeye and there is no sign). For a taste of the Southeast right in the middle of the Southwest, stop in at LoLo's, fo' sho'.
So the ache in my abs means this works, right!? Ok, I'm in. \n\nAfter looking at countless Pilates studios, I chose the Body Lab for the intimate feel and the lack of intimidation. While I am not the most coordinated person in the world, I managed to pick up the SPX workout after the first few classes fairly easily. With the help of Scott, of course. He made sure to help me through the workout and not feel silly. \n\nI chose the unlimited 3 month package as I prep for bikini season and a trip to the Dominican Republic. Class times are great for a person with an 8-5 job. Granted, the Body Lab isn't cheap but its worth every penny. I'm seeing results and feel myself getting stronger with every session. \n\nOne TINY negative is the cancellation policy....$25 if you miss or don't cancel 6 hours before? Things always come up unexpected and while I can understand the spots per class are limited, $25 is a little much if you ask me. I am already paying per month - if I choose not to go I shouldn't have to pay MORE. \n\nIf you haven't tried Pilates, sign up for the free session to try it! The first time is free and a great way to determine if you want to come back.
I was having a crazy sushi craving and unfortunately I no longer live in Scottsdale and going to Sushi Roku was out of the question. I pulled up sushi restaurants on Yelp and it was a showdown between Yen and Tokyo Lobby. Tokyo Lobby has weird hours so I just went to Yen.\n\nI was blown away by the variety of rolls they have on the menu I wanted to order them all but I settled on a Philly roll and the heart attack. I was caught off guard when I saw that the salmon was placed on top of the sushi and not in the roll. I usually don't like my sushi that way but I ate it all it was delicious. The heart attack was really was like an Asian jalapeno popper I've never seen anything like this at any other sushi restaurants it was amazing. My sisters ordered bento boxes and they were very pleased with their meals before we were done eating we were already making plans to come back! \n\nI feel so lucky I have found a great sushi restaurant in my neighborhood. I can't wait to come back!
I needed an inexpensive breakfast/lunch joint to take my parents after they were gracious enough to drive to AZ to help me pack and move.  Being that my Dad was in a car for six hours without any real food, I knew I had to choose the restaurant carefully.\n\nOrange Table was within walking distance of their hotel and wasn't filled with uptight Scottsdale people.  So I knew that while my Dad would rather stop at Brackin's for a beer, or the Grapevine for food, Orange Table would do.\n\nThe place has the cute cafe atmosphere, with the beer list written on the chalkboard next to the front door.  While they weren't able to satisfy my Dad's need for an Irish root beer (Guinness), the waitress patiently dealt with his smack talking and finally made his choose a Delirium Nocturnem, which he ended up loving.\n\nMy Dad even loved the food more than his beer, which is hard to get him to admit.  He had the red leichester (?) grilled cheese with bacon, Madre has the mushroom omelet, and I had the veggie sandwich.  All of us were happy with our orders.  I loved my veggie sandwich, which was overflowing with red peppers, avocado, sprouts and the like.  And the olive bread it came on was amazing.  I had to sample the mushroom omelet, and that sauce was divine.\n\nI would have tried the grilled cheese, but my Dad is like a wild bear when it comes to food.  So I opted not to get my hand bitten off and let him devour the thing immediately.\n\nCute place to grab brunch, I just wish they had salad options.
The Grand Avenue Tavern is on the corner of Grand Avenue and 24th Avenue, an intersection in an area that is dotted with industrial warehouses, auto repair shops, and strip clubs. This particular building is right up against a very seedy looking motel that advertises singles starting at just $29.95. (What a steal!) As other reviewers have already said, you would definitely not expect to find a sleek, clean, and modern bar in this spot. But in many ways this place's unexpected style is part of its charm. \n\nWhen we walked in, we found ourselves in a really dimly lit room that looked like just another dive bar, and we wondered whether all the Yelpers who raved about how classy these place was despite the locale had been talking about a different place! However, once we sat down at the U-shaped bar and our eyes adjusted, we observed all the details that really make this place stand out from the crowd - beautiful glass storage for liquor bottles, a sleek mahogany tone to the bar counter, sleek flat-screen TVs that were built into the bar cabinetry, and plentiful seating. The bartender who took our drink order was efficient and friendly, and the drinks (only $4 during happy hour) were nice and strong. The only downside was the DJ was playing the music so loudly that we couldn't hear each other talk, so we decided to check out the outside patio. \n\nWe were so glad we did because the patio was even nicer than the inside of the bar. The ground was covered in Mediterranean pavers, and there were plenty of nice-looking and comfortable outdoor furniture sets. There was also a canopy over the space, as well as misters, to keep things cool. We sat on a L-shaped couch in the corner and enjoyed the rest of our drinks. Because the furniture was oriented to allow for individual groups/couples to carve out separate areas within the space, we were able to talk and hear each other, while still enjoying the bar ambience. I really appreciate the fact that the bar owner took the time to create such a nice outdoor space and therefore provide an alternative to the noisy bar area. \n\nI noticed on the bar's website that they have karaoke on Wednesday nights, so we will have to go back to check that out. Since we live on the Phoenix/Laveen border, this location is convenient for us and may just become a regular spot.
I drove by this place after work in Chandler numerous times and finally decided to give it a try. \n\nI love Thai food but am particular about the Tom Yum soup.  This Thai Rama location makes the best Tom Yum soup, and I have asked for specific veggies, and they listen and make it the way I like.  I have ordered a side of veg and rice as well, and it's always fresh and delicious.   I get take out, since I'm often on my way home from work.  I go in around 4p, so it's an odd hour for dinner, so it's not crowded then.  The service is friendly, but I haven't dine in so haven't had that experience yet. \n\nThe only complaint I have is that sometimes on weekends, I call and call and call, and I never get an answer, so I make the trek up to the Thai Rama Tempe, which is similar but not quite as good.
"""I grew up in Arizona, and this place came of age at about the same time I did.  I remember it being the height of 80s style in the late 80s and early 90s.  They always had steak tartare on the menu and it always went perfectly with a stiff Martini.  But then I graduated from ASU, moved away and forgot about it.\n\nOver the holidays, while visiting family, I thought it would be cool to take a walk down memory lane.  While they've undergone some subtle changes, they still seem completely in the moment.  Our meal went like this:\n\nApps\nGalettes: Simple flat bread topped with bacon, carmelized onions, olives and parmagiano.  The menu calls it as it is: Very simple, yet so much more.\n\nHell's Fire Chips: Homemade potato chips topped with melted gorgonzola & Arizona Gunslinger chili sauce.  I've already ordered some of this sauce online so I can replicate this dish at home accurately.  Think of it as a creative, middle-brow Superbowl party dish.\n\nMain Plates\nBurgers for everyone!  We were all in the mood for burgers, and AZ 88 has that angle covered.  I had the Au Poive II.  This is an amazing burg!  The patty is covered in peppercorns, grilled, and then basted in a burgandy reduction.  The \II\"""" part amounts to a topping of melted gorgonzola and thick applewood smoked bacon.  This is an absolutely amazing assemblage.\n\nMy father-in-law had the Au Poive, my mother-in-law a straight-up cheeseburger and my wife had the Las Brisas.  If you're not going to have the Au Poive I or II, go for the Brisas: Jalepe\u00f1os, jack, avocados and a wee bit of salsa.  Phoenix is one of only a handful of places where these type of burger doesn't seem cheesy, so take advantage of it while you're there!\n\nThis place is still a bar at heart, so the drinks were solid.  They carry Chopin, so they get bonus points in my book.  Plus,  it was served cold but not watered down.  This is becoming an increasing rarity, so I was pleasantly surprised. \n\nI hesitated to give them 4 stars, but considering the wonderful meal and the sense of place and history I feel better about it.  Looking for a bit of adolescent nostalgia, or just a slightly edgy burger joint/bar off the beaten path near Old Town Scottsdale?  You can do MUCH worse than to stop off at AZ 88."""""""
First off I haven't been to the location myself yet, though I did get food there (family brought it home) so can't comment on wait, the staff, decor, all that stuff. \n\nAs for the food, I thought it was good for the price. I had the double Charburger with cheese, which wasn't anything special but that isn't a bad thing. I thought the portion size (burger at least) was good, and everything tasted fresh which is a plus. \n\nFor what it market seems to be, I think it is 4 star quality. It isn't anything that blows me away, but if I find a joint in this type of market that did I would be amazed. I'd say it is about on par with In N Out for me, just different finishing (In N Out has their sauce compared to just the mayo that was on my Double Charburger). \n\nIf you like In N Out, I'd suggest giving Habit a try, I don't think you'll be too disappointed. If you tend to go mostly to BK/McD then you need to go to Habit right away, it will blow those two out of the water (and I love BK now and then).
Excellent place to see live music.\n\nThis place is in a great location. Easy walking distance from other stuff downtown.  The bouncers have always been very friendly with us on our visits. The staff at the door and bar have been cool.  It's a new place with plenty of room for the acts who play there. They have bleacher seating, tables, and standing room. They have pretty good sound equipment that so far seems to work as expected.  I highly recommend it.
What a wonderful December evening to have dinner on Hula's outdoor patio. We got there about six, and were seated immediately outside next to the fire pit. I thought we might get to hot, but it was Great seating. I ordered the Blackbean burger and yam fries. The burger was delicious and so were the fries. I'm not much of a fan for mixed drinks, but I did order a glass of wine that was just perfect with my food. The service was great, and I would go back to this place.
Let's start off with; the service is mediocre but the food is worth it.  If you can get past the fact that once you are seated and have your sushi, any thought of a drink refill should be put right out of your mind.  But like I said, the food is better than RA and Kona so if food quality is on the top of your mind, you must try Mikado.  I lived close to Mikado for 8 years and my son and I went there often over that time.  Now that I don't live close to it, I still go out of my way to go.  It's a nice experience and is pretty low key.  The lightening is even pretty dim, which appeals to the sushi lover who isn't impressed by the bright flourescent lighting in typical resaurants.  It's a bonus that a Japanese couple actual own and operate it.  ;-)
