Don't buy Nike sneakers if you want to return or exchange them.. I've bought many from them. I went this week  and bought 2 pairs of Nike SB's that were already over retail price as it is.. I tried on one side then bought them... When I got home I realized that one of the shoes were damaged.. It's only been 2 days and they said they can't take it back.. I've bought many shoes there and this will be the last time... I'm from Nor Cal and people are crazy about sneakers out there and all the shops will accept a return or exchanged within 14- 30 days.. This was the first place that does not do that.. Why? Because sneakers and SB's are not big in AZ... They don't sell here.. I wouldn't buy them there if I were you.
"""I don't even know where to begin - this place is downright awful. From quality of 'management' to condition of the rooms, Motel 6 Scottsdale is truly a dump of a hotel in every sense of the word. Not only was my bed infested with living bugs, but the shower was broken, and green mold was all over the baseboard. When I asked the 'manager on duty' (heavy set, tattooed gentlemen named Michael) if he was aware that his rooms were infested with insects, he started laughing and accused me of making the whole thing up. I proceeded to return to my hotel room to photograph the bugs to prove I was being truthful. Michael continued to giggle and said \Sorry, nothing I can do.\"""" I then demanded my money back, which Michael initially refused to offer. He finally refunded my money after I threatened to take Motel 6 to small claims court. All I can say is, whoever the 'real' GM of this particular Motel 6 is - you need to take a long hard look at the quality of employees you hire. This experience will keep me from staying at any Motel 6 ever again."""""""
"""oyy a miss for me on this one! \n\nI heard about Nourish a few weeks ago and have been meaning to try it...I happened to be in the nabe yesterday early evening and decided to go in. The place is huge but was completely empty...we were welcomed nicely. \n\nIt is vegetarian, vegan, lactose and gluten-free...the menu looked AWESOME - lots of options and great concepts... as I was looking it over, I was already drafting an enthusiastic e-mail in my mind to all my friends who happen to be vegetarian and vegan...and then I saw the note that stands on each table enumerating what nourish is all about:\n\n\everything only sweetened with agave nectar\"""" (omg must come here for lunch tomorrow)\n\n\""""coconut milk instead of cream\"""" (omg Chrissy's bday party must happen here!!)\n\n\""""our sweet potato fries our air fried no oil! (July 4th weekend at Nourish!!)\n\nI was having a pretty good time in my head until the food arrived...\nwe started with the garlic/artichoke hummus:\ndisappointing: it was very small and came with three pieces of sad, wilted old and dirty looking cucumbers and carrots. Surprising as a veggie place you would think that the focus would be on the vegetables being fresh, colorful and appetizing! not so!\n\nnext the \""""kitchen sink\"""" salad with grilled chicken - again a huge miss!  veggies were old, wilted and just sad - chicken was NOT grilled rather that white/diced chicken thing with the bad after taste yuck! (I know its not the most original choice but IT IS a veggie place after all so I thought the salad would be the star...too bad it didn't even get into the local theatre school!!!)\n\nmy husband ordered the garlic/lemon chicken on quinoa salad - more flavorful than mine... but SO small! yes that's another thing.. the portions are tiny - the entree portions look like appetizers...\n\nThings went from bad to worse when our waitress started ignoring us towards the end... I was still hungry after my sad salad so I ordered some of them air fried sweet potato fries... ehhh... and I asked for some ketchup and it took her 1/2 hour to get it to me - she came out six times - yup SIX doing other errands before she got me my ketchup even though we were practically the only ones in the place...\n\nby the time we paid our check... my \"""" imaginary\"""" e-mail to my friends  went from enthusiastic to delete!\n\nI'll \""""nourish\"""" myself elsewhere thank you... dinner  and \""""bachelorette\"""" at my place???"""""""
"""\Living History\"""" in the title is false advertising. We went today and the place was DEAD. There were no re-enactors at all, short of the blacksmith who kept to his forge and a random guy wandering around with an eye patch and a flannel shirt who didn't acknowledge us.\n\nEVERYTHING (except the blacksmith's) was closed off. No gun fights (the nearby shooting range gave us a false hope when we had gotten out of the car), no demos, no people in costume, NOTHING. Even the pigs and chickens near the Northern House were out of sight. \n\nThe buildings were fairly dilapidated, which isn't surprising. But bees and wasps were living in the dried mud of the structures. BEWARE.  \n\nComparing this place to Rawhide isn't quite fair considering the fact that Rawhide's pretty much a set and it's designed for kids. Goldfield would be a closer comparison since it actually looks like a ghosttown with people in costume. At least with those locations you didn't pay anything to pretty much wander around an empty town. At both Goldfield and Rawhide, most things are all in one area with many shops, vendors, activities, people to interact with, and things to see. \n\nNOT SO with Pioneer Village. I might be biased because I also had an injured leg, but everything was spread out. You would walk for 10-15 minutes to a far off building just to stare in the windows at pretty much nothing.  \n\nI really wanted my $7 back. When we approached the girl in the giftshop who was also taking money for admission, she kept giving us a sob story/guilt trip about the economy being bad. If they're all volunteers (all 3 of them) as she said they were, why charge just to walk around and not get to interact with anyone? RIP-OFF. \n\nIf there isn't anything to see but the buildings, no shows or anything, it should be pay-what-you-can/donation at best. \n\nI was going to give this 2 stars out of pity, but at this point even 1 star is generous."""""""
Rating the golf course, horrible!!  Thank goodness there was no one in front of us and we zipped around the course.  They clearly stopped maintaining the course.  Bunkers are concrete, after a few times in them I decided to take it out and not bother hitting it.  No grass around the greens and the greens couldn't hold the ball worth a darn.  One green did have gravel on it, I putted the ball and it wiggled all over the place.  I'm glad I only played there for 15 bucks, which included the golfnow fee.  If your a horrible golfer I'd play there.
"""I would never go back.  It isn't anything special... it is just a store space with a bar and like 4 tables.  The DJ is HORRIBLE!!!  It is the same song over and over and over again, with the occassional lame ass 80's song thrown in.  The drinks are watered down and over priced (so unusual for Snotsdale, I know) and the waitresses and bartenders and BIIIIIIITCHES!!  There is just no vibe or atmosphere at this place other than \meat market\""""."""""""
My husband and I really wanted to check out this office because it is the closest to us. We had no problem making the appointment for doctor interview at 7:30 a.m., to meet the doctor and promptly showed up at the time of the appointment just to find out that the doctor was not there. In a brief conversation where we stated that we are going to wait until doctor shows up, we were told that we can't meet with doctor regardless of the appointment. Before we could even react office manager Marry Summers informed us that we cannot talked with other doctors, and what we were told is not true. I have to emphasize that Mary Summers was not nice, apologetic, and empathetic about our situation at all. She just wanted us out of the office. I know that everybody has a bad morning, but she was letting it shine. \nMary continued with this; You were informed wrong, and what I am telling you is how it is; You don't need anybody's name but mine; Other people choose the doctor by reading the bio online; This is my office policy.......on and on and on Mary continued to cut us, and see us on the way out.\n \nMaybe those doctors in the office are nice, but why would I bother going through this office representation when even the doctor were not there for their appointment, and I would not see them even if I would wait.....\n\nTo all of you that still wish to try this office, I really wish you good luck.
This place sucks! The owner waited on us and her frizzy nasty hair was hanging down and all over the place. I guess because she had a hat on it was ok YUCK beside that she is a terrible waitress and this is the second time she has waited on us. The prime rib was the absolute worst we have ever had, the mac and cheese was pasta with milk no flavor at all. The owners kid runs around, screams and acts like a heathen and they think its cute and thats what paying customers want to experience when they go in there. We wont be spending anymore money in that place.
I was about to give 2 stars for the baba ganoush, pita, moussaka, and some shredded meat dish that were good. This was despite the many dishes that were very strange. By strange I mean not good....what is this???? and why would this taste this way??? I am not sure how one could mess up penne pasta with Greek dressing or orzo pasta but they managed to make it inedible. Many things looked pretty dry and maybe not from today. The cook staff loading things in using their fingers is a little unappetizing too. Like another review said, maybe they could make it if they took out two buffets and just had two. Then they could focus on the better dishes. The straw that made them get 1 instead of 2 stars was that they charge you $1 for each tap water they serve your table.... Really? $6 for tap water for our table. I admit I am very picky but my husband is not. His motto is quantity over quality. And he said we will not go back. I would rather have one dish cost $10 or more and have it be really good than have 70 ok or inedible dishes. I hope to hear that they shorten the buffet and focus on quality. Oh and the chocolate pudding was spoiled. ;(
"""The folks at Tapino need to buy a dictionary and look up the word \Hospitality\"""".  I have never been so offended in my life as a patron of a restaurant.  I had the owner or manager personally come to our table and let us no that we had to \""""be cool\"""" and make sure we kept it down (for the 1 other table on the other side of the restaurant?) When he returned a second time to lecture us like 10 year olds, I canceled the appetizers and we left and went to Mastro's City Hall where we racked up a tab of $1,000 and were treated accordingly.  From what I noticed from the Friday night crowd at Tapino's and the poor customer service, I don't think this strip mall blunder is going to make it!"""""""
"""I don't get how this place can average 4 Stars. (as of today, anyway) One thing I can say for sure is that this place is NOT \The Place\"""" to go. We  sit down and the table was \""""dirty\"""", covered in salt and crumbs. I had to wipe down the table myself. We order drinks and my tea comes in a \""""dirty\"""" glass with lip stick on it. GROSS!!!! I look around and see food and dirty napkins on the floor. At this point, I'm thinking WE NEED TO LEAVE! However, my husband says lets just stay. Our food comes and its not good. We had lunch items. So, maybe they are known for their breakfast and that it what we should have ordered. I took two bites and was done. We spent $30, left hungry and went to another restaurant. If the place wasn't so dirty, maybe I would have gone back to try the breakfast."""""""
BEWARE!!!!  I was taken advantage of by Joe and this man lacks honesty.  I had to arrive with the police to retrieve a table he was supposed to call me with an estimate to restore and come to an agreement about a price to sell it.  Instead I received a check in the mail for $250 with a note that he sold it!!!  It was still in his store for a price tag of $1,200 and he was untruthful about even that to the police.  How very sad it took the police to make things right with this dishonest fellow!
"""I really doubt Down Under will welcome my review, but I HAVE to do it just to get this off my chest. \n\nI spent a very long and frustrating hour+ this morning on the patio with my dog and some friends. My dog, Peekaboo seemed to enjoy it, but I HATED it! \n\nThere was a \Doggie Day Sunday brunch on the patio\"""" event going on on. I had scheduled a FindMyDogADate AZ Meetup there for this doggie event. All of the tables and chairs were taken when I arrived by the people running their doggie event tables. Eventually I found a table with two wet chairs directly under the very wet misters. (It's no wonder no one wanted to sit there). Since I had four other people coming, I scrounged up more chairs. All of them were directly under the dripping misters.\n\nAfter my friends arrived, I went inside to grab some brunch. They were charging a ridiculous $12 for rubbery whatever that was, cold eggs, rock hard pancakes and a tiny dish of grapes served by a lady who couldn't even tell me the price of the brunch. The orange juice was extra so I asked for a glass of water. I got a plate full of yuck, sat down in the wet chair while the water dripped on my plate of yuck making it even yuckier. I took my uneaten plate back after one bite and told them I would go eat at McDonald's. YUCK!!\n\nThe patio needs to be condemned! I was tempted to call the health inspector! Dogs had pooped on the gravel behind the tables and it wasn't cleaned up. No doggie poop bags were to be found anywhere. Luckily I had brought some with me. After cleaning it up, there weren't any trash cans available to dispose of it!!! \n\nThe \""""waitress\"""" never stopped by our table the entire time!\n\nAll on all it was a very dirty and disappointing experience. Is there a -1 star rating?"""""""
"""They do a great job on the haunted house, but look, let's talk value.  The price of admission for the haunted house, $25.  The price of a \town pass\"""" another $15.  The price of parking $5...yes, ONE FINAL INSULT, charging for parking in a DIRT PARKING LOT!  That takes some giant balls of steel to charge for parking in a dirt parking lot.  Wow.  Just wow.  This final money grab is going to end up costing them some money.  I for one will not be back next year.  \n\nForget these clowns."""""""
This was one of the worst meals ever. \n\nWe went because my wife received some giftcards from a patients family at the hospital she works at. \n\nThe service was lousy but the food was worse. Bland, uninspired and came cold to boot. They don't have garlic bread? I got a lame excuse for why. I grew up in NY. This is not italian food. A manger stopped by and asked how everything was and we said ok. All she had to do was look at our uneaten plates to know. I really didn't want to complain because I didn't want anything else from them. I just wanted to leave. \n\nWhen we got home I realized that the nice people who had gone out of their way to give my wife a $100 gift card were just ripped off. I wrote to the company to let them know of my experience and have never heard back.  \n\nI have managed and worked at restaurants for over 25 years. I understand it's a tough job. Mistakes happen, but you should address them. \n\nI usually don't complain, I just never go back. This was well beyond bad and the lack of follow up on a guests lousy experience speaks volumes. I will never darken the door of any of the OSI Restaurant Partners establishments (Outback, Fleming's, Roy's, Bonefish) if that's how they treat their guests.\n\nCaveat emptor.
"""apparently they do not allow any hats or head gear unless its a cowboy or a baseball cap. Apparently they reason for not allowing a fedora  or a workers cap is it is representative of  \Gang\""""  paraphernalia. So I assume people who wear fedoras or worker caps are part of some gang however people who wear cowboy hats never congregate or that any \""""gang\"""" members ever wear these head garbs.\n\nWhen I asked what is their policy for Sikhs who have to have a turban as required by their religion, they spat saying that there was no such religion and that person would be promptly thrown out for \""""gang\"""" affiliations.\n\nSo much for religious tolerance and sense of good fashion. Maybe I should wear a cowboy hat with MS 13 imprinted on it, but then I might be afraid that MS13 members might hunt me down for wearing a cowboys hat with their name on it"""""""
I dated a guy once who told me that Chinese food is like pizza because you can't really mess it up.  Well, the next time I run into him, I am going to send him to Jimmy Woo's.  \n\nFor the last few weeks, I have had a weird craving for Chinese food, and just in case you are wondering, I'm not pregnant.  I decided to give Jimmy Woo's a try today since I drive by the place every day, and I am not a fan of P.F. Chang's across the street.  \n\nWow. That was a mistake.  \n\nI ordered some noodles and pork dumplings, and I was shocked by how BLAND the food was.  If I could chew and swallow air, I think it would taste like the food I got today.  The pork had huge chunks of tendon within it that I couldn't eat half of the meat, and the sauce was so tasteless that I had to put some soy sauce on it which I absolutely hate doing.  Since my craving hasn't been satisfied by this experience, I am going to drive out to Chandler or Phoenix tonight for Chinese food praying for better.
I just had dinner here tonight and ordered a side of steamed vegetables for my 15 month old daughter, when our entrees came out I had to ask twice for the steamed vegetables, after several minutes the waiter came back and told me that I could have grilled zucchini or red peppers only and that the executive chef said that was all that was available and they could not do steamed vegetables. I an age where many people have dietary requirements that is never ending a simple request for steamed vegetables is refused. You can bet your bottom dollar I will never recommend this chain to anyone. I can only hope if you have allergies you are very careful at this restaurant as judging from my experience you could end up very sick or in hospital due to the non flexibility of the kitchen and chef.
"""Consider yourself warned, do not take your vehicle here! Had a problem with a vehicle and had it towed to Greulich's. The next morning I got a call from one of the \mechanics\"""" telling me that he could not get into the vehicle because the key wouldn't work. I explained that this was because had had the ignition replaced (by them) a year earlier, and that the door key was different from the ignition, and that we always used the key fob to unlock the doors. He explained that the fob wasn't unlocking the doors, and asked if I could bring down the door keys. I agreed to do so, but suggested that he check the battery first. He agreed to do so, and said he would call if he needed me to come down with the key. Later that day another \""""mechanic\"""" called me with an estimate of repairs that included a new window actuator (an extra $200+) that needed to be replaced because the window was broken and stuck in the rolled down position. I explained that this was not the case when it was towed in, and that the other mechanic had called because he could not get in to the vehicle, which he would have obviously been able to do if the window was down. To this, the mechanic replied that there must have been a \""""miscommunication\"""" because the window was down when it had been towed in. I asked him why then had the other mechanic not been able to get into a vehicle with an open window, to which he stammered \""""uhh, umm, he never actually went out to the vehicle, and umm, never noticed the window was open.\"""" I asked him how he knew that the key didn't work if he didn't go out to the vehicle, to which he said that \""""well....uhh... he did go out, but didn't notice the window was down.\"""" I almost fell off my chair, \""""who do you have working for you?\"""" I asked incredulously. It didn't matter, the mechanic was holding to his story, and I could either pay to fix the window that they OBVIOUSLY broke when trying to get in to the vehicle, or spend a bunch of time arguing and fighting it. I decided to not give them the satisfaction (and extra money)  and had it repaired at another place. I have since complained to AAA and the BBB. Stay away!"""""""
Totally forgot to Yelp about the fat chick behind the bar that apparently is pretty bitter about not being let on stage. Opened up a tab (She also required my ID) and when I went back for round two she didn't remember me and had lost my credit card and my driver's license. Obviously not wanting to be wrong she calls over her trusty meathead who kicks me out of the club without discussion. So I stand outside refusing to leave until I get my stuff back and eventually a bouncer comes out, doesn't apologize, and hands me my cards. I realize these people deal with scumbags all the time but I had barely finished my first drink before they booted me out for demanding that someone return to me what was mine. I'll probably go back but I'll definitely need to bring some Taco Bell in a horse feed bag to bribe/distract that thing behind the bar while I enjoy my night.
"""pricy, and kind of unclean. I ordered a las vegas roll and some other shit, he reached in the fridge, right in front of me..pulled out a premade roll, dolloped some shit on it and handed it to me. I've waited longer for a fucking hamburger at mcdonalds..The seared tuna I ordered was also seared in advance. I asked the guy about it, and he said: \We make like 500 a day.\"""" I replied \""""how many do you think they make in japan?\""""..disappointing, lazy, and super gamey tasting shit. Oh, and ask me like ten more times if I want to join your fucking birthday club."""""""
Disappointing to say the least....\nThis is my 4th time here and I wouldn;t have gone here so many times if it wasn't the proximity to MCC. Each and everytime I have been rather dissapointed with teh level of service which has been slow and blase at the best of times.\n This time around I had to wait 20 miniutes at teh sushi bar (after my order) before teh chef showed up. By then I had lost interest in suchi and Saketini as a whole. I would understand if this place was crowded but there were only 2 other groups and that too none of them were at the bar.\n\nNote to self: Never venture here again
to start with i went with my boyfriend at 330 on 9/10/11. there were only 5 tables of people there including us. after sitting down i realized the cushion was covered in chip crumbs and lettuce, clearly they had not been wiped off. after ordering the server Joe D didnt ask if i needed a straw or lemon for my water. then my boyfriend had to wait 10 minutes to get a refill on his pepsi. when i looked around i saw Joe D standing at the bar slurping from his drink while talking to the guy behind the bar. The table next to me were served burnt chips. when we got the food my chicken was dry. this place sucks! i had been there before about 10 years ago and it was great back then. lastly this company has no comment cards anywhere in the restaurant nor do they have a way to contact the restaurant or make complaints through the website. they must not care about their customers as much as they use to. i do not recommend. if you are looking for mexican there are better places in the central/biltmore area. the only good thing was the red sauce on the chimi but not enough to get me back.
"""Went here for a quick bite with family before a play at Phoenix Theater.  I was hesitant based on the reviews here about cleanliness and mediocre food, but the place is a local legend and we had to give it a try.  On the way to our booth, we passed a large empty table that still had the messy remains of previous diners and wondered why the not-busy-at-all waitstaff hadn't cleaned it up yet. The food was on the high side of \just OK.\""""  The malt, ice-cream soda, and phosphates we ordered with dinner were fantastic.  But, before the final curtain of the show, the cramping began for what would be a 24-hour bout of food poisoning traced back - by process of elimination - to McAlpines chicken salad.  I suppose if you want a delicious soda fountain treat, this is your place.  If you want to eat diner food without getting sick, go somewhere else."""""""
The ID I provided to the TSA was STILL not enough to get a drink here. We would have stayed, but their prices are ridiculous, so we walked up to FOX. They were far busier and it is obviously for a reason. They happily accepted my ID here and we ate and drank our way through a rather long layover.\n\n\nThis place stinks, even for an airport bar. Avoid at all possible costs. Only gave 1 star because I had to.
This was my first visit to this new location of OSF in the chandler mall, and I'll tell you right now, I don't know if the other locations are this bad, but I will not be returning... If you're wondering why, read on, you'll see.\n\n\n---Service---\nWe had a table of 10, which i understand can be difficult, but in a restaurant this big that seats probably 150 people or so, they shouldn't have trouble with a table of 10. We were seated promptly enough, and our waitress took drink orders while we were still waiting for half of our crew. Once everyone else showed up she took their orders, but completely forgot my friend. He eventually got a water, but by that time we were about half way done with our meal. When the food that we ordered arrived, my friend who didn't get a drink also didn't get his entr\u00e9e. It came out about 5 minutes after everyone elses. My wife and I ordered garlic cheese bread as an appetizer and we didn't get it until 10 minutes after we were done eating dinner. The waitress said the kitchen was backed up, which I don't buy at all. She simply forgot to place the order until i mentioned it was missing, plain and simple. When the bill came we noticed that the two drinks we ordered were missing from the tab and we notified the waitress of her mistake. What she should have done was apologize for the poor service and numerous mistakes she made and comp'd the drinks and the garlic bread, but instead she corrected her mistake and she threw away an opportunity win some brownies points and any kind of a reasonable tip. Sadly, this had to be some of the worst service I've received at a restaurant in recent history.\n\n\n---Atmosphere----\nAs far as the restaurant itself is concerned, they did a really good job converting a rather eclectic Mexican place into a nicely furnished and modern feeling Italian joint. Our party was seated closer to the front of the restaurant, and because they left the outer doors of the two doored entry way wide open, whenever anybody would come inside there was a giant gush of cold air that would sweep in, making everyone at my table cold while trying to enjoy out no-longer-hot food. What's the point of having two entry doors if you leave the outside doors wide open!! Seriously people. It was pretty noisy and chaotic inside as well. All the waiters and waitresses seemed to be running around like chickens with their heads cut off. The nature of the building also lends itself to being acoustically boisterous, that is to say, this isn't the place to come if you're in the mood for a quiet dinner with your loved one. \n\n\n----Quality----\nNone of this even speaks to the quality of the food, which is to say, quite sub par considering the prices on the menu. My wife and I ordered the whole wheat spaghetti with mushrooms and marinara sauce. The portion size was smaller than average for a $10 plate, and the sauce was way to wet and there was way to much of it. My spaghetti was drowning in a thin red soup. I've made better at home! My brother in law ordered the chicken parm and his meal was just as bland and boring. The serving of spaghetti he got was tiny, and the chicken breast wasn't even breaded, which may be healthier for you, but it's not chicken parm unless that chicken is deep fried and crispy. The salad we got before the meal was sub standard by any means, low quality ice berg with a few tiny croutons. The creamy pesto sauce that came with it was good, but not so good that it warrants drowning your lettuce in it (which is was). The cheesy garlic bread that we received ten minutes too late was actually pretty decent although a bit greasy for my taste. The sourdough bread was fresh and warm, however, don't expect to get a fresh loaf if the kitchen is out of knives, apparently they won't bring you one unless they have a fresh knife to give you as well. The ice cream we got after the meal was decent enough, I enjoyed the flavor of the spumoni, however, there were ice crystals in it, which leads me to conclude the ice cream tub had been left out and refrozen after a while, ruining the smooth texture it should have. There's no excuse for that. \n\n\n---Summary----\nI don't give out 1 star reviews very often, as I'm usually easier to please, but last night it seemed like it was consistently one thing after another that just piled on top of each other. Eating here made me long for olive garden, which at the very least is quieter and as far as I can tell, has much better food. I can only imagine what the lease is costing them for that location, and I'm sad to say it, but I actually hope they go out of business to save anyone else from the experience of dining there. Maybe they can turn things around, maybe they can't. From the other reviews I've seen so far, it appears as though they're making a habit of pissing off their customers. So there's nothing left to say but good riddance, I hope whoever takes over that space next actually puts some thought into how to run a restaurant.
"""Mill Ave was packed with local stores and had a quirky, fun college town feeling in the 1970s when we moved here. Locals (my family included) went there all the time. Then our city fathers decided to \improve\"""" Mill Ave by \""""yuppifying\"""" it and chasing out local business and pursuing national chains. The death knell was when they built Tempe Marketplace. \nFYI--parking spots are metered and parking is very tight. The City of Tempe also shuts down Mill Ave for events like the arts festival and for ASU games, so you really never know if you can even drive through the district. Our family avoids this area.\nThe new plan for attracting customers to Mill Ave is to spend MILLIONS for a slow motion trolly that will block/impede the right lane of Mill Ave in both directions from Southern Ave directly to and around Michael Monti's restaurant. Can you spell BOONDOGGLE???"""""""
"""I would give this Capital Grille location no stars if possible. I don't mean to be harsh, but I expect A LOT more out of restaurants that charge this much for their food. My mom, brother, boyfriend and I visited Capital Grille, mid-May, for an early birthday dinner for myself. We have never dined at a Capital Grille, but have been to the Palm several times, as well as BLT Steak restaurant group. This was our first experience and last one. We wasted almost $500 on this horrendous dining experience. Number one, we ordered a bottle of wine, it literally took our server, Ken, around 20 minutes to find the bottle of wine in their cellar. We were seated near the cellar where he was searching for the bottle, and watched him. At one point he became flustered and went to check on another table. Finally, he came to table with the wine. My brother and boyfriend started with the French Onion soup, it was decent, but overpriced for what it is. I started with the Lobster Bisque, which had to be sent back because it was cold and had butchered overcooked lobster floating on top. Ken returned with a proper bisque at the correct temperature, also decent but overpriced. My mom had the Spinach salad, very small portion, and the knife cuts were a joke. Mushrooms sliced at different widths, onions, some sliced thin, some sliced thick. Mediocre at best. We didn't even mention the salad until the end of the meal, when things had just become too much. The excuse we received was that this was the \corporate recipe\"""", this is how corporate wants the vegetables sliced, in random different sizes, isn't it about presentation, especially when you pay this much? My brother ordered the Dry Aged Porterhouse, my mom ordered the Kona Crusted Dry Aged Bone In Sirloin, and I ordered the Delmonico. We also ordered their \""""signature\"""" potato gratin, creamed spinach, and the Truffle Fries. Unimpressed in the quality and flavor of meat, I'm not sure if they were even serving Prime that day. Maybe a corporate decision? The gratin was a joke, topped with crushed potato flakes, seriously? Creamed spinach mediocre. The Fries were very good actually, but how can you mess up fries? The most disappointing and shocking moment is when Ken tried to argue with my boyfriend that the steak her ordered, the Dry Aged Steak Au Poivre, which he ordered rare, and came out medium, was rare, until he took to the kitchen and put it under the light. Then comes back to tell us that the salad is on them since we hated it, which my mom only said that it wasn't the best and it wasn't the worst spinach salad she has had. They gave us an on the house coconut cream pie to go. Which I took one bite when I got home and threw it away. Very disappointing when you spend this much money and receive this type of service and quality of food. We might as well set $500 on fire."""""""
I have had similar issues like Jenny R. and Sara B. I am enrolling into CGCC Fall 2011 and I was a MCC student last year so I assumed everything would be updated across both schools, which is how they make it seem. CGCC was charging me out of county/state tuition, so I called and was put on hold for 15 mins, I was told that my account would be updated. Class started a few days later and I was able to log in with no issues. When I logged in on day two, I found out my class was dropped. So I spent another 13 mins on hold trying to resolve this issue, the rep said she watched her coworker update my file with the correct in county/state tuition. I am now showing as enrolled, but it is going to take up to 72 hours before I can access the online course through blackboard. I am so tired of people that cannot do their job. If the second rep could put me on hold for 5 mins to resolve this issue, why did I have to go through this at all?? I am going to take my class and hope December comes fast. Luckily I have completed my undergrad degree and I am just taking a course to help with my job skills. Good luck to the other students that are just starting.
I don't get why everyone loves this restaurant. Maybe the drinks are strong for a reason??? The food is ordinary, although reasonably priced. However, I have been to the restaurant twice and both times had shoddy service. The first time, the restaurant was extremely busy, so I could understand. The last time I was there with 4 colleagues for lunch. Two of us shared entrees. Two of my friends discussed with each other that they would also order a salad and share it, but asked the server not to split the salad, as there is a $5 fee for doing so, and they didn't need two plates. Instead the server did split the salad, so they were charged $10 for splitting both the entree and the salad. Then we found a hair in the hamburger we had split after almost eating all of it. By that time, the server was so slow, that we had run out of time for deserrt, had to return to work, and didn't even have time to discuss the hair in our food. It took forever for the server to come and pick up the payment for our check, so I took it up to the bartender, explaining that we were late getting to work and wanted to take care of it. I was rebuffed, and told that the server had to take it. He did not try to help me locate the server, so I waited some more. I will not return to this restaurant again.
This was a terrible experience.  You can not reach anyone via phone, you have to book online, which I did and also requested a phone call.  I rcvd no call and had an email in my email confirming a time for cleaning.  I requested a call then and got a reply stating someone would call me in 15 mins.  Still no call.  The cleaners arrived & I had someone let them in.  When I returned they were to clean the bathrooms & they were TERRIBLE TERRIBLE!  The sinks were dirty, with tooth paste splatters on sink, the inside of the shower had brown marks from some sort of un rinsed product.  I am so unhappy about this.  I have tried to reach them every day since & have not recieved a call back from a voice mail or email.  DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY THEY ARE AWEFUL!
Reviews for this place are really misleading.  We went there today, and we were very disappointed.  If you're looking for more authentic Indian food,  this is not the place.  We noticed that the chicken tikka was sweeter than usual, when we asked the chef if it had ketchup or bbq sauce, he mentioned that they did use some ketchup.  \n\nWe ordered 3 other dishes, biryani, lamb chili, and chicken karahi.  The biryani was not fresh - the chicken was sub-par, the lamb chili was OK - a little bland, and the chicken karahi was relatively the better dish of the night.  Again, there was only one other table that was occupied, so maybe they weren't prepared?\n\nWe went there because we were at an event where they catered food from there, and that catered food was much better than what we had at the restaurant.   \n\nNot going back there.
Wow... Another Casualty of our Times\n\nI was just at the cool clothing store Status on New Years eve to buy Hubby a cute couple of things that he might like to wear that evening to our New Years Dinner.  One Rock and Republic pair of jeans and 2 awesome rocker-type button up shirts.  He wore the shirt out to dinner but the pants were a little too tight.\n\nWent there yesterday to see if we could exchange them for him - and like a thief in the night, the Status clothing store was gone.  The only thing that would tell you it was there was the awning.  \n\nWhat irks me more is that I was there only 8 days ago and spoke to the general manager guy about his selection of clothing.  He did not ever mention they were going out of business or moving - and he knew I was buying this for my husband.  I would probably not have bought the jeans for him had i known I couldnt exchange them.\n\nThe rest of City North is just depressing as well.  Ocean Club is still anchoring it.  Food there is good but really more expensive than necessary.  \n\nA real shame about CityNorth.  I thought it was going to be great...
"""The food is good and I have always loved going here for lunch or dinner...until the roaches crawling on the walls, the tables - EEEWW!  Click on the date for any \complain inspection\"""" and you will see they find roaches here - continually!  http://www.maricopa.gov/envsvc/envwebapp/tabs/results.aspx?navigatedFrom=businessResultsDrillDown&mc_perm_id=129281&business=SWADDEE%20THAI%20CUISINE&address=5055%20%20%20W%20%20RAY%20RD&permitid=SG48994  I have stopped going here and, instead, go to Yupha's Thai which is better food and, no roaches.  Note that the Via Linda location does not have any problems and, in fact gets awarded Silver or Gold awards from the Maricopa County Inspections.  It is only the Chandler location that is a problem and should be avoided."""""""
If anyone thinks this place is authentic... I wonder what they consider Taco Bell to be? Heaven? I had the bland Chicken Burro which was very disappointing. Then I also had 2 Tamales with Rice and Beans. My friend had 2 Cheese Enchilada plate. When we opened them, we couldn't tell the difference. They were both swimming in the same canned sauce. The only way to tell the difference was finding the maize from a Tamale. As for the rice, I never knew Spanish Rice was supposed to be crunchy and undercooked.... Just over all a let down. AZ should open the border back up and get real food here. If you are a true foodie, don't bother with this place.
"""My friend celebrated her birthday here yesterday evening. We were the first three of about 15 people to show up. The server was really inconsistent and scatterbrained. As soon as we were seated, she asked us if we were ready to order drinks. After telling her we needed some time, she came back two minutes later to ask again. We asked for a HH menu and she came back several minutes later with one. Errrr.. OK, I guess the 3 of us can share... not that big of a deal I suppose. \n\n10 minutes later, she came back and we ordered our drinks and appetizers. While waiting for our orders, more people started to trickle in. By the time she came back to our table, there were about 10+ people passing around 1 happy hour menu. Either that was the only copy in the whole restaurant or she didn't want us to order from it because as soon as someone set it down, she snatched it up and took off w/ it. WTH!? \n\nWhile everyone was laughing about it and asking \did that really just happen?!\"""" our food arrived. My friend & I shared the pork belly cubano and chicken fingers. Both were OK, but they should have just named the pork belly cubano a ham cubano because the piece of pork belly was no larger than 2 fingers. A total disappointment because I was looking forward to the pork belly the most! As for our drinks, she was OK if we flagged her down to take our (alcoholic) drink orders, but she was really scatterbrained when it came to refilling our waters! I asked several times for a refill, but she would walk away after refilling other people's half full glasses and ignore my completely empty glass. She did this to a few other people too that asked for water.\n\nThere were a few other servers that were helping her out w/ our table. When they brought out the orders, they would just drop off the plates wherever they felt like. Sometimes they would drop it off at one end of the table, sometimes in the middle, sometimes at the other end. Never once did they ask who it belonged to. When one dish was brought to my friend, she gave him a puzzled look and he started to walk away. She said \""""I guess I can figure out who this belongs to..\"""" and he came back and said \""""well I guess I can do it if you don't want to...\"""" WTF. Isn't it his JOB to?!? \n\nMy friend said she had a very similar experience last time too. Needless to say, I won't be back. Such a shame since I work right across the street and my co-workers and I eat out almost everyday."""""""
it has been over a year since I visited this hole of a restaurant, but my experience is what counts. The staff was confused and slow to visit our table, the pizza might be the most boring bland pizza I have ever had. The soda didn't taste right and the place was a total mess. To top it off the price was a bit high for something that can't even compete with Peter Piper. I would not go back to Grimaldi's if someone gave me a gift card. Try Prima Pizza sometime ... behind the Taco Bell on Val Vista and Baseline. It is a dive, but the pizza is simply amazing.
This place SUCKS DOG FARTS.  After waiting two hours, I was told that I couldn't get a duplicate title because my copy of a certified financial power of attorney was not the same as a certified copy of an FPOA.  Sounds like an OXYMORON to me.  Well, if a copy is good enough for banks, why not for the MVD?  Well, because it is the gov't!  It doesn't make any sense, except that gov't workers only work to protect their jobs.  If the MVD was a business, they'd be out of business.
"""Stopped by on my way to the Yelp Adopt-A-Family UYE at Metro Brasserie to pick up an oil change gift card, and I was there for half an hour. Worst service ever. If I hadn't waited until the last minute and wasn't just down the street from Metro Brasserie, I would've walked out. But I did, and I was, so I couldn't. So despite all my rage, I was - come on, you know the line - trapped like a rat in a cage. What - too 90s for you? Come on, Pumpkins rocked, admit it.\n\nAnyway, so first I stood there in the waiting room, me and the other three people waiting for their cars. There was nobody behind the register.\nI asked them, \Is there somebody working?\""""\n\""""Define working,\"""" one of them said. The others laughed.\n\nWhen the clerk finally showed up ten minutes later, he came in and started messing with the register, which I was standing in front of. \""""Hello,\"""" I said. \""""Wait,\"""" he said. I told him I just wanted a gift card. He nodded. One of the mechanics came in. Somebody's car was done. He called the guy, the guy came over.\n\nHere's their exchange:\nclerk: Your car's ready.\ncustomer: Did you rotate the tires?\nclerk: Yes. I mean no. (looks at paperwork) I don't know. (goes outside, talks to mechanic, comes back in). No. Do you want them rotated?\ncustomer: Yes.\nclerk: (sighs, waves customer away like he's swatting a fly)\ncustomer: I'll go ahead and pay for it, you know, since I'm standing here.\nclerk: oh, uh, I don't know if I can... (goes outside, talks to mechanic, comes back inside) Okay.\ncustomer: They're pulling my car out.\nclerk: What?\ncustomer: They're pulling my car out. I don't think they're not going to rotate the tires.\nclerk: do you still want the tires rotated?\ncustomer: No.\nclerk: (rings him up for oil change, no tire rotation)\n\nMy turn.\nme: \""""I'd like a gift card.\""""\nclerk: \""""How much?\""""\nme: (tell him amount) \nclerk: (stares at register for 5 minutes, every once in a while glancing over at piece of paper taped to wall)\nme: Everything okay?\nclerk: (goes outside, talks to mechanic, comes back inside with mechanic. Together they stare at register for another 5 minutes, then mechanic goes back outside, talks to another mechanic, comes back inside)\nmechanic: You want a gift card?\nme: Yes.\nmechanic: How much?\nme: (tell him amount)\nmechanic: (goes back outside, talks to another mechanic, comes back inside, stares at register, reads piece of paper, re-reads piece of paper, stares at register...)\nFinally they figure it out - he's got to swipe the gift card. Of course his hands are covered with grease. He hands me the card, covered in grease. Nice. Don't worry, Gabs - I cleaned it up pretty good before handing it over ;)\n\nMan, am I glad I didn't take my car here."""""""
"""I used to go here when the staff were knowledgeable, nice, and the prices were just. I usually rent lenses here and get my gear here however in the past year they have slipped into what I call Wal-Martism where they are the only heavy weights around and must bow down. \n\nCame here to rent a few lenses: a 14mm canon L(they only had the mark 1) and rented as if it were a brand new just lens of the mark ii. When asked if they will ever upgrade their rental equipment they said \No, we do not give into them just upgrading the lens just so they can sell at a higher price\"""" This is false, I am no expert but the quality and technology called for the upgrade and it was a completely different lens, they felt the same about the 70-200mm. SHAME SHAME...its like comparing a point and shoot to a DSLR. \n\n2nd complaint...On the lens rental that was not upgraded I asked how much to rent for 1 week for a TSE 17mm, on the phone they said $150...wait a minute...website says $135...lady came and said...oh sorry, we need to update our website. I asked for honor and she said no. \n\n3rd. They are way over priced. Look and you will see that compared to other retailers that they are 20% marked up...its like shopping at Bestbuy...\n\nUnderstanding that they been around here along time and probably developed a strong fan base that they will attack me for this review, but lets look at them as a business and not a personal friend. They want money...you got money...enough said.\n\nOverall: Lost my business and recommendation for a good local camera place. Last place to ever shop locally and time to take my dollars online.\n\nRIP Tempe Camera...until Dr. Frankenstein revives you with adjusted prices, upto date gear, and competent staff."""""""
Noble Beast is a small store with limited products. They've got a ton of dog food but only a small wall of toys and a corner for bedding. If you're looking for pet food, chk out Pet Food Depot, if you're looking for dog toys/clothes/beds, chk out Petsmart. Overall, I don't recommend Noble Beast bcus I found nothing interesting and even if I did, it'd be overpriced. I would give this a half star if I could...and only bcus they have a parking lot.
I read the reviews and still ended up going to this place.. I went in for a manicure only as I thought their prices were too high for anything else. The guy who was doing my nails, did not know how to take gel polish off.  The female worker next to him had to show him how to wrap my nails in aluminum foil, and then show him how to use the tool to get the old polish off.  I should have known at that moment, my gut said run and run fast.  But I stayed to see how it would end.  I chose my color, the guy kept wiping the brush off so that he would use only the most minimal of color on my nails (not what I wanted as I have had this color before and it should look better than clear polish on my nails).  He did not coat down to the cuticle either, he left a huge gap.  When I informed him that my nails needed to stay under the light longer than 30 seconds he argued with me.  I know that they have to be under the light for a minimum of 2 minutes (experience).  And when I told him he will have to put on a 3rd coat, he called to the female (who was helping him before) to come over and talk to me.  She did, and she ended up putting on the additional coats of polish, fixing his mistakes and being frustrated with me. When I paid, the femaile did give me a card and printed on the back that I would get $5.00 off my next visit.  I don't think going back and having a discount is worth the next visit.  I will not be going here again for sure.
"""This review is based solely on service - we came here at 730pm on a Saturday night and it was empty. So why did the hostess ignore us when we walked in? Shouldn't they have been estatic that they had customers? And why did our waitress act like we were inconveniencing her with our order? We couldn't get any service so we tried to flag down a staff member and she just shrugged and said, \I'm not waiting on you guys\"""". Then we ordered a few rounds of sake bombs and the waitress wouldn't give us clean glasses for each round. What is the deal with this place?"""""""
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!\n\nThe nurse practitioner on duty was completely incompetent!  She was asking the assistant general procedure questions.  After 15 min. I picked up my baby and walked out.  How can a nurse practitioner not know how to answer general questions?   She actually guessed and then tried to verify with the assistant.  The assistant was very knowledgable and corrected her mistakes.  I left 4 messages and emails for the manager.  After 5 weeks was given a return call to tell me she had passed my messages on to the Doctor in charge.  I never received a call from him and it's now been 2 months.  This facility is horrible.  Go to PCH urgent care instead.  They are great!
This was the WORST Mexican food I have ever had, by far. I would give it a minus star or two if that was possible. Had to pay $2.75 extra for a beef machaca option on my chimichanga, and I expected shredded beef with no fillers. There was huge pieces of piping hot tomato and bell pepper inside, and the meat was flavorless and watery. My wife was asked if the would like sour cream & guacamole with her dish (which was also not meaty and very watery). She said OK- they brought two tiny containers. We also were charged an extra $2.50, and were not informed of that. I am from California, and am almost 50 years old, so I have eaten a lot of authentic Mexican food. This was garbage in it's highest form. The place also didn't smell good, and was dirty. Amazing they have been in business this long. The prices are also very high for any restaurant, especially one with this poor quality.
If you actually look at my reviews you will find that I have reviewed many local places and given them high marks.  This place is the exception.  Walking in and the bartender was coughing into his hands and touching pizza boxes with pizzas already in them and pouring drinks and touching receipts.  Disgusting.  The pizza itself was below average.  Decent crust but very few toppings and the sauce is done in their signature way where they put round dollops of sauce every so often on the crust instead of everywhere.  I'll take everywhere.  There was nothing but crust in several spots, bland as hell, and lame.  We were grossed out by the bartender and couldn't hardly eat anyways but we actually gave it a try.  I will never spend another dime in this location.
"""My boyfriend and I went to this Arriba's location about a week ago.  We are regulars at this location because of my love of their shrimp and scallops enchiladas.  My boyfriend is not a huge fan but he humors me at times.  \n\nWe get seated and he orders enchiladas with red chile.  Our food comes out and his enchiladas have green chile on them.  He looks at me to double check and make sure he had said red chile and I tell him that I heard him say red chile.  It's not a big deal and so we tell the waiter.  The waiter says he thought we had said green chile but is very nice and takes it back to the kitchen to have them change it.  \n\nAs I'm starting on my meal, we hear arguing from the kitchen.  We hear someone yell in the kitchen, \I wrote down green chile but that guy out there is saying he said red chile.\""""  After hearing this, we don't really feel comfortable staying at the restaurant.  We call over the manager and explain what happened.  He was very nice and we offered to pay our bill for our drinks and my dish but the manager told us to not worry about it and that he hoped we would return.  \n\nWe just didn't feel comfortable staying and eating after hearing the arguing from the kitchen concerning our food. It made us feel unwelcome and as if they thought we were at fault for what had happened.  \n\nI come here mainly for the shrimp and scallops enchiladas, which I absolutely love.  In the past few years, I have noticed the quality of the food decline.  The shrimp/scallop enchiladas used to come out piping hot with lots of cheese and covered in a rich cream sauce.  The last few times I have been to the restaurant, the tortilla has been dry, no sauce, and it looks like they just slapped two pieces of sliced cheese on top of the enchilada.  I have been very disappointed.  \n\nAll that being said;\n\nPROS: great chips and salsa\n              usually great servers\n               managers have been very pleasant and accomodating\n\nCONS:  decline in food quality\n               hostesses are not very friendly\n               menus always feel very oily\n\nI think that we will probably try a different Arriba's location in the future."""""""
"""Over the last 10 years I have had several misc. home delivery subscriptions with the Arizona Republic (yes I am one of the dinosaurs that still likes to feel the paper in my hand each morning PLUS the COMICS man the COMICS!)\n\nThe last 2 subscriptions have been met with nothing but billing issues, missed deliveries and missing coupons.\n\nI have had 2 negative experiences with the Republic when it comes to cancelling a subscription and still getting billed- which have led me to no longer want home delivery from them ever again. Receiving a refund for this faulty billing requires no less then hours of emails, phone calls, at least 1 hand written snail mail letter, and the promise of your first born as a paper delivery boy. (ok so the last one was a exaggeration but still)\n\nWhen we moved from a home in Gold Canyon in Dec of 2009 we cancelled a month to month subscription until we got settled into our new place (we did not want the paper going wasted)  I was asked what day I wanted the cancellation effective and I told them \immediately.\"""" The very next day we stopped getting the paper delivered to our home- However the following month the charge was automatically deducted from our account. After several phone calls I eventually hand wrote a letter and mailed it to the Republic- A month later we got a refund and an apology letter.\n\nIn November of 2010 I joined Coupon$ense and through their AZ Republic vendor started a new subscription that included 3 Sunday papers each week (plus a W, F and Sat paper) Since I only needed the coupons in the Sunday paper (and they are supposedly gtd to be in only home delivery papers and not those on the rack) I felt trapped into this excessive subscription. The waste eventually got to me and I  left the Coupon$ense program-(another review to come shortly!) I was told by Coupon$ense that I had to cancel my Republic subscription personally separately (even though they were the ones that set it up and never gave me an account number) -Regardless of the fact that I had an email from the Republic with my subscription information (minus an account number) when I called to cancel, my account could not be located.  Finally after 3 different customer service reps-someone was able to locate my account and cancel it.  The next day I got an email confirming that the cancellation had been processed and we stopped getting papers.\n\n2 days later the monthly subscription fee was automatically deducted from my bank account\n\nSee the pattern here?\n\nMy advise- skip the home delivery and take a jog down to QT on Sunday mornings to get those bright colored comics and just check to be sure the paper you pick up as a stack of coupons in it. It will save lots of money and hassle."""""""
"""This was the 3rd time I used Northside (same tech every time). I was always very happy with them in the past. This time, we moved in to a house with very dirty carpet. The Tech up sold us on the \power scrubber\"""" which was $160 and \""""guaranteed\"""" that no spots would resurface. Spots came right back up in all of the rooms and near all baseboards was still dirty. \n\nWhen I called the gal on the phone tried to tell me that it was just the underside of the carpet coming through. This made absolutely no sense. I'm in design and buy carpet for a living. This carpet is in a 3 year old house to boot. The tech came back out, but wasn't very happy. I showed him all of the spots and dirty areas. He said again there was no way spots could come back up wit the \""""power scrubber\"""". But, there they were! He proceeded to spend 2 minutes spraying a few areas with a water bottle and then left. The carpet is still dirty. \n\nI referred them to about 5 friends in the past and won't do it again. What a waste of money this was. Pretty disappointed. A company should not offer a guarantee if they don't plan to honor it."""""""
So I've eaten at this restaurant before. However, the other night we had a guest in from out of town and an event earlier in the evening. So we booked a reservation at this restaurant, WHICH THEY CONFIRMED.\n\nWhen we walked into the restruant the place wasn't very busy and the greeter informed us that our reservation wasn't going to be honored, but, we were welcome to order a drink at the bar.  Because it was already after 9 at that point we had a difficult time finding a place that could accommodate us on such short notice. \n\nInterestingly we didn't even have the latest reserved seating they were offering, there was one or two even later. \n\nI eat out and entertain a lot for business and personal.  I rarely write totally negative reviews. But, Not honoring a reservation that a restaurant has not only taken but, have CONFIRMED just because the staff is lazy and wants to go home is completely unacceptable and shows a general lack of customer service and care for the client.\n\nI do agree with an earlier reviewer.. If you want seafood go to mccormicks and schmicks or for a more local flare, The Salt Cellar.
We were ever hopeful about sampling great tacos!  Got there around  2:30pm and the line was gigantic to get in.  We kept walking down over the bridge to the Cowboy Ciao area and the line still kept going.  Then we heard people who were leaving the festival saying vendors were already out of tacos!  No sense in waiting 30 minutes in line just to get in and pay $10+ without full opportunity to sample...so we skipped it.  :(\nHopefully organizers will plan more shade, better flow and longer lasting food supplies from the vendors next year!
"""There is nothing \Fantastic\"""" about this place.  I used a money mailer coupon to try it out.  Immediately when I walked in I felt a bad vibe.  Seemed the girls there weren't too happy, and apparently the new owner was there (to observe?) and looked like she just ate a %&it sandwich.  No smiles or friendly attitude at all.  Worst of all was the haircut itself.  Forgot the stylists name, but she was middle aged with straight dirty blonde hair.  I don't know if she was distracted by trying to talk during the cut, but she seemed to have no idea (or seemed to care) of what style I wanted.  One of the worst haircuts I ever had.  Never going back."""""""
Not cool... and Jessica is never going back.\n\nSo I went home that night and searched for my receipt.  Nope... I remember her asking me if I wanted a receipt and all they do is clutter my already overflowing purse, so I said no... trusting they did my hair right.\n\nI walk in receiptless.\n\nAnd get rejected because I don't have my receipt.\n\nNope.\n\nBye bye now... that wasn't cool... and now neither is my hair because I had to go to Target and buy friggen shears to fix it myself... it was THAT bad.
Sadly, I would NEVER go back to this shop or recommend anyone.  I was ready to go 500 miles to witness my first grandchild be born and knew I needed a new tire.  So, I ran over to this shop, and instead of getting one or maybe even two tires I was told I needed ALL FOUR replaced!  I was in shock, as my son is a certified mechanic, and was at work, so I didn't have time to have him verify, but he would have warned his mother of this, if needed.  I agreed to this, feeling like I had no choice, and asked them to put one of the tires, which still had plenty of tread as my spare.  After all was said and done, I had paid a ridiculous amount, extra fees added to my quote, felt completely preyed upon as a woman there alone, and my spare had NOT been replaced as I asked.  I had been completely ripped off.  When I got home, my son was furious, as he said there is NO way all four of those tires needed to be replaced.  As I was on my way to a celebration of my grandchild, I did not have the energy or time to spend going back to fight this negative situation - rather, I will make sure and NOT EVER go there again, nor refer anyone!  I have since found and used Joes' Tires in Chandler, and they have been honest, reasonable and awesome to deal with EVERY time!! Sad, that a single mother, can't trust a nationally known tire shop.
If your buying a Mastercool evap from Home Depot do not have Delta Mechanical install it!   Less then a week after having Delta out a second time after installation and the Mastercool was supposably fine, it started making quite a bit of noise. I hired a heating & cooling company to see why the Mastercool was making so much noise. They found that it was not level, one side was an inch higher, the belt was too tight, the water level was too high causing a lot of water drainage out the pvc pipe.  Besides all of that they left the cookie tray laying up on the roof and didn't supply a customer care booklet nor the warranty card with the cooler.  I must say though they do excell at blowing smoke up your ass!
Oil, Oil, Oil ... too much oil on the food ... unless I went on a bad day, these guys are clueless as to how to cook good/great barbeque.  My wife ordered a beef brisket sandwich and the oil was just dripping off of it ... She tried to squeeze it, so that there wouldn't be so much and a bunch of oil came rushing out ....  lucky, we had the sauce on the side or it would have destroyed the interior of my car  ... you don't cook barbeque so it's like a greasepit ... people in arizona have no clue as to what good southern BBQ is all about ... I also ordered the sweet fries and they came rolled in a ball and again dripping with oil ... It's a glorified grease pit and you better have a bathroom nearby, because my wife had me driving home 80 miles an hour so she could take care of business ... Joe's BBQ in Mesa is much better and the food is dryer (still not as good as back east, but pretty darn good overall) ... Stacy is trying to serve up a sponge ... As bad as the BBQ in Arizona usually is, this takes it to a new low ...  I wouldn't eat there for free ... Go yourself and notice that it is dripping grease from the moment they hand it to you .... Realize that once you eat that stuff you have no idea what kind of pain you can feel afterwords ....   Note: the service was better than expected ... very polite-nice girls ... Grade D- ... these are all my opinions and no I don't work for any of the competitors (here in arizona) aren't that great either-trust me ...
"""We've eaten at this Chipotle several times and, although it is not one of my favorite places to eat, I recognize that the supposed quality of the food may be better than other fast food restaurants.  That being said today's experience was not a good one!  We arrived just before noon and there were few people there.  The employees were apparently  filling an order that seemed to be causing them some trouble and our food, once started, sat on the prep line for longer that it should have before they finished it.  I took two bites of my taco and the meat was refrigerator cold, not lukewarm from sitting on the counter too long.  I informed the manager and suggested that perhaps their warming trays were not operating properly and she checked and said everything was at targeted temperature.  I had her touch the meat in my taco to demonstrate that the meat was cold.  She agreed with me and said she would make me another.  15 minutes later, since my husband had finished his meal, I approached her and asked that my money be refunded.  She said she had totally forgotten about my taco and she couldn't refund my money because the cash register had frozen and she was trying to get someone on the phone.  Only after I stood there a moment did she offer a \card\"""" for the next time we visit.  I told her there wouldn't be a next time.  I can forgive one oversight, even two on a restaurant visit, but these folks totally \""""dropped the ball\"""" on ours."""""""
"""I will be moving to Phoenix in the Winter and I thought I'd scout out some LFS while I was visiting, which led me to Reef Culture. At first I was positive seeing some nice looking displays and LED use, however this soon changed.\n\n On closer inspection, lots of the tanks were infested with aiptasia and bubble algae, and prices of coral were hugely inflated compared to other prices in the area and back home. The people were very unprofessional and unfriendly and first ignored me entirely despite trying to flag someone down. When I did manage to get their attention, I was belittled and treated like a child who knew nothing about the hobby (I have had marine tanks for over a decade ranging from large 55 gallon+ to tiny DIY LED picos). \n\nAfter this rude and demeaning experience, I continued to peruse the last few tanks and came across an angler fish. I watched him and he followed me as I walked down the isle as far as his tank would go and I backtracked a couple steps, amused that he was slowly walking along the tank with me. There was a loud crack as the man behind the counter slammed the phone down, snapped his fingers at me, and told me to \stop harassing the fish.\"""" Keep in mind, I was not tapping on glass or prodding anything as I am quite short and I could barely reach to the high up tank where the angler fish was, much less reach to \""""harass\"""" any fish. After this rude treatment I promptly left. This kind of unprofessional treatment of the customers is shocking and unacceptable, not to mention the bubble algae infested tanks (one spore of that on the water that you get your coral in and your tank is infected too). \n\nI won't be doing business here when I move."""""""
Came here with a large group one night when a military friend was back in town. We came VIP. Service was horrible. We ordered rinks and 4 bottles and we had to go to the bar and ask for them.  We went walking around only to not be let in another VIP spot because the idiot who let us in forget to give us bracelet things. \n\nI am pretty sure the guys with me were the only straight ones in the bar that night. I saw WAY too many dudes kissing each other. \n\nWe complained about our horrible treatment and we got offered a VIP pass for next time. What a JOKE! I will never come back here an hope no one else would ever go there either!
I don't generally like fast food because it's just gross but I was starving and we had a 3 hour layover.  \n\nMy sub was like eating a brick of salt.  I could only eat half of it and that was really pushing it. \n\nI asked the cashier for a napkin. She pointed to the empty containers and told me they were over there.  After looking and telling her they were empty she sent someone out to refill them.  I waited 10 minutes for a napkin.
First of all, I incorrectly thought I was going to the other high rated Hawaiian place because I didn't pay attention to the name or address.  I just knew this place replaced Julio too's (dating myself) and checked it out.  \n\nPretty much everything about my meal was poor.  All of the sides are either really bad impersonations of Korean sides, or corn straight out of the Del Monte can.  The seaweed used white vinegar, the cabbage was bland, and the clear noodle things were just not tasty.  \n\nI got a combo plate with BBQ chicken and the short ribs.  The short ribs were chewy with very tough fat on them.  They were not that good.  The BBQ chicken was not that good either and resembled slimy dark meat chicken that you find in a Panda Express rice bowl.  I guess the white rice was... white... and made of rice.  At least they didn't screw that part up.\n\nfor $10 I expect a much better meal.  I ate about half of it and threw the rest away.  I will never go back, and if you are someone that wants a lot of these flavors, go check out Cho Dang in Chandler.  It seems a lot of Paradise's (horribly ironic name) food is highly influenced by Korean food but poorly done.  You can get a better meal at a sit down place for less money at Cho Dang.  \n\n If you want food that rivals Samurai Sam's, Kyoto Bowl, or Panda Express than this is your place.  If you want decent food I suggest looking elsewhere.  I will be checking out the other Hawaiian joint around the corner to see if it is any better.  I am clueless on how this place averages 4 stars.  They deserve 1 star, but I was going to be nice and go with 2.  However, I just remembered that they do not have a public restroom which always chaps my ass.
"""Oh Good Lord Baby Jesus.  How I loath clubs like these ... nothing againts this place ... just the genre in general.\n\nI was there REALLY early but there were so few \ladies\"""" and the guys for the most part looked like middle aged tools desperate for a date.\n\nThen again, perhaps a large part of it may have had something to do with the party in celebration of a calendar of Big Ten college girls in swimsuits (how novel!).\n\nThis is EXACTLY why Scottsdale is ... well ... Scottsdale."""""""
The food was okay but the service was horrible.  The table was not cleaned when we were seated. A girl came to clean the table with a smelly dirty rag and brushed all the crumbs on our laps. I asked if she would please get a clean cloth. When she came back she argued with me...told me the last one was clean. If a cloth smells enough for me to notice then it's full of bacteria and not at all clean. No wifi either. Why? The waitress said it's because people stay too long. I will not be visiting any Applebee's again.
Decided to check this place out because they had a good deal on GrouponNow.\n\nVery unprofessional and unorganized. Look, just because you are an aesthetician doesn't mean you can run a business. This particular establishment is a prime example.\n\nI bought the GrouponNow which is only valid for a time specified for one day. In this case I had until 6pm to redeem. I tried calling all morning to schedule an appt. No answer.\n\nSo I just went down there. Walked in, rang the bell, heard some ladies chatting in the back. After waiting for 15 mins, I finally walked into the back and said HELLO?! Finally the owner came out and said they were closed. Closed? I informed her that she had a GrouponNow running that day. She apologized and offered me a free treatment for my inconvenience. I appreciated that and left.\n\nWhen I called back to schedule they said they were booked up for the next month! Today, I saw another GrouponNow for them and decided to call and see of they had any openings. This time, at least someone answered the phone! She told me they were booked up the next month. What?\n\nI'm just confused as to why this business keeps running GrouponNow specials that people cannot redeem?\n\nA med spa needs to be staffed and organized before they open their doors. This business is an unprofessional disaster. I hope people check Yelp before buying Groupons to so-called med spas.
Worst, slow service ever....especially with almost no one in the place. Food was average at best and thats being kind. Skip it if you are looking to eat or get a drink.\n\nJust an update: I (as well as a friend who wrote a review of the day) were contacted (I didn't see my message until today oops) and offered refunds and gift certificates. Now this seems all well and fine-I do appreciate them trying to make the most of the situation-but my friend is still waiting for a refund and/or certificate. So we shall see. If I could take away my star for more non-service then I would.
God only knows how a company can hire such incompetent and disorganized employees.   Does Nationwide provide any training in customer service at all????   \n\nI just don't get it.  With so many thousands of bright people looking for work, how does a national company end up with such terrible employees?\n\nI mean, how difficult is it to do an accurate eye exam and send it to the lab to get processed?   (Based on my experience here, it must be about as difficult as flying to Jupiter, as they can't seem to get ANYTHING right.)\n\nI've had five experiences with this Nationwide branch (eye exam, 2 types of glasses), and each one has resulted in major errors resulting in delays in receiving glasses.   The employees don't listen, don't write things down, don't follow up, and worst of all they act like they are doing you a favor by even being there.
"""VEGANS, BEWARE! \n\nWhen I first started going here I asked specific questions about the \veggie\"""" meat, Was it Vegan? Did it contain any dairy or egg? etc. \nI was assured that it was absolutely vegan and a 100% soy product. \n\nI recently heard that their \""""veggie\"""" meat contained egg whites. \nI called up and asked them to please look at the ingredient list to verify this and sure it enough it contained Egg Whites!! \n\nI am so upset that that the owner/manager of this shop was so ignorant  that he could profess the vegan wonders of this \""""veggie\"""" meat to me knowing that it was not. \n\nI'm appalled by the false pretense and all the times I ate here unknowingly putting things in my body which are not OK with me. \nWhat if I had been deathly allergic to eggs?"""""""
bland.  dry.  underwhelming burger.  sure they have many options but so does fuddruckers and fuddruckers is crap as well.  chicago hamburger co is where it's at.  \n\nspent 20 for girlfriend and i ate original hamburger works and won't be doing that again anytime soon.  and that burger was not 1/2 pound.  the only good thing was that they had red cream soda.  by far the most disappointing place i;ve been that i heard about via this website.\n\nthanks for misleading yelpers.  this place doesnt believe in seasoning.\n\nbtw.  chili fries tastes like carl's jr's.  100% crap.
"""Fail.\n\nThey serve food till midnight, so we rolled through here at 11 PM on a First Friday. \n\nThe waiter kept forgetting things we asked for... water, menus, etc. \n\nFrench fries - oops chips - tasted like they had been sitting out for a while. Cool and mushy... not my idea of a good chip.\n\nMy clam chowder was kind of thin though it tasted OK. It was lacking potatoes. Kinda weird. \n\nOrdered a Strongbow cider on tap... and it's flat. Since the server was nowhere to be found, I went up to the bar. Bartender: \Oh the cider is usually a little flat! Don't worry about it!\"""" (WHAAA???) Me: \""""No - it's really flat. I think my water is fizzier.\"""" Turns out it was the bottom of the tap and there's none left, and they aren't opening another till the next day. So no drinkey drinkey for Adam. Fail! \n\nFriend ordered some sandwich, she seemed to like it but it didn't look too thrilling to me. So whatevs.\n\nThe wine list was pretty shallow. Other friend ordered some \""""fruity tart\"""" type flavored white wine. She said it was \""""tinny\"""" tasting and not good. Fail.\n\nThe pool table takes up way too much room such that it's impossible to sit around the wall and not be poked by sticks. After being poked 3x by this daft fool I tapped the back of his cue ball and messed up his shot on purpose, because I was about to get it in the ribs. \n\nThe paintings of the Queen and Churchill kind of suck, in a 7th grade kind of way. It looks like Queen E's hair is floating slightly above her head. \n\nI will not be back!"""""""
"""This place actually gets 0 stars. Front desk was unfriendly when I made my appt. Then the day I had a scheduled appt. I called for their location( because it was my first time there) and I was on hold for 10 min. The first time I called I waited 5 min. I hung up and called back. Before she put me on hold again I told the receptionist I was in the complex and just needed to know what direction to go. Her response back was I have another call you need to hold. I drove around for 5 min. and found the place. When I pulled up she came back on the phone. I told her I found it and she said oh ok. Not sorry you were on hold for so long or thank you for waiting. I then go in, start filling out my paperwork and a woman walks up to the desk to tell the other girl who she was talking too and adds \yeah and this lady kept calling and I kept telling her to hold\""""! I reply yes that was me! She looks at me and walks away. Are you serious you are talking about a patient in the patient waiting area. Who trained you on customer service. Obviously know one. I walked out. I refuse to give business to a co. that is so rude. Mind you I just moved here amd my fiance and I were going to be new patients. I will tell everyone I know  not to go there. While I was driving around for 10 min. on hold I found another dentist. Dr. Johnathen Koerperick who we have both gone to and his staff is wonderful the moment you walk in or call.  I guess it was a blessing in disguise."""""""
I've thought about this before writing this because of being a small business owners and understanding that maybe the owners and staff just had a bad day.  I didn't want to write this because everyone is entitled to their own opinion of services and food and didn't want to damage another business reputation with just my opinion. So here it goes.\nMy son and I go here to eat all the time because it's convenient instead of having to drive all the way out to Phoenix or Mesa for really good Pho.  It's good, not great by any means but could be great if you just don't know anything about Pho.  However, the service here is the worst I've ever experienced.  I know that Pho places really aren't known for service but this place is just rude.  Try Unphogettable in Mesa so you can see what good food and service is about and you will know what I mean about rude here.\nI've just always put up with it because it's just typical of Pho restaurants.  So, headed back to work, my friend asked me to pick up an order to go for her.  After waiting for about 20 minutes after we were done eating for the to go order even though we placed the order when we ordered our other food too, the order came back wrong.  I told the pregnant owner what our correct order was.  She placed the order by the registered and left us there hanging.  After another 20 minutes, I asked for the order again.  She said they are too busy and have decided not to correct the order.  I asked her why she didn't tell me and would just make me sit there and wait.  No answer other than that she is too busy to deal with it.  So, I pay and put under the tip line none because poor service.  Actually wrote that in so that they won't write in their tips, which they have done once before on me. \nI reconciled my statement over the weekend and pull out my receipt.  Apparently, I have now also been charged the to go order even though I didn't take it.  Called and she answered and argues with me that I took the order.  This is ridiculous.  We are not some scam artist or willing to lie over some $9 order.  Tried to explain to her that we did not but she just hung up the phone on me.  Wow!!  Talk about hormonal...
I don't like the pizza hear and if you go for lunch there are no specials by the slice.  The ranch tastes bottled and tastes gross.  The ingredients are not fresh but rather canned (also gross).  The chicken wings were not that great either.  The atmosphere was nice for a casual place with a couple of flat screen TV's on the wall.  I will not be going back to this place, so hopefully they get better soon since Barro's pizza is going in the area soon.
How do I give NO stars? Ok, I get that it is Walmart and to some degree you have to just buck up and deal because it is going to be dirty, everyone who works there is going to by unhappy, etc. However, this Walmart hit a new Walmart low for me this week when I ordered a camera and storage card online to pick it up on this store. \n\nThe card was ready immediately, but the camera would not be ready for pickup for one week. No problem, except I received an e-mail that if I did not pickup the card with 48 hours the card would be put back on the shelf and I would be credited. So I called the store and politely explained that I would like to make only ONE trip to Walmart and asked if they could hold the card a few more days. Before I could finish, I was interrupted by a teenage boy manager and was told there was NO WAY they could hold it and that was policy, no exceptions. When I pressed him he told me I could not speak to the store manager and instead I should call walmart.com. Which I did, and they hung up on me. Awesome.\n\nBottom line: they were unhelpful and because I need the camera for work I kept the order. But that will be the last time I ever deal with Walmart.
If I could award them 0 stars, I would. Simply put, they are horrible! \n\nI ordered flowers through FTD & they were handled by this florist. Not only did they not fulfill the order as I placed it (for a 50th birthday gift for a lifelong friend), when I called them, they were condescending, rude & bashed the FTD company itself! That is their bread & butter as far as I am concerned, and, any disparaging comments toward FTD should have been directed toward FTD, not me. I was the consumer. I spent about $75.00 for these flowers, and, they sent a completely different arrangement than I ordered. When calling to ask about it, they were so rude!\n\nYou've got many choices for florists....keep your hard earned cash for another one because these people do not appreciate your business & they do NOT fill orders as you place them. They do whatever they want to do! They used cheap lilies....this is not a funeral arrangement, it's a celebration arrangement!!
"""ZERO stars!\nI traveled from STL to SFO a few weeks ago (with a layover in PHX). I have a couple complaints;\nOne, I was checking 2 pieces of luggage in STL. One ended up being 14lbs. over weight (it was a cooler with food I bring home each year from my dad). I was charged an additional $90 on top of the $35 initially for the cooler to ship (including the $25 for my first bag- so $150 total)! This is an OUTRAGEOUS additional charge! I thought overweight bags were charged an additional $25 like other airlines I've had to pay at but $120 to ship one bag is just insane (and a set price for overweight bags is NOT listed on your website)! On top of that I paid $250 for a pet ticket so my baggage fees were $400 total... $100 more than my round trip ticket to fly. I couldn't believe that!\nOn another note, the woman agent helping me at STL was the most rude customer service agent I've ever dealt with anywhere! She was rude to me about the overweight baggage and then claimed my dog was too tall to fit in her carrier so she claimed she wouldn't allow her to fly. She raised he voice at me and called me \a very inhumane person\"""" for making a dog ride like that for a whole flight; seriously making me cry. I fly all over the country to do shows with my dog and this has never been a problem, including on the first leg of my trip when I bought the round trip dog ticket in SFO. This woman name-calling was totally inappropriate... people in line beside me were astonished. Since I had my round trip dog ticket purchased already, and she was sick of fighting with me over it, she let me go but told me the gate person probably wouldn't let me on the flight (and of course the gate person did).\nBetween the dog crate episode and the bags, I have never been treated so poorly and charged with such ridiculously high adage fees. I'm very disappointed to not be able to fly US Air anymore since I never had problems with them in the past. It was a horrible way to end a very nice holiday vacation.\nI have passed the word on to as many people and websites as possible not to fly this airline!"""""""
The contrarian review... from an espresso purists perspective.\n\nIn my desperate search to find espresso near my hotel (which I think is old downtown, but I get confused easily) I put this place on my list.\n\nTo their credit, when I ordered a ristretto con panna, the barista thought she knew what I meant. I clarified, which is fine, and she went about making it. However, it wasn't drinkable. I got it to stay so I could enjoy it if it was decent, so I had to drink some while the barista watched, but I couldn't get it all down, even with 3 sugars (did that make sense to anyone?). I don't think it's even good enough to make a decent latte, either, so I won't be back.\n\nOn the other paw, they were playing some Flyleaf, so the music is good.
dont be from out of town & leave anything in there worth anything!! i went with mom to kill time & had a detail which they did do a GREAT job!! BUT when i got home they put all my belonging from my vehicle in a trash bag in trunk w mats etc minus a NEW cologne i had on back of seat rest!! this was mon 6/11 i called em tues and they took my number & beat around the bush told me to call today!! well theyre offering me more services, (which is cool but NOT my cologne & i DONT need any more services i obvisiously can pay for my own)  but not to pay for my cologne??? wtf really... they said theyre NOT responsible for items lol so if u want to get robbed go there... glad the thief left my rose gold watch i had in there worth $1k+ & just jacked my cologne!! so please be careful i used them before no problem but i'm not a negative dude but dont like being taken advantage of...  like id try to get a free cologne which a had jus bought a week ago!!!!! SUPER STAR CROOKS CAR WASH i will file with BBB toooooooooo. guess employees are NEVER accountable??? customers are LIARS is there policy!!! plus he gladly took a tip. so cash & a new Gucci Guilty cologne yeah buddy
"""Thanks God for plans with no contracts! This will be one thing I miss about TMobile BUT, with no regrets, I AM NOW A VERIZON WIRELESS CUSTOMER AGAIN! WOO HOO! 7 years later, that is... \n\nAlright, so the MAJOR issue I had with TMobile is either their phones or network suck! I don't care at this point to find out which one it was as I am happily back with Verizon. I got mislead a million times by customer service because they wanted me to stay with a windows based operating phone for some reason. Either way, something was not right and they couldn't resolve my issue over a 2 year span worth of my patience! That's ridiculous in itself! \n\nSo If you have a few minutes, I'll tell you all a little story. Go ahead, grab a snack and an ice cold refreshment and take a seat. I'll wait for you to get back... \n\n2 years ago I had a phone that was giving me problems. I had had that phone for about a year. After a couple of replacement phones, they recommended I upgrade; especially for what I mainly needed my phone for (I do Real Estate, need web access, etc.) and I needed to catch up with the times anyhow so I was cool with that. I ended up getting the most expensive phone they had at the time (HTC Touch Pro 2). Cool phone when it worked but I ended up going thru 5 master resets and 8 (YES, I SAID EIGHT!) replacement phones in one year! And the crappy part is, they had just come out with the HTC HD2 a month after I bought that phone and it was a million times better AND about $100 cheaper!!! Were they gonna tell me this?! NO! Would they let me swap phones because I was an awesome, very patient and one of their coolest customers? HELL NO!! I was stuck with a crappy phone and all the problems it had for over a year before I had to threaten to leave! FINALLY, they upgraded me to the HD2. And guess what??? Yep, again, you guessed it... After a month of trying it out, it started up again. The problems were continuing and they wanted to do the replacement thing. All the customer service people were astonished by the encyclopedia size notes that were noted on my account for the past 2+ years yet they can never manage to satisfy my cellular needs :( The Loyalty Dept (aka: Retention Dept) was the worst! Supposedly they have magical powers and can make things all better so that everyone's happy again! Nope, they would insult me with crappy offers that would make the average person wanna strangle their necks thru the phone! Not to mention that for the last few months I was with them, it would take (and this is no exaggeration) a minimal of 45 minutes on hold before I could get to someone! DID THEY KNOW I WAS CALLING AGAIN?!?!?! 45 effin minutes!!! MINIMUM!!! \n\nThe best solution they had was for me to upgrade AGAIN to a Android operating system (thanks for the late recommendation, 2 years later!) phone with a 2 year contract when I was on a month to month plan. With all the issues I was having and problems I went thru and inconveniences, etc, I voted against that thought. If I was to sign another contract, it was not going to be thru them! I was not going to be \TRAPPED\"""" for 2 years after what I wen thru. 7 years of my loyalty down the drain because this is how like to show loyal customers they are appreciative. \n\nI love my Droid X! It does everything I ever wanted and more! Thanks Verizon! \n\nThe End \n\n***Da Bafroom: They ain't nun heya"""""""
Came here last month with my boyfriend for some sandwiches.  Such...a...disappointment.  As someone who frequents Mill Ave and all of its shops/restaurants/bars often, I often walk past In Season Deli and it's rarely even open.  I thought we had lucked out when we actually saw two people in there so we strolled in.\n\nWe asked for two turkey sandwiches with the works and he also asked for a side of pasta salad.  Now there was only one older woman making the sandwiches, but it literally took about 20 minutes to get our food.  There was literally a fly swirling around their display case of their pastas, puddings, etc.  The lights in the case were blinking the whole time, made it very unappealing.  \n\nNot sure if this is a good thing or a bad thing, but they didn't even have any of their tables or chairs pulled out for customers, (maybe there weren't any yet that day?) so one of the employees pulled them all out for us and turned the misters on which was enjoyable.\n\nThe sandwiches were nothing special.  Something you would expect to see in a 2nd grader's brown bag lunch.  Regular wheat bread, oscar meyer brand turkey, one piece of lettuce, soggy tomato, mayo, and mustard.  His pasta salad had a film on it from being old, he didn't touch it.  Their sign actually fell off the wall as we tossed our food, it was priceless.\n\nReally wouldn't be surprised if this place closes down.
"""Vile megastripmall of the future. No wonder H&M wouldn't settle down here despite so many chicken sacrifices from cheapskates who would love an alternative for cheap officewear cut to fit actual human beings (suck it Target and Old Navy boxpeople). \n\nThere's not much more that can be said about how poorly planned the parking and store layout is, all the other One Star Crew reviewers have nailed the relevant points. \n\nThe biggest gripe I have about this place is that it is in an area where I need to shop. \n\nDriving out to other \outlying\"""" Targets, Petsmarts, etc, is a pain in the ass so there I go to Tempe Marketplace again! Being such a typically lazy American consumer pigdog and resorting to the last resort fills me with the sort of self-loathing usually reserved for bikini season or high school yearbook viewings."""""""
Gross! I got a combo platter of chicken curry. On the menu it had a red pepper next to it, meaning to signify that it was spicy, but the curry was extremely bland, and it looked like greasy water. I assume that it is because they have such a thin curry that the dish was served in a cup-shaped fried egg roll wrapper. Not only was the sauce a disappointment, but the chicken was extremely fatty. \n\nThe fact that it was a combo platter meant that I also received side dishes... First of all, their fried rice has no egg or veggies in it, so it's just soy sauce-soaked salty rice. The egg roll was okay, although it was the heaviest egg roll I've ever encountered, since it was primarily fried wrapper around meager contents. There was also a side of horribly MSG-laden lo-mein. Finally there were two buffalo wings which I never got to because by that point I was not really wanting to eat any more of their food offerings.\n\nFirst bad meal out I've had in a long time (food-wise, anyway... at least the staff was pleasant). Maybe they have other foods that they are better at making? I don't know, and won't be back to find out!
"""Totally agree with the other reviewers about Einstein's being overpriced. A small coffee alone costs $1.91 after tax and adding cream cheese to a bagel costs more than the bagel itself. Sure, the bagels are pretty good, but this is Mesa, not New York City.\n\nMy real beef with this place, though, is the customer service. Although there are always plenty of people behind the counter, I have waited numerous times in a line that reaches the door. On my visit this morning, I saw a customer walk in, see the line, and turn right back around. Also on my visit today, I tried using a coupon for a \free bagel thin with light shmear.\"""" The picture in-store advertised the bagel thin with pink cream cheese and my kids were excited to get their bagel with strawberry cream cheese (which is also listed as one of their reduced-fat options, which means \""""light,\"""" right?) When I ordered this, however, I was told that this was not possible because corporate is only allowing them to use ONE kind of light shmear for this promotion. Even the general manager refused to make a substitution, while watching my 3-year-old cry with disappointment (I know, it's a little thing, but come on, he's 3.) So congratulations, Einstein's at Gilbert & Baseline. You've just made a customer never want to return over your refusal to substitute 2 tablespoons of cream cheese. Do you think that's what corporate had in mind?"""""""
"""Wow! I can't believe this place gets so many good reviews. \nI was hauled here once by co-workers looking for a cheap meal. But, how much value does your lunch dollar have when you don't even want to eat the food? Dry and sticky rice; \white meat chicken\"""" unidientifiable as such, and a sweet glaze that provided the only flavor. Quite frankly, it was disgusting, and none of the dishes my co-workers had looked any better (though they seemed to be fine with them). I should know to stay away from restaurants that have pictures of their menu items on the wall. The one star is only for the fast and friendly service."""""""
This is hands down the worst Pizza I have ever had. I had to go to Nello's after hearing my boss rave about it. I went on a Saturday night; the place was about 20% full. I ordered a sausage, onion and greenpepper thin crust. My first clue that this experience was taking a turn for the worse was when the pizza arrived with the toppings on top of the cheese. Maybe that's why there was no taste. Not even the seasoned pepper's flakes could bring this pie to life. The sausage was nasty. In summary, Nello's was brutal.
"""Possibly the worst pizza and wings I have ever had! Ok, listen, I know Iarrived about 5 min before they closed their kitchen but I called about 15 min earlier and phoned my order for pickup. This still doesn't excuse them for selling crap. The pizza was super thin with virtually no sauce or crust. I know NY pizza is kinda supposed to be thin but \common man\""""! Even the ingredients were terrible. Low quality bread cheese n pepperoni. I really honestly feel that a Tony's frozen pizza from the super market would have been better. The wings were overcooked, sauceless and very very salty. The only reason I did not take this stuff back is because they were about 4 miles away and my brother n I were very hungry. I come from Los Angeles and I have only been in AZ for a little over 1 month but so far my experience with pizza hasn't been great. This place should be ashamed to serve the crap they do. I never even write reviews good or bad but they got me to actually write one. I would have rated negative stars if I could... SMFH!! I will neva, eva, evaevaevaevaevaevaevaeva.... come here again! Go to Oregano's instead. It's like night and day even though you have to wait forever, it's well worth it."""""""
"""OVERPRICED & DECEITFUL & RUDE!\n\nI should have read the reviews before I came here! I took a bridesmaid dress in to have the top taken in like 1/4 inch, not much. I asked her, how much will this cost? She assured me it would not be \much\"""". It was $60 and she hardly did a thing, can't even steam it there. I was irate but calmly asked her if she could charge less and she screamed NO! She said it's because the dress cost more. Yeah...like that matters A guy was there dropping off pants that needed taken OUT which is a lot more work, she charge him $18.50 for each pair. I don't know if that is good for pants a lot but her pricing scale seems way off!\n\nPreviously I've been to 5th Avenue Alterations and they charge me $50 for a floor length brdiesmaid dress that they took in the whole thing AND steamed it. They're also polite and will work with you on pricing and communicate with you beforehand. Definitely worth the few extra minutes of a drive!!"""""""
After reading all the other reviews of this place I have determined one thing. You all were obviously on crack when you ate here. Or maybe they gave you crack when you ate here...either way my experience was not the same.\n\nWent at about 4:00 on a Saturday, not a busy time for a restaurant so I wasn't scared away when we were the only ones in the entire place, next time, I'll make sure to think twice.\n\nThey started us off with chips and salsa, and I'm rather shocked that no one has mentioned their chips are a total fail. Salsa was decent, but the chips were an assortment of sweet potato chips, stale blue corn chips, sweet fried chips (sugar and everything), and stale normal tortilla chips. All in one bowl. If they weren't stale, the blue corn and normal chips would have paired nicely with the salsa. But rubbery sweet potato (don't get me wrong, I like sweet potato)  and sugar coated with salsa? Really?\n\nWe decided that we were going to order an appetizer and then a meal to split, and I love a good artichoke-anything so I ordered the artichoke dip. When it came out (like 20 minutes later) I had to ask them if they brought us the right dish. It was a bowl of queso and no matter how hard I searched, there was not an artichoke to be found. They didn't bring us any other chips to go with it, and let me tell you, sweet potato chips and queso don't go so great together. To make it worse, the menu said it was $6.99 but they charged us $7.79, if it was good I wouldn't have cared so much about $0.80 as I do.\n\nI thought a good beef fajita dish with a cup of chicken tortilla soup would be a safe bet, but they couldn't even do that right. They brought out corn and flour tortillas with the fajitas. Word of advice, if they ask you which you prefer save yourself the trouble and get the flour. The corn ones were so wet that they literally tore to shreds when I tried to peel them off each other. There wasn't a whole lot of beef in the beef fajitas either, and what was there was lacking in good flavor. And for the soup, Half Moon Sports Grill makes a better tortilla soup than this place...and they're a sports grill. \n\nOverall, food was bad. Service was very slow considering we were the only ones there, and I would never, ever eat here again. Did I mention they didn't give us silverware? We had to go steal it off another table.
In an effort to start on a positive note, I will say that this place has a nice atmosphere. It's a very open space and I could see myself enjoying a beer on the patio during happy hour...if only the happy hour prices were desirable enough to prompt a return visit.\n\nThis is not a place you want to visit with intent to enjoy Vietnamese food as it is overpriced and for lack of better words...gross. The roll we ordered for an appetizer was okay, but the serving size was shameful considering the price, and the peanut sauce I requested on the side was very watery. Pho was the man dish, and it wasn't any better. In fact, it was worse. And with fake meat and funky flavor, it was left unfinished.\n\nIt makes me sad to think that someone may have their first Vietnamese dining experience here and potentially never eat it again as a result. I hope the owners consider sprucing up their recipes, or if nothing else dropping the 2nd half of their name, so that patrons visiting with the intent to dine on Vietnamese Cuisine won't be left disappointed.
"""My thought: \someone rescue me from the rude, crazy behemoth lady!!!\""""\n\nI guess I should start from the beginning. I am in a time crunch and starving, and remembered that Wendy's is usually pretty solid when it comes to burgers. I decide to go to the drive thru.\n\nLady: \""""HEEEELOOOO!!!\""""\nMe: :\""""umm..hi, I need just a minute\""""\nLady: (heavy breathing and a grunt) \""""fine\""""\n\nI'm pondering and decide on the Swiss Jr Bacon and 5pc Chicken nuggets and order.\n\nMe: \""""Ma'am?\""""\nLady: \""""YES\""""\nMe: \""""I would like the chicken nuggets and the Jr bacon swiss\""""\nLady: \""""Next window\""""\n\nWow...I wonder what this broad looks like. My guess was something mean and ape-looking. I prepare to have the food thrown in my lap and arrive at the window. The lady just sticks her hand out of the window. I guess she want my debit card. I hand it to her. Nothing. She says nothing! Hands me the food. I ask if she had included Ranch (for my chicken nuggets). \""""No, I don't think so\"""". Well CAN I EFFING HAVE SOME RANCH...Puhlease!!!?!\n\nAfter all that, I wanted to take my chicken nuggets and burger and throw them in her face. It may have made her look better. Grrr..."""""""
Why bother? My only question I have for the owners of this place. \n  Out of pale ale, out of IPA, doesn't offer growlers to take out their beer, employees could care less if you were in there (and we were the only ones in there). Cute Marketing approach with all the Dog names, Dog bone shaped platters to hold the tester beers and TV with rotating dog photos....but you forgot to MAKE the BEER for people to buy and drink!!\nWho runs out of Pale Ale and IPA?  \nSorry but I think we will soon be calling this place Dead Dog Brewery.
"""God damn this place, another hype restaurant. Let me tell you, I showed up 12 minutes after the opening of business hours, I walk in & the F'n staff isn't saying anything to me, just walking back & forth. Finally I stare down some lady, she looks at me & says \were at capacity, you need to come back in 3.5 - 4 hours if you want to eat\"""" You know what, I don't care how F'n great this place is supposed to be, because that is not good practice, it's ridiculous & any moron who waits that long for food is F'd up in the head!!!! You want good Italian food in Phx.? You aint gonna find it here, because once you drive west of the Mississippi you lose the ethnic flavor & rich history of real Italian food, where you can achieve four star worthy dining at many local neighborhood eateries on a poor man's budget without the hype..."""""""
I'm done with this place.  We went here last year and 2 days later I got a call from my CC company that my number was compromised and I was able to narrow it down to this place.  We tried to go here last Friday but gave up after having to listen to the manager and bartender argue with a customer about his takout order.  I can't stand restaurants that argue with customers.  There are far too many burger spots popping up around town to deal with these guys.
I went here to buy some pan de sal and empanadas and they were horrible! The pan de sol tasted like it was made dayyyyyyys ago, not fresh at all. The empanadas looked like like they were going to taste good, but the crust was so hard! I had to break it off to get to a decent part I could actually chew, but after a few bites I spit it out. Yes, it was that bad. I will never go back here again.
"""Worst. Mexican. Place. Ever. \n\nThis was the most over-priced, crappy food I have ever eaten in the Phoenix area. \n\nWhen you walk in it looks legit and even smells pretty good due to the wood they use to smoke some of their chicken. Once I opened the menu, I could not believe it. I think the cheapest dinner item was over $16. I tried the carnitas, a Mexican staple and something I usually enjoy. Not this time. In one word BLAND. No seasoning whatsoever. No salt. No pepper. No lime. Nothing at all to make this meat taste decent. It was tender, I will give them that, but it was more like jello than pork. The texture was pretty gross. We also had to pay extra to get tortillas with the carnitas. Who the hell does not serve tortillas WITH their carnitas? Seriously....\n\nThe black beans were okay, the only part of the meal I could actually stomach. The rice was crunchy and bland. The salsa was bland and watery. Also, no refills on the salsa... Cheap bastards charge me over $16 for BLAND CRAP and cannot even fill up my salsa for free?\n\nThe service was bad, slow and aloof. \n\nI would rather eat at one of the \bertos\"""" instead of this crap hole. Honestly, save yourself the money and find another Mexican joint. I am in shock that this place has customers.  Not even deserving of one star. That bad."""""""
"""My wife and I flew from upstate NY to San Juan PR for our cruise.  \n\nOur flight from Albany NY left at 5:15am.  We are constantly bombarded with:  \Get to the airport 90 minutes before departure!\"""".  We got there at exactly at 3:45am and....just a big line of people waiting.  Evidently US air doesn't open until 4am.  There were 3 US Air flights that morning, all before 5:30!  How about organization of US airways?  How about opening ON TIME!??!\n\nThen we got to Philadelphia.  Checked the gate number on the big board.  Gate A21. Had to take a bus to a terminal A.  Checked the gate number on the big board again.  Gate A21.  As we are walking to our gate (15 minute walk), I hear something about a San Juan, US air gate change.  Check the gate number on the big board again.  Find out it's B33.  Which is a 20 minute walk in the other direction!\n\nGet to B33 and it's a zoo.  Evidently other people magically got the memo that it's B33, not A21.  I'm in shape but I nearly ran for 30 minutes with heavy carryons and just made the initial boarding call.  Had I walked, i would've missed the flight.  How about US Airways giving connecting passengers some notice?!??!  I nearly missed this flight!\n\nThen I hear some announcement about an aircraft change and the flight being overbooked and offering a $300 credit for your next flight with US airways.  And then moans and groans.  Then I can't hear the rest of the announcement.   Followed by passengers getting confused and angry (by their reactions).  \n\nThen it's a game of \""""Broken Telephone\"""" as the message spreads:  The new aircraft is smaller.  It was supposed to be 8 seats per row, now the new aircraft is only 6.  So whoever has \""""G\"""" and \""""H\"""" seats are BUMPED.  Frantically get our boarding passes out and it's \""""A\"""" and \""""B\"""".  If I had a G or H seat, I don't make my flight, I don't make my cruise.  The people next to us are furious.  They have G and H seats.  Felt really bad for them.  \n\nAbsolute chaos at gate B33 in PHL ensues!!!  (I should've taken video!).  People yelling and SCREAMING at US airways staff.  About 60 people just had their vacations ruined.\n\nPositives were that they didn't call out zones:  just as long as you didn't have a G or H seat, you were golden.  And they didn't offer the credit card with 40,000 on the flight either.  I guess the pilots knew that everyone was a bit miffed because we were 30 minutes late coming out of the gate and magically got there in time.\n\nNegatives about US airways (other than above):  No on-flight entertainment.  They had TV's because that's how they did the safety instructions.  But no TV, no movies.  I knew they had them because it started for a couple of seconds (30 Rock) but THEY SHUT THEM OFF!  No Satellite radio either!!!  THEY SHUT THEM OFF AFTER PULLING OUT OF THE GATE and NEVER TURNED THEM ON DURING FLIGHT!  We know that you want to charge us, but come on!\n\nBTW, we got to San Juan and there were about 60 pissed off passengers there because the same thing was going on the return flight back to Philly.  \n\nEPIC FAIL"""""""
"""Salty Senorita sucks.\n\nI suspect this is true for all locations, but this one in particular really blew. I used to work across Inverness from this joint and my coworkers and I occasionally went here for super-mega-overpriced happy hour. Seriously, 6pm drink prices were so gnarly that I am loathe to imagine reg libation costs.\n\nI think the worst part of this dive - beyond the so-so not-really-Mexican food and the awkward atmosphere - is the unreasonably uncomfortable service. I ordered a double vodka on the rocks and the squeamish server-ette came a whisker away from denying me. \Are you sure you don't want, like, a Washington Apple or something?\"""" Baby girl, if I wanted a Washington Apple, I would let you know. Give me my Belvedere on ice, please. After some argument, she brought me my drink - and charged it to a complete stranger's tab.\n\nNow I don't mind a man occasionally picking up a few drinks, so long as he's at peace with the fact that I am (or was) an expensive drunk. However, this guy had no intention of buying me any drinks, and rather than quash an incredibly awkward situation, the waitress simply told me, \""""Well, I already put it on his tab. Maybe you can buy him a drink to even it out?\"""" Lovely suggestion, but way to not have any regard for the social discomfort you've caused me.\n\nBeyond that run-in, this place is just a nightmare. It takes way too long and costs far too much to maintain a decent buzz, and in the meantime you're not even filling up space with decent appetizers. Don't  even bother."""""""
We stopped in on a Friday night so I would not have to cook. I ordered the Roasted Turkey dinner with stuffing, mashed potatoes and cranberry. What they brought me was awful!! The first bite I had was a really  bad tasting meat with a greenish/yellow gravy. I had to spit it out in my napkin. The waitress was extremely nice and so was the manager and they did take it off of my bill, but I would have to say there is nothing homemade about this family restaurant. It was obvious that everything was from a can. The cost of our bill was too high for the quality of food. Unfortunately, I would not recommend this place and we won't be coming back. It is really a shame that there isn't a good neighborhood restaurant in this area where someone can get some home cooking. I never expected it be gourmet, but seriously...this bad?
This place was a total waste of time.  My friend and I did a long bike ride, and found ourselves craving burgers.  We considered our options, and decided to go with Five Guys because it was close to my house, would give us  a chance to check out Cityscape, and our president famously ate there shortly after taking up residence in the White House.  I am SO not impressed.  I ordered the little burger, which is a single patty, and the fries.  I got way too many fries, and there wasn't any ranch dressing evident into which I could dip them.  So, I was not inclined to eat my fries at all.  The burger was ok.  The big sacks of potatoes in the middle of the restaurant was not appealing (pun intended).  The place was noisy; the music was too loud for conversation.  And the Cityscape development is lame.
Need more front office staff! Horrible customer service both on the phone and in person.  Both my appointments were 30-60mins late. One of my appointments they told me they were running about 1 hour behind. One person waiting told me that he was waiting 1 hour for just to get heartworm medicine. Everyone waiting seems really annoyed and you can tell they have been waiting a long time or they have not even been helped at all.  \nMy 2nd appointment I refused to wait 1 hour past MY appointment time. I told the front office lady that I was not able to wait. She was very smug with me and told me there was nothing she could do. So I walked out. \nMy first appointment my dog need to get some stitches out so whisked her away leaving me in the waiting area and in 2 mins brought her back and said they took them out saying everything looks good. There was no talking to the veterinarian. Is the veterinarian even looking at my dog??? I dont care how small my dogs cut is Im paying you $300 for all my visits and for a VET! Especially running a hour behind yup dont think she looked at him. I was really annoyed. \nThe staff seems like they over book patients (obviously) and I see all the parents in the waiting area. Doesnt seem to be any use of the exam rooms or interaction much with the veterinarian from what I see. \nI am disappointed  because this vet is close to the home but I much rather drive twice as far to have a on time appointment with a nicer more personable staff. \nI DO NOT recommend Banfield Hospital especially the one in Surprise. \nI will def be finding a nice neighborhood vet!
"""SHADY! SHADY! SHADY!!!!!\nMy friends car broke down and it was towed there. They were supposed to diagnose thye problem. They told her the alternator was bad and it would be $600 to replace it. The next day they called her back and said it would be $800. Thinking it was really high she asked my advice. I told her to call the place I go to. My mechanics quote was half the price. She informed Greulich`s that the car would be towed to a different shop to have the repair done. They told her the car was \in pieces\"""" and it would be $400 to put it back together. She found the part online and they will install it for $250. How is $250 to install an alternator but $400 to put the car back together for her to take it to another shop?!\nDon`t let these guys near your vehicle!"""""""
"""This place sucks.  I didn't even go to the concert I had purchased tickets for - because I had really just wanted to see the opening act.  \n\nUnfortunately for me, the opening acts changed and I was never notified- even though I had purchased the tickets via the website and they had my email address.  The night of the concert I realized the band I wanted to see wasn't playing and basically- the people at the box office told me \tough shit\"""".  I talked to someone on the phone, and after the woman I spoke to treated me like crap, I went to the venue and another woman at the will call window treated me like crap too.\n\nThey both cut me off, told me too bad and recited something like \""""you bought the tickets for the headliner, not the opening act\"""".  Which very well may be true, but their attitude sucked.  It sucked so bad, I would NEVER GO BACK.  Not even if Madonna played there and it was her last concert ever.\n\nAnd I love Madonna.  Luckily for me, I contacted the band I wanted to see on myspace, and the band Manager emailed me back right away letting me know they would put me on the guest list for any concert I wanted to see them at."""""""
I would never visit this location again. \n\nThere meat portions are horrible. It is like they are being paid to skimp on the meat serving. Each time I have gone, you have to order double meat just to get a full scoop. \n\nI like Chipotle, and this is convenient for me which is why I have gone, but after this most recent visit I will drive to a different location even if it is further for more quality.\n\nAlso, they are always backed up with a long line.\n\nI would recommend the Alma School location. They are fast, food is much better portioned, and staff has always been friendly.
"""So, I have been to Pearl a few times now. The first time, it was ok, nothing spectacular but I liked the prices. The 2nd time- horrible. The spicy tuna roll tasted very strong, like fish that was NOT fresh at all. The other rolls we got were falling apart. The service was crappy.\nWelllll, I decided to give it another try because I had a certificate from restaurants.com for there. So, I grab 2 of my friends and we head that way. We sit down, one friend goes to the restroom. I am sitting with a friend from Chicago who has never been there so she has no idea what they are about. A girl walks over with the 3 menus they have (sushi, appetizers, and drink menus). This girl HAS TO BE either drunk or stoned... She asks if we have been there before and I let her know I had but my friend was new. She then says that she is just helping, not our waitress, and if our waitress doesn't explain the menu, I can....what???! So, she wants ME to explain the menu to my friend??? Weird. Anyway, finally our server comes, we order 2 miso soups and an edaname. The stoned girl who is \helping\"""" brings 1 soup and the edaname. I politely say that we had an extra soup when she had a chance...She then looks at me strangely and asks \""""Did you order it with your server?\""""....Really??? So, we order our food, one friend orders a beer. The beer comes out with ice in it?? The food comes....horrible. The fish is very strong again. I got yellowtail and it was very mushy and tasted suuuper fishy. My friend had a shrimp tempura roll that fell apart everytime she dipped in soy. I couldn't even eat mine... finally we want the bill. Server is no where to be found until we see her chatting with another table. Fine, thats her job to be friendly...15 minutes later we ask the bartender if we can get our tab and he acts like we are being jerks. Moral of the story...Pearl Sushi, I gave u 3 chances... thats enough. Get some fresh fish... I know your menu is cheap, but I'd rather pay more for good fish. Also, get some servers who are a little more professional and experienced. And do some drug tests while you are at it."""""""
I walked in and I was immediately digusted by this place. Want a crap load of peanuts? No seriously, when you walk in there is a huge bushel of peanuts, and you can get as much as you want! Done with the shells? Just leave them on the table then brush them aside. The end result? A restaurant with peanut shells all over the place. Actually, to be quite honest, I'm being a little harsh here. I thought it was cool that they did this unlimited free peanuts thing, but it was like they were trying to compensate for something else.\n\nWell, when I got my food I figured out what they were trying to compensate for. The salad and 'breadsticks' were just plain bad. However, I didn't really expect much. I was actually hoping my wings would be good and that the salad was just a side. The wings are nothing special at all. I thought the 'El Hefe' wings were somewhat decent, but I don't think I could have more than a half-dozen of those. Hot wings? What hot wings? I thought I ordered some, but maybe the waiter got confused. I got some cold wings with red sauce on them, they tasted 'vinegary' and that's about all.\n\nTo be fair, the service was pretty good and the server was friendly. She was helping us make decisions since it was our first time, but the food was cold on multiple occasions. A previous reviewer mentioned gorgeous staff... Not quite sure why you would prefer that instead of good food, go to a strip club? Maybe if the food was hot it could be different, but I really doubt it since the recipes here are just way off the mark.\n\nThere is really nothing special about this place. The wings are over priced for what you get, and there is better stuff available 5 minutes away from here. I love wings, and I've been trying so hard to find a good wing place in Phoenix, but I think my search continues for the time being.
Just when you think it couldn't get any worse! I too went back after I got down the road and realized they missed half the car and there was still bird shit on the window. They were first argumentative and said I should have purchased an upgraded wash if I really wanted a better job than what I got. They said they would redo it giving me a premium wash for no additional cost. I didn't get to excited about the upgrade since this was a 2010 Mercedes and still looked like new on the inside. All I wanted  was a clean exterior. Imagine the horror of getting to the pick up area and finding that they put amorall or a like kind of  dressing all over the dash, speaker grills, vents and door hardware. When I went back to the entry area for now the third time they insisted that they gave me this special treatment as part of their premium wash. I insisted that they remove it and they sent another guy in with a scubbing pad and some unknown solution.  When finished I had a blotchy colored dash with shiny looking areas all over the hard to get to areas. When I talked to the guy that said he was the manager he said he would check with his supplier the following week and see if he could get something to clean up the mess. He said he would call back a week ago. Still no call and a $50,000 car that looks like crap thanks to these people. It's too bad they don't  have a minus five selection here. This is a good place to send anybody that you really dislike.
Horrible management. Lady cashier didn't give me my change . When I  asked about it she said she couldn't remember was her reply. I asked for a Manager. The rudest lady ever she said no way was i gonna get my change, until closing. Manager refused said it's store policy.  I waited for a hour until finally they counted the register found my extra change rudely gave me my change and gave no apology. Rudest people ever i will go to a bigger chain store next time.
I really hate giving places 1 star reviews, but in this case, it was very well deserved.  We came here around 10 or so and the place was pretty much full, and by full, I mean all 10 or so of their tables were occupied.  Fortunately, there were tables outside, so we grabbed one despite the clouds looming overhead.  \n\nWe sat there for a little while and enjoyed the cooler weather and perused the menus.  I was immediately turned off after noticing that almost everything on the menu contains onions.  Of course you can just ask for them to be removed, but for many people, they simply won't order something because of that.  We sat there for a while and the waitress finally came back to take our drink order, but specifically said we couldn't order our meal yet.  WTF, we're ready, and this is already taking long enough.  When she comes back out, entirely too much later, I ordered the starter which is two eggs, toast, and hashbrowns.  \n\nOnce our order was put in, we didn't see the waitress for another 30 minutes.  This is unacceptable for breakfast.  I was watching the window like a hawk and noticing the awfully slow rate at which food was going out to tables who were there well before we were.  The clouds decided to have some fun with us and began raining.  It got progressively worse until two of the outside tables went inside and stood, waiting for their food.  You'd think they would maybe expedite the food or something.  We stuck it out for about 5 more minutes and then gave up, realizing our food was never coming out.  We paid for the chocolate milk, and left.  The sad thing was, they didn't even do anything to rectify the situation.\n\nThis place is an absolute joke.  If you cannot handle the business you are receiving with the staff you have on hand, you need to hire more.  Not only that, but they need better servers.  The couldn't care less attitude of this place is pathetic.  I don't blame them one bit for the raining, and I certainly don't blame them one bit for being busy.  I do blame them for being careless and quite frankly, terrible at their jobs.\n\nI kid you not, we went next door to the Filiberto's and got breakfast in less time than it took for us to even get our drinks.  Avoid Red Bird Cafe at all costs!
"""I forgot my bike lock and Gold's refused to let me park it in their large, empty lobby (despite the fact I have seen bikes parked there before).  The manager blamed it on GM, and when I asked to speak the GM of course he was \busy.\""""\n\nI know customer service is supposed to be awful at gyms, but Gold's really goes out of their way to be extra unhelpful.\n\n(*kudos to the young kid who they had folding towels that offered to watch my bike unlocked outside - very kind offer, but I didn't want to put a personal burden on him)"""""""
At first the experience was good. The rep at this company was very friendly and seemed to listen to our needs. After talking to them specifically about the type of dog we have (a Pitbull) and that many management companies don't accept them, we were assured that was not an issue with the property we were looking at. Even their own website said on that property listing (and others) there were no breed restrictions. However after turning in our non refundable app fee, they stated that due to the breed of our dog we were not able to obtain the house...They refused to refund the app fee (due to it not being refundable) even though they were in the wrong here...they told us before we applied that the dog was no issue..Also not only did they refuse to refund the app fee they didn't even offer to use the files or app fee we paid towards another property application. The manager there tried to tell my roommate that he sits next to his rep and he knows he never said anything like this...ya we wouldn't just make this up also the manager leaves by 5 i think if i remember correctly. Most of the calls we had with the rep were after 6pm. Be very cautious in using this company. I personally don't recommend them due to my experience with them.
"""I've been here once, and I will only go here once. I met my husband and some friends there after work sometime in February, when it was still cold enough at night to require jackets and outdoor heaters to sit outside. We were seated in a dark corner of the patio, where there were THREE portable heaters, none of which were turned on. We asked our ditzy, busty, DUMB waitress FOUR TIMES to turn them on, and she kept saying, \I'll have to ask someone to do it. I don't know how.\""""  I finally asked her WHO she had to ask, and she pointed to the dirty looking guys acting as bouncers at the gate, who apparently are the only ones in the joint authorized to turn on the heat lamps. Fine. I walked over to them and asked if we could get our heaters turned on, and the guy walked right over and did it for us. Took all of 30 seconds. \n\nOh, and it took about 45 minutes for our food to arrive, and when it did, several of the orders were messed up. And the waitress didn't care. And it wasn't that good. \n\nCan you tell I didn't really care for this place (note my frequent use of all-caps)? And yet it will continue on, because college students will continue to buy their beer and flaccid fries as long as ASU is there.\n\nAh well. We can't all have as refined taste as I.\n\nOK, as long as I'm in pretentious snob mode, I'd like to point out that one of the reviews of this establishment excuses the small oyster portions because \""""we're in a dessert.\"""" Um...stripper jumping out of a cake? Or do you really not know how to spell DESERT?\n\nYowza. I'm usually nicer."""""""
FIRST--this place does NOT serve authentic Chinese food. If you haven't had the opportunity to try authentic, then you might not know the difference. This is the WORST Chinese food that I have ever had...tasteless and greasy (be sure to bring your Tums or Rolaids).\n\nIf you want authentic, then go to the Gourmet House of Hong Kong on 16th St and McDowell (it's a real dive, but very authentic!) or have Dim Sum at the Great Wall at 35th Ave/Camelback (sadly, the Silver Dragon is gone...)\n\nYou'd be better off eating at Panda Express.
The food was okay, but it is way overpriced for what it is. The server was not very friendly, and she wasn't attentive.\n\nIf that wasn't bad enough, I ended getting FOOD POISONING from this place! When I called to let them know about it the next day, the hostess brushed it off and said that they never have gotten any complaints about food poisoning before. She didn't offer me anything; she didn't apologize.\n\nI already would never have returned to Sushi Brokers after the meal, but after realizing that this place gave me food poisoning, and after they were so nonchalant about it, I don't ever want to see or think of this place again!
"""BUYER BEWARE! I went to this florist instead of a big-internet \nflorist for a birthday gift last week.  I looked for someone who was close to where I wanted them delivered and looked at the website prior to investing time, looking at the possibilities of flower arrangements for our Mother. \n Sun City  Florists state they are family run and \Because all of our customers are important, our professional staff is dedicated to making your experience a pleasant one. That is why we always go the extra mile to make your floral gift perfect\"""".  Right.\nI felt they would honor  what is stated on the website to deliver a nice arrangement of flowers for a birthday gift.  I ordered a $43.00 arrangement and paid and a $14.00 delivery fee for a total of $57.00.\nWhen we got a call thanking us, mom made note of the arrangement, and she started describing it to me- She told us about the arrangement noting flower types in the arrangement I would NEVER have ordered!  \nWhen it didn't sound like the right kind of flowers (big, light-pink carnations which was most of the arrangement) had been sent, we asked her to send us a photograph. There were about  1/2 the amount of flowers that they actually used in the arrangement compared to the photograph online and it was so sloppy looking, I couldn't believe it.  \nI was horrified that was what they actually sent and couldn't believe they had the gall to charge us $43.00! This arrangement looked like something you could buy at a Safeway store for $9.99.  An ugly arrangement with big, light- pink carnations.\nWhen I called them to tell them how unhappy I was they told me that the time-frame for a guarantee was up.  I ordered these flowers on the 19th and they were delivered on the 20th of Oct.  That's less than a week ago and really beside the point. I told them I had photographs to show them how ridiculously off this arrangement was and they stated they had no email for me to send them the photos.  As a small high-end business owner in San Diego I would never treat our clients this Way!!!!!!  \nOf course the owner wasn't there and hasn't bothered to return a call. If this happened in my business and someone was as unhappy as we are, I would make sure to make it right somehow- I would have rather thrown my money out the window then have Sun City Forists send an ugly, sloppy, cheap looking arrangement to my mother.\nShame on them.  They made sure to tell me on the phone they have a good reputation -\nI don't know how if this is how they treat customers and overcharge for crap at the same time. NEVER AGAIN."""""""
If I could give Burger King no stars I would. I used to love BK but they are skimping so bad now on the quality of there food it tastes like complete crap. I used to stop here on the way home from work and have a double whopper and frys. I really looked forward to it but not anymore. There food went from juicy and good to dried out garbage. I kept going thinking maybe it was just a fluke but it wasnt. It never got back to being what it used to be. Its just disgusting. The flavor has changed, the texture has changed, everything else good has changed. I am done with BK for good. Jack in the Box is always good and you they have a great selection of food. I think I will stick to Jacks from now on.
The food is blah. I ate there for a long time just because it is the closest Asian restaurant, but really the food could be better.... OK, it could be a lot better. A long time ago, I used to love their frog legs, but now they are so bad I cant even tell you. The abundance of sauce ruined the crispiness of the frog legs. I was so disappointed!\n\nThey raised their prices by 50% or more on some dishes & sides. Some of the prices have almost doubled. For example, the small rice was $1. Now, it's $1.50 extra. The large was $2. Now, it's $3.50.  It is something stupid but still annoying.\n\nAlso, it is hard to order food from them over the phone... To tell you the truth I sometimes have trouble ordering food from them there because they dont seem to be able to communicate very well in English. And you always have to double check your order.\n\nThe food is inconsistent.  It's not great but it's food and still fairly inexpensive. I wont bother eating there again because their food keeps getting worse & worse. I have had 2 friends get sick from their food. Watch out for their chicken! My friend said he got undercooked chicken from this place.\n\nAlso, They wont give out copies of their to-go menu with the new prices on it. So you kinda just have to take their word for it on the new prices... It used to be a place we went often but it's getting to the point that I'm kinda just over this place.\n\nYah, the more I think about it, I'm way over this place.
"""Ok, first of all, when I got there this morning to pick up my lunch,  the guy behind the counter was hitting on the gal in front of me so hard.  He spent all of his time and smiles on her that by the time he got to my order, he had not an ounce of friendliness left.  He acted like he was doing me a favor, begrudgingly.  That in itself is nothing, I have lowered my expectations of customer service since this new generation of pimple popping orgy addicts got their work permits a few years ago.  However, when I got the foot-long turkey sammi back to my office, the half I chose for breakfast had a little good morning suprise. (I just threw up in my mouth a bit.)\nThey should change their slogan from \Eat Freash!\"""" to \""""Eat Some Complete Stranger's Hair, Then Gag and Lose Your Appetite Completely\"""".  I'll bet that is the real reason Jared lost all that weight.  \nNot happy Subway.  There is  a lovely Quiznos on Central and Camelback... They will serve my periodic sub sandwhich needs from now on.\nAND DON\""""T CALL ME MAAM YOU IDIOT!  And get your teeth cleaned! That yucky yellow stuff is called tartar and it can be removed."""""""
"""Long story short , these guys are crooks. Liars. Greedy. Their mothers would be (and probably are) ashamed. If you want , Skip to the last paragraph to spoil the story and find out what to expect when dealing with them.\n\nMy Experience\n\nI had brought my scooter in for a new intake , as mine had just fallen off while driving around town. I didn't think it was a big deal because I knew Performance Scooter was just down the road. \nI putted in and explained my situation to them.  I wanted to know my options. The guy working there told me my scooter was just a pile of crap , and I should buy one of his. And there was really only one option , a cheap knock off K&N filter that they will connect to a piece of rubber they chopped off some other intake that was laying around. For $80.00 installed. I thought this was a good deal , considering any mechanic knows if you change an intake on a motor you will have affected the air fuel mixture , and thus will need to jet the carburetor. I didn't want to spend the time jetting the carb my self , as it would be my first time for this carb/motor and I didn't have a good baseline to start. Also I had to be to work in about 1.5 hours. I accepted the deal.\n  The guy working there told me he had just crashed pretty hard on a scooter and had broken some ribs. So he needed me to install the intake , because he could hardly move. I bolted on the parts he had given me.\n\There! Its going to run much better , and way faster now!\""""  The man said.\n\""""What about all these disconnected , lose , vacuum lines that are just dangling now? What about the jetting? And the cotton air filter is dry , it needs to be oiled!\"""" I replied.\nHis response \""""It doesn't need oil , it doesn't need jetting. Its much better off now.\"""" I argued with him another few minutes , and decided I would leave , and try it out. \""""Maybe scooters are much more simple\"""" , I thought , and went on my way , as I was becoming late for work. \nInstantly I noticed the scooter was running poorly. I used to be able to reach 70mph , and now its topping out at 35 , and its taking forever to even get to 35. I got to work late. That evening after work the scooter would not start.\nI called a friend and trucked the scooter home. In the morning the scooter still would not start. I trucked the scooter back to Performance Scooter. They told me they would look at it and get back to me. \n5 days later they called and said \n\""""I don't know how much money you wanna put into this thing, but you can just buy a new one from me. Otherwise you are looking at $400.00 and I don't even know if that is going to fix it.\"""" \nI told him screw it. Leave it outside and ill pick it up when i get off work. I called my friend again , and trucked the scooter home. I could tell they had actually worked on it. The vacuum lines were all connected , at least. \nI gave up on my little scooter. I bought a new scooter (NOT from Performance Scooter!).\n6 months or so pass. My old scooter is sitting , collecting dust , and spider webs. I had a few days off , and figured I would start messing with the old scooter , kill some time and when its all fixed ill have an extra scoot for a buddy. I crouch down to get a better look at things and found it.\n\nA SURGICAL CLAMP ON MY FUEL LINE!!!! I removed the clamp and tried the starter. IT FIRED RIGHT UP. THE FIRST TRY , AFTER SITTING FOR 6 MONTHS!!!\nThey put a clamp on the fuel line so my carburetor would not get gas , and my scooter would not run so that I would pay them more for extra \""""repairs\""""!! I was shocked! Angry! After all the trouble I went through. For nothing but GREED!\nShame on Performance Scooter. These guys should be in jail."""""""
"""I swear the \four assed monkey\"""" from South Park is in charge of this place.\n\nWhen you have customers in front of you waiting on a pizza that's been sitting, here's a hint, HANG UP THE PHONE AND DEAL WITH THE PEOPLE WAITING TO GET THEIR FOOD!\n\nWe were there on the evening of May 7, 2012 around 8pm. First when we walked in there were two other customers sitting in the line, waiting for someone to come to the counter and give them their food. That took ten minutes. Then, before the idiot behind the counter could tend to us, she wandered off for another five minutes. When she finally got back, she took a phone call while running our card so we could get out of there. This took a total of 20 minutes. That's madness.\n\nThe pizza isn't good enough to justify our wait. Won't be going back. PPP should FIRE EVERYONE WHO WORKS HERE and start over. Bunch of half witted no whits."""""""
I came here a few days ago with the wife. We had gone to them when they were in Buckeye and it WAS awesome. Our experience this time was less than stellar.  The dough tasted like play-dough....salty as hell, undercooked and kinda slimy/sludgy in the middle.The toppings (wife had cinnamon and I had green chili chicken) and the mild salsa were the only reasons I could eat a few bites. I ended up scraping it off and throwing out the fry bread. The price was about avg but still not worth the taste. I dont think we will try it again. Sad day.
I had heard good things about this place in passing and so purchased a Groupon to try it out. So the 5 wine tasting and an appetizer for two.  We arrive aroung 5:30 on a Thursday night and again the place is empty, so you'd think we'd have no trouble getting good service. Wrong!  Three people working and no eye contact. Our server didn't offer any comments on the wines we chose- like what it might pair with, where the grapes were sourced, any charecteristics it had... I'm not a wine snob but I have done many a wine tasting and you usually get some sort of interaction from the person pouring and some information on what your tasting. She did mention how much she liked the goat chesse and cinnamon stuffed dates but that ended our conversation except for one word answers to our questions.  She even left before we were through our tasting and didn't tell us or the next server...ugh.\n\nWe ended up purchasing an additional appetizer, (warm brie served with Triscuts, seriously?) so we planned on spending money...might have even bought a glass of wine after the tasting had the service or atmosphere been inviting. I will not be back for any reason.  If they can't serve 2 people at the bar properly how can they do big wine making parties right?
I gave this place 2 tries and both times it was a complete FAIL! \n\n1ST time: \n\nI ordered the Gyro and it was awful! The meat tasted like it was just taken out of the freezer and nuked in the microwave. The Pita bread was stale and when I attempted to fold it and take a bite it broke and everything fell out (goody gum drops).  \n\nI understand that a Gyro is not a common dish that every restaurant can prepare with perfection, but don't put it on your menu if you can't make it. It's like an auto repair shop that also does manicures, just don't do it! \n\n2nd time: \n\nI decided to give this place another chance and the end result was I me being out 20 bucks and extremely disappointed yet again. I ordered a simple chicken sandwich and it tasted like cardboard. I was certain that they could not mess up a chicken sandwich and they did. The bread was stale (AGAIN), the chicken breast was small, over fried and nearly tasteless. The fries were nothing to brag about either.
"""This place has screwed things up so many times it's time to write a review.  I'd sworn off returning after I waited weeks and weeks for a medication that they said was on back order, and from one phone call to Target pharmacy I found it was off the market, called and got my doc to write me a new script.  Way to be on point, Walgreens. \nBut, as I had two prescriptions w/ refills already there, and it would be a hassle to transfer them, I figured I'd keep going until my prescriptions were up.  \nGo today through the drive through line.  Pay with credit card.  There is a little clip thing that if you are sending cash or a receipt through the little tube you can clip it - since the tube uses AIR PRESSURE it might fly away.  That was too much for rocket scientist pharmacist.  Sure enough - the tube comes back with my card and I before it opens - I see my receipt get sucked away.  I push the buzzer - tell the guy what happened.  \Um I need you to sign the receipt.\""""  I reply that there is no receipt.  Explain again what happened.  Then nothing.  He proceeds to help two customers in the other lane.  I proceed to sit.  And wait.  And waste almost my ENTIRE lunch hour.  I buzz again.  Ask what the hold up is.  Told we need to print another receipt for you to sign.  Again, this is too challenging and I am eventually asked to send my card back through, so they can void the transaction and run it again.  I agree to do so, but I am really annoyed at this point and let them know they've now wasted my entire lunch hour.  Finally get the reciept, sign it - clip it in and send it through.  Then wait another few minutes and he finally sends the drugs through saying with a shit eating grin \""""thanks for your patience.\""""  \nReally, you're going to thow some sarcastic shade at me after I've just sat there baking in the heat because you can't do your job.  I still probably wouldn't have bothered to write the review but I just had a feeling - and I was right - fuckwit did not void the first transaction, or failed to do it correctly, and I was charged twice for my meds.  Fortunately my credit card company is great and its all being taken care of - but seriously - it is not rocket science.  The drive-thru lane is supposed to expedite the process but I sat out there for close to 30 minutes and pretty much everything was done wrong.  How's that for confidence in a place where you pick up prescription drugs."""""""
I feel kind of bad giving out my first 1-star review, but hopefully I'll go back and give it another review.  I got a menu from this place in some flier and it's been on my fridge taunting me for the past week or so.  I finally got the pizza craving, and it was conveniently on a Friday when Rosati's offers double coupons, turning a $5 off an order of $20 or more into $10 off.  Definitely not bad, because I think they're a little over-priced and without the coupon/double coupon incentive wouldn't go back.\nAnyway, I wasn't surprised that we weren't the only ones wanting pizza on a Friday and had no problem with the 1 hour delivery time quoted for my pizza and salad.  An hour and a half later, the guy shows up with the pizza and no salad.  He won't just say screw it to the salad and adjust the bill because then we're under the necessary $20 mark for the coupon, but he says he'll be right back and it won't take nearly as long as the pizza did.  We settled into the pizza, which turned out to be cold around the edges and lukewarm in the middle, and really soggy.  Not soggy like the thin crust was buckling under the weight of the toppings (though probably that too), but soggy like the crust was sitting under wet toppings for way too long and it just turned into mush.  Still, it was fairly tasty for cold and soggy and I could see the potential for a decent pizza.  After 45 minutes there's no salad so we call and ask if it could just be canceled.  She says he's already on the way, so no, but offers us coupons.  I'm guessing more coupons that just came with the pizza.  we explain the shiteous experience and she doesn't sound surprised but doesn't offer to right the situation in anyway either.  Finally the guy came with the salad a little over an hour after his first visit and just under 3 hours after we ordered.  We weren't hungry at that point, but I had the salad the next day for lunch, with leftover pizza crisped up in the oven.  Both were decent.\nI emailed Rosati's with what I wrote here because I'm honestly not used to this crappy of service.  If they contact me, I'll try them again and redo this review.  If you're reading this, I guess they haven't yet.\nBottom line:  Probably good pizza, but there's a catch-22 of being overpriced without coupons and overly busy when coupons are offered.  My advice would be to order in or carry out.
Terrible service!!  \nIt took three months to get an appointment with Dr. Bennett.  When the appointment finally arrived, I saw a physicians assistant for about 5 minutes, and then a doctor for about 5 minutes.  I was told to make an appointment for 3 months in the future.  They took blood, urine and had X-rays done of my wrists.  That was two months ago....no diagnosis, no prognosis, no treatment, and the only word from this doctors office was a bill for $230 over and above the $550 insurance already paid them....plus the $30 co-pay.  All for some diagnostic tests (which I never got the results of) and 10 minutes of thier time.\nWhen I called to cancel that next appointment, I was kept on hold for about 13 minutes before I was able to speak to someone.\nI will not be going back to this office EVER.\nIf you really need a rheumatologist, go somewhere else.
"""I would not even normally write a review for a place like this; you get what you expect normally when going to a chain like this.  I went their recently however and pretty much everything was bad.  The food was so heavy and greasy, the service was terrible, and the waitress was really rude.  \n\nOn their menu, they have a \Filet Focaccia Sandwich\"""" which is labeled with an asterisk indicating that it is cooked to order with the standard \""""Undercooked meat could kill you\"""" warning.  I tried to order it medium, and the lady looked at me like I was an idiot, and told me that \""""It comes how it comes, you don't get to choose\"""".  I don't know if the menu is just wrong or what (I ended up opting for a different dish), but her response was ridiculous.\n\nEven if you like outback, I would certainly not recommend this location..."""""""
"""Yes this place has a decent patio but having a breeze blow little tree leaves in to all your drinks every minute gets old.\n\n I ordered the Howie burger (medium well) with fries.  The fries were floppy and under cooked, the burger was over cooked and the caramelized onions had way way to much balsamic vinegar so they were super sweet.  Which all in all was a waste of $$ and calories. We also ordered deviled eggs as an appetizer which had sweet relish in them which did not work either.\n\nBottom line- This place banks on there lame \waterfront\"""" ( mud canal) atmosphere to serve crappy over priced food.\n\nOOHHHH and when leaving and having my car 75% pulled out of if its spot some valet punk does not wait and whips around me knowing I am leaving.    Who has valet when you can park yourself 10 feet away?!?  stupid"""""""
"""Absolutely horrible! If I could give this place half a star, or a negative star even, I would! The service was slow. The sushi was terrible. \n\nThe Mr. and I came here during lunch, we had a total of 4 rolls (2 on their \happy hour lunch menu\"""" and 2 regular specialty rolls). No drinks, only water. We ended up spending more during lunch here than we would have spent at Blu Sushi or Ah-So during dinner. We sat at the sushi bar so I could ask for my signature specialty roll which normaly costs about $9 at Blu and this place charged $13.95! It wasn't anything too extravagant nor hard to make - I could make these at home myself! When we questioned our waitress about our bill she said \""""oh sushi chef wanted $14, but I say no, $13.95!\"""" WOW, a whopping 5 cents, thanks lady, I'll just take that extra 5 cents and buy me something pretty from the Old Navy across the street! Are you kidding me?!\n\nThe price on the bill could have been worth it if the sushi was top-notch, but this sushi was bland, NOT fresh, the pieces were either tiny or falling apart. We had our friend over the other night for home-made sushi and when we compared sushi restaurants she raved about this place....seriously. Oh boy, we felt horrible for her. She obviously had never tried REAL, DELICIOUS sushi before! I'm better off making my own sushi at home then coming to this place! NEVER AGAIN!"""""""
"""High way robbery is more like it. This place needs to close down now or close down soon for the sake of everyone's palates and wallets.   I should have known better when we were the ONLY people eating there for the entire hour.  The chicken was so TASTELESS and DESERT DRY...I felt robbed of  $16 to pay for this complete and utter piece of ORGANIC cardboard.  I'm not complaining about the price it's what they dare to serve you and charge that is appalling.  I didn't see a single chicken being \roasted\"""" in the roaster so I'm sure my chicken was microwaved from the day before...or from god knows when.  I don't even think it's worth writing about the precooked, reheated sides.   I'm so disgusted with restaurants that serve such low quality \""""stuff\"""" (i refuse to call it food)...and expect people to love it .... why?  ... because it serves wine and is in a hip neighborhood?  Usually when there's wine, there ain't any whining.  well...this place really found a way to mess up that simple formula. The food is AAAAAWWWWWFFUUUULLL!!!!  If you have $30 sitting around...just throw it out your front door.  That might be funner than eating here."""""""
Beware being ripped off at Au Petit Four!  If only i can give no star, i would.  We dined late on a Saturday night. We were the only table in the restaurant.  The desserts were good, but very expensive- (1) coffee $2.00, (2) Arrowhead water $2.00, (1) Lorina lemonade $3.50, (1) mango mousse cake, (2) Creme br\u00fbl\u00e9es, (1) chocolate chip cookie, (1) white cake, all total to $48.50.  It was an indication when there were no price tags for the desserts.  The owner didn't even give us an actual bill, but just came by to tell us the total.  We were all pretty tired and didn't give too much thought of the amounts. I am extremely disappointed, SHAME ON YOU AU PETIT FOUR!
A small group of us went here to eat several weeks ago... they weren't so busy that there was a wait, but the table we wanted outside was still dirty. We were tired and starving so we sat down anyway after they promised to have it cleaned straight away.\n\n20 minutes later, nobody had offered to take our drink order, but we managed to get someone to take most of the disgusting plates off of our table. We had asked a few people to send someone out to take our order and the table next to us that had been seated after us had gotten menus and drinks. \n\nThey must've not understood that we were new customers even though the hostess knew, the waiter whos section it was new, and the bus boy and bartender both knew as well because we told them. I guess the filthy plates of half-eaten food and slime were tricking them. \n\nThe five of us sat there trying to talk over the sounds of our gurgling stomachs as we waited for about a half hour without menus, drinks or any indication we were going to get served... finally, an off-duty employee came out and asked us if we had been served. We said no and that we were leaving and he flipped out. He said he wasn't on the clock so he couldn't help us, but he would try to flag someone down immediately.\n\nIn the end, the place smelled very fishy (which you should know is a bad sign when eating at a fish restaurant - especially sushi) and we decided to just split and get food elsewhere. Between the fishy smell and the non service, there wasn't much keeping us there.\n\nThe place looked kinda nice and I'm sure we just had an isolated experience - but until I actually try again and get some food and service, this will have to be my review - one star. If the place had been ultra packed, I might have forgiven this a little more.
"""cash only ($1.50 ATM fee). chain concept from Vietnam. \mass-produced\"""" baguettes ready \""""every 30 minutes\"""" are not worth the trip.\n\n$2.25 10\"""" bologna salami and vietnamese veggies. what do you expect for $2.25?! great value...\nbut i was hoping for better.\n--rancid pickle\n--rancid red onion\n--american cheese: think \""""cheap brand that wishes it were kraft singles\"""" -- yeah, it was BAD\n--no oil in the house, no vinegar in the house. only mayo and mustard in the 0.02 oz packet.\n\nlots of choices here...\nice cream, wings, sandwiches...\ncheap, generic, flavored coffee syrups displayed like precious alcohol... WHAAT!?? maybe it's a cultural thing.\n\nbut all i wanted was a good baguette sandwich. what a shame!\nPASS!"""""""
(I have not ate at this Saddle Ranch. This review is for SR on weekend nights after 10 pm).\n\nYou will like Saddle Ranch in Old Town Scottsdale if you are:\n\nA creepy middle aged guy\nA creepy douchebag\nOR\nAn attention seeking skank of a female who likes to ride mechanical bulls in super short dresses\n\nSeeing as how I am none of those, I dislike Saddle Ranch as a bar/late night destination. Plus the bar service sucks and you can get cheaper beer at other places.
They started out okay, but within just a few months they had stopped coming and I never heard from them again! :( Very unprofessional and disappointing. Would not recommend these guys to anyone that is looking for good, consistent landscapers. If you want someone that will come for a while before leaving you in the lurch and do an okay job, these are the guys for you! If you like unpredictability and the adrenaline rush of not knowing if your landscapers will show up as scheduled to spiff up the yard the day before you are having a big pool party, this is the perfect place for you!
Grrr, you could have pulled the right bike that I specifically asked for. I don't think I could have been more specific besides emailing you a picture with pointy arrows to the name of the bike. What did your salesmen do? Pulled the bike close to the color I mentioned. Nothing more disappointing than thinking you are driving very verrrrrry far to get the bike of your dreams. It was like having The Grinch steal Christmas. I won't be back and thats to bad, I'm currently saving my pennies for a cycling bike. Anyone need the address to Bike Barn?
I've been to this restaurant several times for lunch - it's close to the office. The burger is good and Nicoise salad is also a personal favorite. Well it was... In fact I was put off the restaurant as a whole due to a recent experience. The last time I ordered the Nicoise salad with Salmon the potatoes were stale! And by stale I mean noticably shriveled and inside/to taste 100% stale. Given they are a main component of the salad I mentioned it to the waiter when he asked how my meal was. He seemed surprised that I would say anything other than, 'yes it's good thanks' and my response literally caught him off balance... 'I'll mention it to the chef', he said. A few minutes later the waiter returned and thanked me. Erm for what? Telling you the potatoes were stale? There was no offer to replace or sub the  potatoes. In all honesty I didn't really care - I was on a lunch break and it was more important for me to eat within the time I had available... About 5 minutes passed and a lady sitting at the bar ordered the same Nicoise salad. I watched with interest as it was placed in front of her curious as to whether they had subbed the stale potatoes. A few minutes later on a return run to the kitchen I overheard the waiter remark to the chef, 'we've got to dump those potatoes, she's the third person we've had today picking them out and leaving them aside...' So they knew about the issue before I reported it and served me, then after I complained they served them to another customer. My check arrive - there was no mention of the potatoes or any adjustment to the check. I'm done going to Petite Mason - but I'm not done telling this story to everyone I meet!!!
went to try this place based on one review on yelp  the waitress was rough around the edges in her waitress/hostess roll the place smelled like one of those old town restaurants that people probley smoked in for years combined with greese that may not get changed as much as it should. as the waitress cleared tables there was alot of crashing of dishes in the dirty dish bin. I must say i sliped out before ordering food may be good if lucky ........
We were looking to join a gym recently, but when we showed up to talk to someone and get a tour, they wanted us to fill out these liability release forms and sign them. Why do we have to divulge all of our personal information including our date of birth and sign a liability release form just to get a tour? We walked out. That seemed like a red flag. A sneaky way to get us on some kind of spam mailing list or something. No Thanks! We went straight to LA Fitness and they were happy to give us a tour right when we walked in.
"""Reservation for 2 at 8:00 PM, showed up at 7:50. Waited until 8:35 to be seated. Had 2 very good drinks, and they were comped because our table still wasnt ready on time. Ordered salad, King Crab legs, and Lobster tails at 8:40. Salad showed up 40 mins later, followed by the main course 15 mins later. The salad was \Ok\"""", but the King Crab was horrible, and the Lobster Tail was over cooked. Very disapointed in the food quality. We expected Sea food a little better than your local Red Lobster, but didnt find it here."""""""
I am surprized to see the great reviews for this establishment.  I have never seen the price for a simple pizza add up so fast. I went inside to order a pie to go ( with Jalepenos). I watched as the cook sniffed the container of Jalepenos , made a face and then dissapeared in the back with the container . I am not sure to this day what that was all about but it certainly put me off pizza for a while.
"""Would have to agree with Rana A below... I think she said it best\n\nActually, I had several folks tell me this place was lousy before I went... it even fell below my already low expectations...\n\nGiven that I just left the real Barcelona (in Spain)- part of me was truly crying inside that night. OK, I gotta admit- everytime I tell someone I was just in Barcelona (the city) and they say \you mean the one in Scottsdale\"""" there is a part of me that wants to just pack my bags and fly back..."""""""
Having eaten at some amazing restaurants in the valley and around the world we were excited to try the 7 course tasting menu at posh... However, everything from\n Service to food to drinks to pricing was a huge disappointment. Spending over $100 pp without drinks we expected to be wowed. Sadly we left hungry and irritated. Of all the nicer restaurants we dined In around Phoenix I.e. Mastros, sassi, roka, nobuo, ocean prime, etc.. This was by far the worst. Each Of the 7 portions came as a tiny bite leaving us underwhelmed and hungry. Food took Forever to come as did drinks. The servers were many but irritable and not very effective.. Overall of the 7 courses  not One left us satiated and pleasantly surprised. After a $300 meal we went out to eat and I was so annoyed I wanted to call the  owner and complain. Overrated, overpriced and completely Not worth it!!! Ps we do appreciate smaller, mOre meaningful entrees but a single scallop and a small forfull of fish should be considered a course when there is no main course.. The shrimp course consisted of 2 tiny shrimp In some pur\u00e9e and he server had no clue where they came from Or if they were wild or farm raised. Embarrassing !!
"""I had a LivingSocial deal for this place and I called to place an order to go. The guy on the phone was nice until I told him I had the coupon. He was very short in his answers and was snotty when I asked for a sauce on the side. After I would order one thing he would reply with, \what else\"""" in a very rude tone. I felt like I was being hurried the whole time and they didn't want my business. After getting off the phone I was so upset by the horrible customer service I decided to call and cancel my order. They aren't worth my time or money and I would never consider going there."""""""
I've bought tires from Discount Tire for years at different locations and have had a good experience, but this location was different. I went in to get some new tires with my fianc\u00e9. John the sales guy pushed a certain brand, specifically because they were running a rebate special. Tires are tires, especially on a Prius, so we went with them. \n\nLater that day, when filling out the rebate form online, I noticed that the model number that we purchased was not listed on the valid model numbers for the promotion. I called back to Discount Tire, told them the dilemma, who then stated the model number was irrelevant and the rebate would go through. \n\nI'll give you 1 second to contemplate where I'm heading with this. A couple weeks later we got an email saying our entry was denied due to non-valid model number. We called back to Discount Tire, where John denied any knowledge, spoke to the manager, who told me it was his last day and his hands were tied. I then called the regional office, left a message and NEVER got a call back. \n\nNext time I need tires, I'm going to C&R or Big O, or any other of the countless places on every street corner that sells them. Just not a way to run a business.
"""I found out about this place via a Groupon offer. Walked into the relatively small dining area with my wife and the food appeared to look good.  Unfortunately after standing around in the dining area for several minutes being ignored by the four workers on duty, with not even a quick \Hi, we'll be with you in a few minutes\"""", we did an about face and left.  We walked over to an adjacent restaurant Pho Avina and had great service and very good Vietnamese food.\n\nSo my summary is that the food might be fine, but the service probably would be an issue.  Sometimes customer service is king and hopefully this restaurant will learn this."""""""
I booked a rental through Costco Travel.....\n\nthe line was extremely long( like waiting for a ride at Six Flags).\n\nIf you prefer to use a debit card, they will slap $200 dollars more on hold in your account and run a credit check. I think that it's the most ridiculous thing ever. \n\nI hate the fact that I didn't get to choose my car at their garage. A slip was given to me on where my rental is parked, and I had to get to it on my own; without any personal interaction if i had any questions about the vehicle. I didn't like the Ford Fiesta they rented out to me. The breaks were making some sounds....AND!!! it was cherry red. I didn't like a cherry red car.\n\nOther companies gave you options and are more personal. Some even pull the car up for you, and help you put your luggage in the trunk.\n\nI like to be treated like a princess.\n\nTheir insurance is also pretty expensive. I was shell shocked and for the very first time, i drove a rental without any form of insurance. Thank goodness, the car was alright. My damage: $152 for a 6day rental. Not bad.
"""Won't be going back.  I am always looking for a good Mexican place-- on a specific search for the best guac in greater Phoenix--, and one of my coworkers thought we should give it a try.  The one good thing is the decor inside- it really is nice.\n\nNow on to the \no bueno\"""" portion of our program... In summary, the food was bland, the food was cold, the service wasn't that great, and the salsa and the guacamole were just plain WEIRD.  No need to overexplain bland and boring food (I had a chicken burrito, and I added cheese, rice, and sour cream), but I do want to point out that I ate GRISTLE in my chicken... which is what finally made me stop trying.  Other items to note:\n\n1.  The server would barely glance at us, and when she came to ask for our order, she hadn't even asked for a drink order first.  Also, we had to ask twice for more tortilla chips.  I will say, though, that our main dishes came out fast... but mine was ice cold.\n\n2.  The flavor of the salsa was okay, but the texture was-- as another Yelper has described-- exactly like ketchup.  Bizarre.\n\n3.  The guac.  Oh the guac.  Horrific.  The first question was the pale green color.  My friend and I spent at least 4 full minutes trying to figure out what one would mix with avocados to get that exact Lawrence Welk-era seafoam color.  There was no onion, no peppers, no lime, NO flavor.  After a few additional samplings (more out of morbid curiosity than anything), I came up with EGG.  Yes, like hard-boiled egg whites.  Color and texture.  Bweck.\n\nTo my food-loving compatriots out there:  don't do it.  Not worth your time or money."""""""
Do not go to this Pier 1 and try to open a credit card.  We went there the week of Christmas to get a new dining set, and though we had the money to buy it outright, we decided to take advantage of their interest free credit card option since it was so close to Christmas and that could help us with gift time. January rolls around, and we discover that they completely lied to us, and the account was not interest free for 12 months at all, despite the fact that you can STILL go on their website and that is that advertised deal.  No manager at the credit company would even believe us, and we've spent the last 5 months having them screw us over again and again charging these piddly late fees for what reason I have no clue, considering we paid it off in full once we found out they were a bunch of liars.  It seems no matter how often I pay off the 15 dollars or less, they come up with some reason why there is always another charge on there.  Just unbelievable.  I will not be shopping at ANY thieving Pier One anymore.
Terrible. \n\nThis spot was going to be the kind of spot I could get quick dinner on a hectic weeknight with my Family. Not So! The Calamari was extremely tough and did not taste fresh. The pizza was just bad. It did not have layers of texture or taste in any way. Just black bottomed and crisp. Not burnt, but a strong sour burnt taste. The center was underdone and very soggy. Just a bad meal. This was my first time eating in, second time actually eating the Pizza. Both pizza's were a TERRIBLE let down.
I'm afraid I will have to give this place only one star for being an absolute pain to find and general lack of information.\n\n My mom, sister and I were to have a girly afternoon tea, and the nearest tea room was this place. I came onto yelp, read the reviews, looked up the location in the map. When we headed to the tea room, we ran into a problem. A big problem. Aliens had abducted the business!! Just kidding, but the business was definitely not where the map said it was. Instead we drove around a little and found it on the SE corner of Dobson and Guadalupe!  So we drive up and park.... only to discover that it was CLOSED!!  I'm not sure if you were closed down or renovating, but there was no way for me to find out!   \n\nOh Abbey Gardens~ I was hoping for a lovely afternoon tea but was sorely disappointed. I hope to give you a second chance, but not until I have reliable information on you!
How dare they put rye seeds on an everything bagel? I'm not happy about dealing with that party foul at all or the rude, inefficient service. Plus, even though they are boiled here, these are not good bagels at all,  even if the rye seeds were not present. Other issue is the bagel bins are far away from customers eyes - what are hiding - put the bins up front like every true NY bagel shop. Hey, if your gonna call yourself a NY bagel place (yes I am from NY) then I want the whole experience. Charging $11 for a turkey sandwich is a bit much too and this is an unfriendly, cold location with no charm. There was a very hairy bird outside though looking for crumbs and on this day that bird got lucky. Onto the next place.
"""Erich Kritemeyer, Is the worse customer service person in the business, he was horrible. Tripped over his own verb age did not know the contract. Could not explain why he did not have an answer but he sure wanted to sell me a phone. That was the answer just buy a new phone we will give you a deal. I already had an iphone and I was unable to get the device turned on and it is because of some red tape no one had any paper work on that would produce a decision. every one said it was illegal to have possession of the phone but when I produced a police report I bought the phone they shut up. I also went to a different store where they printed off a duplicate recite and they were not happy because for every answer they had I had a point they were wrong.I also had them lookk in the records and see I purchased the iphone. He then began quoting me the law I said thats not whats in the report unless you have law enforcement degree you should not quote the law. I reminded him he could not even quote the liability clause he was so sure to stand by but could not prove he was right. I asked if while I was in the store could I call the customer service line they said yeah. He cut me off from the call. I have no idea why. the manager had to come over an reconnect the call. I told Erich I felt like i was in a circle jerk and he said first of all that language is not allowed. I said what language. He said I do not like your language I am offended. I looked right at him and said is it Erich (wanting to make sure I pronounced his name correct) What are your referring to when you say language. Because I call customer service they tell me to come here I come here you tell me to call customer service to me that is a circle jerk. he said I was offending him I said this whole situation is offensive to me!  Your lack of customer service is offensive. I paid good money for a phone i cannot turn on because of a legality which is really just an ethical decision that no one wants to make because there is no clarification on the liability clause you have just surfaced. I realize that is a new thing for this company but it is well defined your employees both front and back office as they were termed to me would not and could not produce any paper work substantiating the fact I could not get a new number linked to my device. But they were all too happy to allow me to purchase a new phone. Is this how Verizon does business this seems like a close fine line to extortion to me.\nAre managers or store owners  like Erich the new faces of sell sell sell. Why was someone allowed to procure a line from my plan when they were not financially sound to do so. Isn't that how the housing market got in this fix. Now that the person ha had a change in heart and will no longer make payments on his line and hasn't for some time I am locked out of a device. i offered to take back over the line and resume liability of the line in question. I just wanted to use my phone. I was told over the phone by customer service on more than one occasion that it is a simple switch of the number he continues to pay on the number and a new number is put on my device. this old number is put on \blank device\"""".  Or in Mr. Motts case the number is not being paid on and you guys can deal with that. \nHe was a former Verizon wireless service manager and manipulated the system. I realize he is not employed there any more and I realize you may never employ him again but why must i suffer in the after math. is that the plan sell phones to people and not allow them to use them. There was no clause saying I resend my permission. I did it with in the allowed 60 days as I was quoted on the phone. This should of been a easy reversal. once I said that, Erich said it was 30 days once I said fine the original request to resend was now 7 days ago I have been doing this all week well with in the 30 days allowed and not all the notes have made it in the system. Erich then told me 14 days. Really!???! Had a thought quick enough and I said I did it 10 days after I sent it would he then have said 9 days.... please this is just one small example of how horrible Erich knew the Verizon policy and how disengaging he was on the store site. when he wasn't trying to argue the law with me he was hiding in back wouldn't come out and talk with me. Erich had Ayham the manager do most of the talking. Ayham wanted to help wanted to work it out and  also wanted to sell a phone as a LAST resort.\nAt one point Erich's hands were shaking should I have been worried that his lack of responsibility and convoluted explanation of policy which could not be physically produced would of turned violent. Or was was he just nervous because he was lying and I was on the verge of getting a clue about all the legal convolution being dispensed in my direction to try and get my to buy a new phone.\nBottom line is an easy credit check would of shown Mr. Mott was incapable of accepting a second line when he could not afford the first."""""""
"""Since 0 star is not an option I have given them a 1.  Horrible !  Walked in and guy behind the counter told us we would have to wait because he needed to make a call to the owner???  Not a good start.? Maybe?   The pizza for slices looked like it had been there for a couple days, not gonna order that, and it should have been a clue. Told the girl working the register we needed a minute to decide, there were no other customers in line. \nThis little goblin  stood over the register fingers ready, staring at us. We asked for the kids meal mac and cheese on the menu for our 4 year old.        \ Oh we don't really have that \"""".  ok . We both ordered cheesesteaks without the wiz. \nDry, cold (how is this even possible), and generally disgusting. The bread was so stale it crumbled off.\nThis place is horrible. Dirty. Strange AND WAY OVERPRICED. If they are trying to be authentic to the philly tradition with dickhead attitudes and rudeness, they could at least have their food be authentic. Apparently flooding everything with \""""wiz\"""" is their definition of philly.\nROCKY WOULD PUNCH YOU IN THE FACE CORLEONES,  YOU SUCK!!!"""""""
I came into town for a show and was excited to try a gluten free friendly restaurant. I could have not been more disappointed. Since I notice most reviews of this place are very positive and extremely long I'll try to be direct and to the point. \nService was incredibly slow. We waited a long time for food and to pay our bill. I noticed everyone waiting a long time for their food and when stuff came out it was in odd bursts. \nAtmosphere was some what pretentious and for the food I ate not at all warranted.\nFood was uninteresting and mediocre. I ordered the grass fed burger medium rare on a gluten free bun. The burger was preformed and nowhere near medium rare.  They way this place markets itself I was expecting something fresh and well prepared. Instead I got something I'm pretty sure had been frozen in the shape in which it was cooked and brought to me. I wouldn't be surprised if the whole meal was cooked in a microwave. The bun was gluten free bread which is okay someplace that doesn't use the word bun on their menu. My friend's pizza we also compared to frozen pizza cooked in a microwave.\n\nI love food and have eaten at amazing gluten free and other health conscious restaurants  in many cities so I think I can be a good judge. This place failed for me in every possible way except in cleanliness. But if you told me they were cooking frozen food in a microwave in the apartment next door and then bringing it over, I wouldn't be the least surprised.
Dude. Why are they such jerks? Total attitude from the time I walked in to paying the bill. I ordered a sandwich and the guy behind the counter gave me some meal deal with half a sandwich. Then when I asked why I only was given 1/2 sandwich the woman at the register said something to the man in a different language, he said something back to her, she rolled her eyes and put out her hand to accept my credit card. I was almost going to tell them where to stick their 1/2 sandwich but i had read good things on here about the food so I took it and left.\n\nFood was meh. Bread was cold and stale. Pastrami was nothing special. Don't bother.
"""Just today I called to see if I could bring in my scrubs to see if they could get altered. I got a phone call experience I will never forget. I asked the lady (Chinese/Japanese race might I add) if I could bring in my pants to get altered today and she replied \what you think?\"""" I said I'm not sure that is why I asked. I thought maybe they were too busy today to bring in. I stated, \""""Ok, well how much will you charge to alter one pair of pants?\"""" She replied, \""""A million dollars, what the hell do you think, I don't know until I see.\"""" With her vulgar response, I said ok well I guess I will go elsewhere for my business and she stated, \""""You think I care? I don't care go wherever you want, but don't come here.\"""" I could not BELIEVE the service I received. I called back requesting to speak to a manager or supervisor and she said,\"""" I don't want your business and neither do they, don't call back,\"""" than she hung up on me. Is this how a business is supposed to be run? This was possibly thee worst \""""customer service\"""" I EVER had from any \""""business.\"""" I would obviously NEVER go there (because apparently they don't want my business or my co-workers to go there). I am repulsed at how this business operates. If there is a manager or supervisor reading this, I would greatly appreciate you to contact me."""""""
"""I don't ask for much. When I order a sandwich, I ask for no onions or tomatoes, depending on what the item includes. 9 times out of 10, it arrives with the offending fruit/vegetable in its full glory. I politely remind the cashier of my order, get a polite apology and the food is remade, sometimes just by scraping off whatever I had originally requested not to get in the first place. Tomatoes leave \guts\"""" all over the sandwich when removed, but I hate to waste food or be rude so I suffer in silence. I'm tired of this dance; the food is ok if you get what you ordered, but I never do, so I think I'm done for a while."""""""
"""Arrived midweek at 12:30pm.... The fact that the pplace was deserted should have been warning enough, but we had faith in the Yelp reviews and the sticker on the door from Yelp & advertising the best carne asada this side of the border. The carne asada burrito was mostly tasteless, and certainly NOT worth the $8 I was charged for it. Drink choices are limited to bottled Mexican sodas & lemonade or iced tea. Complimentary chips and salsas, on the surface, are a nice add, but the store bought corn chips were stale & the salsas not very good at all.\nI think that \this side of the border\"""" refers to the border between them & the closest Filibertos. Honestly, I have had much better carne asada burritos from Ralphs Rolling Snack Bar & Filibertos, for much less money. I would almost bet that the Coco's in the same plaza could serve up better carne asada.\nThe one redeeming factor was that my friend said his fish taco was very good... Otherwise, I would grant zero stars."""""""
Would you like bad service, long wait times for your food and a big glob of grisly fat in your steak quesadilla? Then this is the place for you. But wait..you get more, a large amount of hummus with a very small amount of pita and when you ask for more pita you get charged for it.  The hummus and pita proportions are off by 100%.  Come on Eddie $2 for an extra pita when there is not enough on the plate to begin with..really??  The most disappointing part of our meal was the lack of concern by our waitress, my friend almost threw up after chewing on the large piece of fat and she didn't even ask us if we wanted anything else, if she could get us anything..she only charged us for the pita and forgot to take the quesadilla off our bill.  But she was very quick to grab the quesadilla off our table after seeing the piece of fat. Bad service. Bad food. Bad time.
"""On my way to the airport I wanted something fast that wasn't McDonald's, Wendy's, Taco Bell, Del Taco, Carl's Jr or Jack In The Box.\n\nOH LOOK! KFC across the street. I always said I wanted to try it. Mostly because I haven't had KFC in a long, long time. I think the KFC I ate in India didn't count, because it was in another country...anyway, I digress.\n\nWhatever you do, don't go. Please, don't go. I took a verrrry big hit for the Mesa/PHX yelpers in going here. I'm surprised I didn't get food poisoning. The place is disgustingly filthy. The tables were sticky and from a distance they all looked clean until you sat down. I wanted to cry. I really did. It's such a huge contrast to the other fast food restaurant I went to.\n\nBooths were unstable as was the clientele. I felt really overdressed in my grubby jeans and grubby shirt.\n\nThe cashier and the servers were friendly and nice...I think they realized I was the only customer that wasn't high on something. I was truly disturbed by some of their patrons - they were walking adverts for \DON'T DO DRUGS\"""".\n\nI think this KFC/A&W really killed any and all future KFC cravings. I said that this place wasn't good for kids - mostly because I'm worried they'll catch next year's strain of the flu - yup, if you want to get your immune system up, come here. \n\nOk, going to go shower now that I remember what this place was like. *shudders*"""""""
"""***AVOID THIS SANDWICH SHOP***\n\nFirst of all the main reason to not support this Capriottis is the poor management/ownership. If you care about being treated right as a customer, being valued for your business and overall being treated respectfully by a business... DO NOT GO HERE.\n\nHere's my story...\nCapriotti's food in general as a chain sub shop can be very good. In fact I have ate there several times in the past, mostly from another location. But it is more expensive as some of the other posters have remarked. (So you'd like to get what you pay for correct? Certainly you can... BUT NOT HERE)\n\nThis location created a texting system for deals etc.. (I believe to drum up business when it's slow). They say in it \UPSIDE ANY SANDWICH to a 20: FOR THE PRICE OF A SMALL\"""". I phone order, come in expecting to pay for a small and get ther large as advertised in their text. Not only did they NOT HONOR their own promotion. When the owner/manager got into it with me. He absolutely understood the confusion but WOULD NOT HONOR THE TEXT??? I asked him whether he'd rather lose return customers and have bad business in the future over his mistakes rather than rectify them on this one time basis. He had no interest in making things right. As I've read from other posters from a while back this ownership has no clue and hopefully we will all stand and let him know that businesses like this shouldn't be rewarded."""""""
Big let-down. The concept of the really cold beer is great, but it ends there. Service is horrible and it comes with horrible attitude. Food was okay. We got a really bad table with a glare from the sun and you couldn't see. Server said that she was really sorry she couldn't do anything about that. As I looked at the 4 - 5 empty tables around us we got up and left. It would have been so easy to offer us a new table and the bad one probably would have been fine in 20 minutes or less as the sun shifted. \n\nNo food on the patio?  Really, in AZ?  And apparently it's serve yourself at the standing tables. The 7 somewhat attractive girls standing around couldn't be bothered to take an order. A restaurant like that shouldn't have any area other than the bar (where you have a bartender) that doesn't have service. \n\nTwin Peaks has it all wrong.  It needs to be about the customer and great service, not just the novelty of the views....
"""Nice decor, mediocre food.  Shrimp tacos should not be served in a deep fried corn tortilla with two small shrimp each.  Rip off comes to mind.  Excessive raw garlic in the black beans made them inedible, and I LOVE garlic.  The ceviche was just weird--6\ strips of fish that were very difficult to maneuver. I tried cutting it to a manageable size in the serving bowl and wound up spilling it all over the table.  And it was ridiculously expensive.  By the way, Restaurant 101 tells you appetizers are to be served before the entrees.  All courses came out together.  Unless they change their menu and techniques, we can expect this experiment to be short lived."""""""
"""I wish they had a \0\"""" star option too!\n\nThe service and food was awful. Just a bunch of kids running the place.  The place closes at 10pm but when we went in there at 8pm all the workers were too busy cleaning to go home early to help us.  The food was burnt  on one side and raw on the other. The manager was too busy flirting with the other help. We couldn't get drinks because all the glasses where dirty, we were told by our waitress. We asked for the manager before we left at 8:45 and was told he already went home for the evening. What kind of manager leaves a bunch of teenager to run the place? \n\nNEVER GOING BACK!!!!"""""""
"""I am NEVER returning to this market again!  It's a shame, because I live in the neighborhood and would prefer to shop here.\n\nThe plastic bags at the self-check were all stuck together and the register scale kept locking up, requiring a checker's code to release it.  My husband was trying to straighten the bags all out, but no luck.  The jerk that helped me had the audacity to say to me, \You have to be smarter than the equipment.\""""  I couldn't believe it.  I so badly wanted to punch the little F*)($#% in the throat!!  My husband couldn't believe that I didn't walk out and leave the crappy groceries there.  \n\nI have found that the fresh fruit and veg isn't that fresh.  I have only been buying bread/milk for some time.  Until today.  We spotted a watermelon that looked great and bought it.  I washed it and cut into it when we got home. It was rotten on the inside.  I know it happens every now and then, and normally, we would just throw it away and not buy produce here at all any more.\n\nIn light of our experience, my husband took the damn rotten thing back to the store and got my money back.  The rude little jerk was nowhere to be found.  (He needs a tune up for sure.)  A nice young man helped my husband.  My husband got the impression that he knew who he was complaining about and had heard it a few times.  \n\nNEVER SHOPPING AT \""""ROTTEN n RUDE\"""" again !!"""""""
Aunt Chilada's at the Pointe is more about atmosphere than food.  It has a good happy hour, but the food is pretty pedestrian.  I was forced to edit and downgrade my rating because of my most recent visit.  Though the service was quite good, the food was horrific. \n\nWas there again recently with some folks from work. It was chosen since it was close to the hotel our corporate visitors were staying. I decided to forgo the usual safe burro and try the chile relleno and the spinach enchilada. O...M...G...what a mistake.  The spinach enchilada consisted of a limp tortilla filled with frozen spinach and covered in a sauce that if it wasn't from a can was seasoned with tin...ha...ha. The relleno was stuffed with queso, breaded, deepfried, covered with the same tin flavored sauce, which in turn was then covered again with rubbery white cheese. Oh boy!  What a treat!  After this meal I have made a vow to never to stray from a burro here again. \n\nSo, if you plan on getting together with a big group for Happy Hour, Aunt Chilada's is an OK choice.  If you are looking for truly top flight Mexican food, there are other places that may be more appropriate.
"""Cheap and fast oil change and I love their waiting room, big leather couches, roomy, away from the door, big tv...this is a really cool place to get an oil change and he alerted me to a bigger problem which did turn out to be pretty urgent (busted CV boot) but I took it to my mechanic who (and I already knew) charged me half of what they quoted me but my mechanic also asked me whether or not my car was making any noise beforehand and I said \NO, everything was great until I went in to Big O for the oil change and he told me the CV boot was busted...why???\"""" and the mechanic said well look at it, and the rubber cv boot had a nice clean beautiful slice across it......and my mechanic's opinion was that Big O cut my CV boot theirself....after reading the other reviews of this place I honestly will never ever go here again, and Im sorry for all the trouble he caused me...I was without my car 9 days, had to bus, bum rides, missed some christmas events all so slimballs could make a fast buck. If a cv boot busted/broke...it would obviously look ripped since its all rubber...it would never ever look like a clean knife slice..."""""""
"""Last weekend I decided to go on a hunt to see if I could find a deal worthy of trading in my current car for a newer model. I went to two dealerships because one I was familiar with and closer to my home, and the other had the exact car I wanted. I should have never made that second trip.\n\nI already put car salesman at a lower bar than other people in my mind, but this was a whole new level of low. If you don't want to end your day wanting to staple things to people's heads, I would stay away from this dealership.\n\nI walked into the dealership knowing what I wanted. I still wanted to browse first, but I had researched. This is also not my first car buying experience, and not my first Mazda. I am well aware of the line. Oh yeah, and I'm also a car fanatic. \n\nI didn't mind being hunted down by a salesman right away because I had really already knew what I wanted. It was coincidental that without saying what I wanted, the first car he decided to show me was the one I had seen in their online inventory. \n\nSoon enough I was on a test drive. Great car as expected. I asked some simple questions such as if I could have more details on the specifics of the particular perimeter alarm that was installed on that car to which the salesman did not have an answer. Makes me think it would have been fun to ask him what was under the hood.\n\nWe all know that what comes next is the fun part. And by fun, I mean extremely annoying process that takes 10 times longer than it should - the negotiating process. The first part was estimating the trade in value of my car though he decided to wrap this up in the first round of pricing negotiations. Right off the bat I was undercut by a couple grand at least on my trade in. Not cool. \n\nI told him that the trade in value wasn't acceptable and asked if I could find out the specific price plan I was eligible for to which I received a blank look. I would expect a dealership employee to know the various standard pricing plans. I also let him know I wanted to know what other offers were available. After waiting awhile, he came back with no change in the trade in, but did give me the pricing plan I was eligible for.\n\nSince it was still not where it needed to be, I explained to him what I was looking for. I told him my situation and that I did not need to buy a new car. I told him that my car was perfectly fine and in amazing condition and that I wasn't desperate. I let him know the price I had gotten down to at another dealership and where I ideally wanted to be. I said I didn't want to play negotiation games and I wanted to know how close he could get me.\n\nThings quickly got out of line. I was treated with great disrespect as I was given excuse after excuse and attack after attack. At one point he recommended I lease and when I explained to him I did not want to lease I was given a rant of how I don't put enough miles on my car and it's stupid for me to buy. Really? Okay. I'm out then. If that wasn't enough I was also attacked for asking what the lowest price was. I was asked if I wanted the company to lose money all while he kept informing me that he gets paid on commission, which goes by the number of cars he sells. I guess maybe I looked like I didn't know how car dealerships worked and how the car buying process goes. At one point he asked again where I wanted to be payment wise, to which I told him. He then put a range down on a scrap piece of paper with an x and a line below it and told me to sign. When I said I wasn't comfortable signing a scrap piece of paper below a payment price range without any detail or further information, he became very agitated.\n\nIn the end I let him know that this wasn't going anywhere and that I didn't think the price was going to be where I needed it to be. I told him that with the economy the way it is, that I figured the price would be lower. When I purchased my other car in a much better economy I was able to get a better deal. I asked if I could have my pricing plan certificate back and was given a very sarcastic, \You can have whatever you want.\""""\n\nI was so repulsed by the way I was treated. I emailed customer service at the dealership and never received a response. I cannot believe they would ignore a situation like this, though with the only other review being a 1, I am not that surprised anymore. \n\nSlightly more detail is available on my blog, but I didn't want to write a novel here unless it was wanted. Oops I guess I already did :)"""""""
This was the worse spa experience I have ever had!!  When I checked in I gave the front desk my spa gift certificate that was given to me as a gift.  I told the guy at the front desk that the gift certificate was a couple of years old.  The guy told me he would take care of it and off I went to my facial.  The facial was nice.  The locker room was unremarkable.  Once my treatment was done I went to check out and the woman at the front desk told me that they would not accept my gift certificate, that it had expired.  In this day and age I was shocked!!!  I felt as though I had never had a treatment at all!!!  The staff did not care and did not try to make me happy!! \n\nI am a full-time resident and I always go to The Phoenician but I thought that I would give The Sanctuary a try. \n\nI would not recommend this place to anyone!!
"""Oh My! where do I start?  The 3 sales associates that are sweet,kind and helpful must be recognized for their grace and class....But, I really wish this store would be shut down.  Rude,offensive,inappropriate and snotty is all I can say.  \n\nWhen I was pregnant...and wandering SFS aimlessly to get away from the 110 degree weather...a SA commented that I should check to make sure I was not carrying triplets....another SA comments that she does not know what she will do with the HUGE commission she will make by selling me a 50$ Theory t-shirt.  Another associate refused to set aside 2 pairs of Prada shoes because she wanted the commission right now...not later...she was trying to screw my regular sales girl out of the sale...in turn she screwed NM out of a sale all together.   \n\nI wrote a letter to their HO...got a call from the VP...who commented \Well. we can't hold our Sales Associate's hands ALL THE TIME!\""""...are you kidding me????? He did say that he would discuss each incident with the mentioned SA....Yes. I wrote down names...AND Dates.\n\nBut seriously, to refuse a return because you are going on break???? and to act like it MY FAULT for disturbing your glorious day at work? \n\nGet with it Neiman's!! this store is liability and so many out their would LOVE to have a job and would be glad to be helpful and kind to a customer.\n\nI would love to see that store turned into a COSTCO just like PV Mall...it's just what NM deserves.  The 3 SA's that do NOT deserve my scorn....go work for a company that makes people feel Beautiful,Happy and well taken care of...."""""""
Terrible and overpriced!! Had to ask three people for a spoon, ketchup, and nobody came back.  Ordered a chopped salad...halfway through it, sans dressing because it was awful, I realized the chicken that seemed extra soft, had blood thT squished out of it when poked w fork. Told waiter, And his First response was ...let me go ask the chef about this!!! Elbe returned with my bloody chicken salad an place it down in front of me, informing me that he'd seen chicken do that at other restaurants in town, and the chef said it was fine to eat! Ummm WTF kind of morons do they hire???? He even charged us for the thing!!! I complained to manager and handed complaint cArd to him...and said we were not retiring! What a disappointment!
"""Everything was okay here accept the terrible customer service.  I had to rent a tux for my boyfriend for my mothers wedding.  When I called to get a price they told me that I needed to place my order at least two weeks ahead in order to ensure that it arrived on time, so we went down that day and ordered.  \nTwo weeks had passed and I called to make sure that it had arrived which they replied that it had not.  I was not too worried at this point because we still had a week before the wedding.\nI continued calling thought the week before the day that were scheduled to leave had come and we still had no tux.  When I called that day she said that the deliveries had not come yet and that they would call them to see if they had and call me back.  Well they never called me back so we drove down there. \nAs we arrived they looked nervous to see us but took us to the back room to try on the tux that we ordered because apparently it had come (but why did she not call me back?)\nMy boyfriend barely squeezed into this tux.  It was tight around the neck and when he knelt down it felt and looked like it was going to split.  \nWhen we voiced our concerns to the woman working there (she is the owner), she got this snotty attitude and acted like we were absolutely ridiculous for wanting a tux that fit comfortably.  When my boyfriend showed her how tight it was when he knelt down she replied,  \Well I don't know why you would be doing that at a wedding so....\"""".\nMy boyfriend told her, \""""Well what if I'm dancing and want to move around a little?\""""\nAnd she responded, in the snottiest way possible\""""I don't know anybody who dances like that.\""""\nI suspect that they took one of the tuxedos off the mannequins and tried to pass it off as the one we ordered.  Especially when they had to send us to another store to pick up a vest that they did not have in the color we wanted.  \nWe ended up using it for the wedding because we did not have another option at this point.\nI would have given this place a better rating if it wasn't for the woman who \""""helped\"""" us.  She was rude, snotty, and she simply did not care.  I have never been treated so poorly anywhere in my life."""""""
"""Ordered a large margarita, which was okay, nothing phenomenal.\nShrimp enchiladas was not up to par. The enchilada sauces came on the side and didn't taste yummy.\nChicken tacos had bland chicken and came on crunchy shells, which was unexpected. \nRice and beans that came with both meals were disgusting. Things that come out of a can tastes better.\n\nChips & salsa only free the first round. The chips were good, but salsa was probably one of the worst I've had at an \authentic\"""" mexican restaurant, so i'm really not sure why they are so stingy with it.\n\nService: the place was full, but in the 15 minutes that we stood inside when NOBODY acknowledged us, 3 tables were cleared. Only when a family of 8 walked in and crowded the whole place and they were FORCED to talk to us did we get seated. \n\nThe waitress at the end also tried to overcharge us. I left her an awful tip. Here's another tip: make your food better, and have better service, and stop trying to rip off your patrons!"""""""
Every time I've been here, there is a problem. Today, I dropped my car off for an oil change and wash and asked them to call me when it was done. Two hours later (one hour at most was promised) I figured it should be done so I went to pick it up. I got there and payed with no event. It was when I drove down the street that I noticed the car hadn't even been washed! I returned and they said I needed to sign off on a waiver due to a loose piece of plastic under my bumper--no biggie but how was I supposed to know?!  In general, they don't embue trust to me and don't really seem to know what they're doing. \n\nThe manager explained that I needed to sign the waiver PRIOR to them washing my car. So here I sit waiting while they wash my car, yet still haven't signed said waiver?????  Told you, lots of excuses and false promises. I don't even trust they completed the services they signed off on.
Montelucia Resort in Scottsdale, AZ recommended ExecuCar to take my family and I from Phoenix Airport to the resort. I booked a week in advance as I was flying my mother and sisters in from PA and I was flying in from CA. The morning of travel I received a call from ExecuCar as I was on my way to the airport that they would not be able to fit our bags (which I indicated the total when I made the reservations) and my options were to cancel or pay double and they would accommodate us. I cancelled and booked a midsize car which cost me over $400 for the days wer were at the resort. I was stuck as I was already in route to the airport and booked 8 min before boarding my flight. I can not believe they waited to contact me about this on my way to the airport when i booked days before. I called the resort and said they need to stop recommending this service. When I get to the airport they were there to pick me up because the resort was ready to pay the double fee for me, however at this point I had already pre-paid $400+ for the rental car. This service (ExecuCar) is horrible and did not even ask the size of our bags. We were able to get all of us and our bags into a mid size car. I am a Director of Sales and was excited to use them in the future and was treated so badly and put in a terrible situation by them and under a lot of stress on a holiday weekend.\n\nUse any other service than ExecuCar. Don't put yourself in a difficult situation of booking and them not coming thru for you.
I used to love this place and would eat there often dealing with hour long waits.  My family loves the rocking chairs and checkers games to play while waiting.  Over the years I had noticed the quality of food was spotting with sometimes good, sometimes bad but we continued to go.  The last time we waited over an hour, the kids were tired and hungry and we were thrilled when we finally got a table.  Being they were so bust service was slow.  We waited forever for drinks and to place our order.  About 40 minutes later our food came.  My daughter was sitting next to me and my son was sitting next to my husband.  My husband has ordered a breakfast meals with everything.  He took a large piece of ham off his plate and gave it to my son.  My son took one bite and said it didn't taste good and he wasn't hungry.  Thinking he was just being difficult, I said he had to eat it.  I watched him gag through another bite and realized something was wrong.  My husband then looked at it and smelled it and the ham was BAD.  I mean really BAD like off color and smelled rotten.  I was in shock.  That could make someone really sick.  We told the waiter who was not surprised at all.  Just offered to take it back and take it off the bill and replace it??   I was shocked and really worried about my son getting sick.  The manager was not concerned and acted like I was overreacting.  \nMy family has never gone back but I was talking with my neighbor the other day and he said the same thing happen to him.  I am not sure how this could happen.  How does bad food get out of the kitchen?  How could no one notice?  I will never go back!
This is my worst experience at a Sonic. The location is hard to reach, the service is real slow and even though it is all set up for a drive-thru, there is no drive-thru window. I felt like I could have gone to Applebees, ordered, ate and left before I got my meal from this Sonic location. If you ever have to endure a meal at this location you may be as shocked as I was at how impossible it seems to be to access - it's almost like they don't want customers.
A group of us went there for the cafe and let the kids looks at the books.  I am just going to review the cafe.  We were all reviewing the menu, I have not been there in a LONG time.  She was very annoyed that we did not know what we wanted.  CHILL!  I ordered a medium green tea latte.  She was very rude and loud, DO YOU HAVE A BORDER'S CARD?  She prepared my drink.  It was so hot, I had to wait 5 full mins before drinking it.  When I picked the cup also thought it was very light.  The cup was only 3/4 filled? WTF?  The drink was good but the service and quantity in the cup was a totally disappointment.
==Honey, Why Do You Hate That Sonic So Much?==\n\nA tragifarce in one act by Jetta\n\n(Drive-Thru at a Sonic. JETTA, a quirky yet attractive woman in her early twenties, sits patiently in her car as the staff inside hustle and bustle to fill her order. She fiddles with the radio. She checks her polish. She turns the car off. A greasy-faced SONIC EMPLOYEE sticks his head out.)\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nHere's your strawberry slush, ma'am.\n\nJETTA\nThank you. Hold on, don't go yet.\n\n(JETTA pops the lid to the slush. The cup is filled ENTIRELY WITH FLAVORLESS ICE.)\n\nJETTA\nThis doesn't look like strawberry. I think you gave me the wrong flavor.\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nNo, actually, by this time of the day the slush machines freeze over, and they all come out like that. \n\nJETTA\nWhy didn't you tell me that twenty minutes ago when I ordered it?\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nDidn't think you would mind.\n\nJETTA\nMind what, being charged a dollar and some change for a cup of blended ice? You knowingly brought this to me and thought it would be acceptable.\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nI wasn't expecting you to check it.\n\nJETTA\nI want another flavor. \n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nOkay.\n\nJETTA\nWait. You're just going to give me another cup of ice.\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nThe machine's frozen. I told you.\n\nJETTA\nJust get me an ocean water. Same size. \n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nSure thing. \n\n(SONIC EMPLOYEE and JETTA exchange cups. She pops open the lid.)\n\nJETTA\nThis is coke. Ocean Waters have sprite.\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nSprite machine's out.\n\nJETTA\nSo you just thought you'd substitute coke and hope I wouldn't notice? \n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE \nCan I get you something else?\n\nJETTA\nYes. Just get me a coke with some vanilla, cherry, and chocolate flavoring. Please. Thank you.\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE \nWill you pull up in one of the spaces and wait in the dining area? You're holding up traffic.\n\n(JETTA parks her car and walks over to the dining area. She fiddles with an item in her purse, visibly trying with little success to restrain her anger. SONIC EMPLOYEE steps out with soda, a smirk on his face.)\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nA coke with vanilla, coke, and chocolate flavoring for the la-\n\n(SONIC EMPLOYEE, now face to face with JETTA, stops in his tracks. JETTA stands a full foot over him, a sneering face atop mannishly broad shoulders. SONIC EMPLOYEE drops the soda to the floor. JETTA looks down. It was water.)\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nSorry. Wrong order. I'll be right back.\n\n(SONIC EMPLOYEE sheepishly returns with another soda. JETTA opens it in front of them, looking inside. She nods, signaling her minimal satisfaction.)\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nHere's your money.\n\n(The SONIC EMPLOYEE hands JETTA a dollar bill and some change. Laughter and stares from the kitchen. The SONIC EMPLOYEE averts his eyes, staring at the spilled cup on the ground below.)\n\nSONIC EMPLOYEE\nHave a good day, ma'am. Thank you for your patience.\n\n(JETTA sashays off to her car, sipping happily at her flavored soda. SONIC EMPLOYEE, sulking, returns to the kitchen to ruin someone else's night.)
"""I purchased a Travelzoo Local Deal for this spa and it included a facial and use of spa facilities. This spa and resort has a stellar reputation and I was very much looking forward to it and had high expectations. I get facials approximately every 2 months and have never encountered the damage inflicted upon my skin as I did yesterday.\nA normal facial typically includes 'extractions' and I always agree to this procedure. I agreed to have the employee perform a few extractions thinking that at a 5 star resort/spa it would be fine. It was far from fine. Typically you are not supposed to 'force' an extraction and most times if it is difficult, they stop. She did major damage to my skin. I left the room with large red welts on my face. I assume she realized what she had done because she kept repeating to me that \those will eventually fade\"""" and kept telling me it's normal. I have never in my life had a facial where I looked worse than when I walk in. I have very clear skin, no acne, no scars and I walked out looking like I was stung by bees. The swelling and redness did eventually go down , but I had to cancel plans that night because of my appearance (yes, vanity kicked in). However upon waking up this morning I have scabs or what appears to look like areas where I\""""ve been 'picking' at my skin. These were the extraction sites. They are not swollen any longer, but are still red and may possibly leave scars. Because they are open areas of my skin, I am hesitant to put makeup on them as I want them to heal properly. I now have to walk around with these scabs on my face. I'm quite upset about this obviously.\nI can't fathom how this place thinks this woman is qualified to give facials, especially where they normally charge $175 for this service. I paid $119 and have damage to my face. While the spa itself was very nice, I was horrified at the appearance of my face and did not enjoy the facilities . On top of that I was forced to pay $45 for gratuity BEFORE I had my treatment. In no way did this woman deserve a tip.. she has damaged my skin!\nWhile the resort and facilities are great, I'd never allow them to touch my face again."""""""
Stopped by today. They were having a cheerleading fundraiser for a local high school. We waited 40 minutes for our food. My lemonade was not refilled the entire time. Food is set down. Right away I can tell my wife's avacado on her salad had been sitting out for quite some time. It is browned. Everything on my plate, a regular slam, is cold. I left, no charge. Upset enough to drive to ihop 6 miles away. 2 out of 10, would not eat here again. To be fair I believe it was the waitress' fault and not the kitchen.
I tried XO Nails because it was so close to my house, but the disgustingly dirty floors should have been my first indication that it wouldn't be the best manicure I'd ever recieve.\n\nI asked for the gel nails and they barely cleaned up my cuticles and used the same tools they used on a client before me. They were extremely sloppy with the polish and didn't clean up the excess gel surrounding my nails. This is a pet peeve, especially with gels because of how it dries. Three days later, the polish is already peeling off...unlike other salons I've been to where my gels stay on for 2-3 weeks.\n\nNeedless to say, I'm never going back.
"""The previous statement was made by my wife and we don't feel the same way after the change in property management... Now that greystar is no long managing the property things have gone down fast. This property has definitely gone from an \A\"""" rating, to a \""""B\"""" rating. None of the security doors work in our building (we live in the high building of the property) and the gate for the parking garage hasn't worked for weeks. Our washing machine has been leaking for about a month now. The staff has stopped answering the office phones. Everyone we talk to that has lived here through the management change is moving out, including us. The funniest part is the staff is so incompetent that they set our lease buy out price at $0, so we can leave for free. So after our 60 days we're gone... It was nice for the previous two years, but everything has to come to an end."""""""
My comments have nothing to do with this dealership's new-car service; instead, I'm going to vent a little about what happened when I visited both the Parts and Service departments at Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep this morning. I went to the parts counter first, looking for a simple plastic trim fastener used for reattaching the door panel on my Jeep. You can buy a 50-piece bag of these plastic fasteners on Amazon for $9.95, but I wanted to finish the job I'd started now and didn't want to wait on Amazon. The parts guy looks it up on his computer, and with a straight face tells me that just one of these fasteners is $7.50! No way, I thought, so on my way out I stopped by the service counter to ask for the cost of a coolant flush. The service guy looks it up and comes back with $149.00  -- $50 more than either of the other nearby Jeep dealerships. So here's my take on Superstition Springs Chrysler Jeep: if you need parts or non-warranty service, stay away from this place. Just my 2 cents, of course, but it looks to me like these guys will hose you big-time on parts and service.
"""I could no longer resist this goofy, red and white striped, old-fashioned sandwich shop. When the craving for a good sandwich kicked in, I decided to give it a shot.\n\nAs soon as you enter, you are assaulted visually with orange-red (well, I think that's what they are, underneath) walls, jam-packed with old signs, toys, and bumper stickers. Mind you, this is in a very small space. The tables are the old school laminate booths, decorated with some very 80's photos of teens. Lots of big hair!\n\nTrying to be somewhat calorie conscious, we ordered two \mini\"""" 5\"""" subs and some drinks. Each also came with a rather sweet potato salad or something similar. \n\nMy chicken sub was pretty dry and boring, and served on an equally dry and flavorless white roll. The only flavor it had was the occasional pocket of black pepper.\n\nAll in all, the food got a big *meh*. The decor was cool, but not worth eating the food. Oh, and if you decide to go, bring cash, rather than deal with their bizarre ATM system."""""""
This review is for the office at 5110 E. Warner Rd, Phoenix.\n\nI was told to arrive 30 minutes early for a 12pm appointment. I arrived at 11:37 for my son's 12pm appointment. I filled out the paperwork and began the wait. At 12:30, I approach the desk and politely ask if they can give me some sort of time estimate because I have to be at work at 2pm. The girl at the front desk then tells that the Dr is running 45 minutes behind schedule. She then tells me to hang on while she checks who is ahead of me, she proceeds to come back and tell me that there is still one person ahead of me. Again I ask for some sort of approximation of the wait and she tells me that the Dr will probably be able to see us between 1:15- 1:30. 90 minutes past my appointment time? Oh, yeah, that's totally acceptable, right? I think not. If I had come more than 5 minutes late for my appointment, I wouldn't be seen. It's cool though, you know, it's not like my time is worth anywhere near as much as Dr Chung's!
i always have made good reviews for  filly 'bs  but stay away from this one,went in for some rolled tacos thursday nite,watched the cook cut RAW meat on the same cutting board  and use the same gloves to make a burrito for some poor soul going thru the drive in he actually put the tortilla right on the exact spot where the meat was   then it was my turn  he took my tacos out of the fryer without tongs   and he used the same gloves as before   then to make matters worse he stuck his hand in the cheese and put it on  the tacos. When i said to him  do you know what you did    he  new  then proceeded to  say i wiill put some new gloves on and make you  some more but i told him you contaminated the cheese you going to get rid of all that cheese? he said ?     do you think he has been trained how to handle food   ? does he  have  a card?(food card )  sorry  filly b's   that mistake could  get someone real sick
Ew. Took the fam over here for dinner one evening. The sign said seat yourself. Okay there were plenty of tables open. But NOT ONE was clean.  A group of workers, including who we found out was the manager later, was sitting at the bar chattin it up. I had to pardon myself to be rude enough to interrupt their convo about justin bieber to please wipe down a table for us. Poor guy stands up slowly and wipes it down until its... uhhh... smeared with the ketchup from the prior visitor. thanks. so im already swallowing my complaints because my kids love those flippen hats. Thats when I see Mr. Cook with his gloves on by the rest of the group of workers eating his friends fries, then goes over to cook some poor customers food with those same gloves. Done. Kids, get your hats, we're outta here. We told the manager, same ketchup smearer kid, about how disappointing our experience was and what we saw. No thanks.
"""First, I'll start by saying that the food, once I was served, was good. Nowhere near worth the price. Certainly not worth the wait.\n\nThe only reason I came by here was that they have a sign proclaiming that they are mostly gluten-free. I walked in, the place is empty, and I waited quite a while before anyone bothered to come out and seat me, without a menu. Eventually the waitress brought me out pita bread with onions. I asked her if the pita bread was gluten-free and she told me of course it wasn't.\n\nNow, I figured this, however, if your restaurant is proud to be gluten free, and hangs a sign outside to encourage customers seeking gluten-free foods then a) you should ask first before you bring out (not counting desserts) the main item of food that ISN'T gluten-free out to your customer and b) don't be rude to your customer. Look, you just basically waved something delicious that I miss in front of me and in effect said \too bad you can't have this.\""""\n\nGetting past that, I was finally given a menu, and PLENTY of time to decide what I wanted. I ordered the Chicken Filet Sultani, which is chicken kabob with a ground meat koobideh kabob.\n\nThe koobideh was good, the chicken was kind of tough. Not dry, but maybe overdone. \n\nI then also had to wait for the waitress to come around for me to pay the bill. I just dropped cash and left.\n\nIf you are craving Persian food and you are in North Scottsdale, do not go to Pars. Get back onto Frank Lloyd Wright and drive west until you get to Scottsdale Road, then go north a little way and enjoy The Persian Room."""""""
This place reminded me of something you would find along a truck stop driving cross country.  When I walked in, I expected a sports bar of course, but it wasn't a clean, cool, or well dressed scene.  \n\nThe food is okay, what do you expect from a sports bar?  Its pretty hard to mess up hamburgers and french fries.  \n\nI would expect it to be just a little bit nicer and cooler to attract a crowd that doesn't resemble a trailer park.  The one on via-de-ventura is a lot better and cleaner.
Went here for lunch with 6 work buddies, it was not that busy. The service was very slow, one they took our order the lady didn't come back to check on us or fill our drinks until the food came. After that no refills again. Very Crappy service. I ordered a beef burrito, it had hardly any meat and was stuffed with mostly lettuce. For this place being around for 20+ years, you would think they would have good food. This was not the case. \n\nDon't waste your money or time..
I decided to branch out and try a new Korean place.  I wanted to see how good/bad my usual place (Cho Dang) was.  I wasn't surprised to find out that Cho Dang is in a league of its own when it comes to Korean BBQ in CHandler.  Takamatsu was as underwhelming as it gets.\n\nThe decor is like a cafeteria.  Patrons are very loud.  It seems that everyone goes there for the all you can eat sushi.  The person who sat us thought we were there for it and our server did a triple take when we didn't have anything filled out on the sushi form.  Call me a sushi snob all you want, but I don't go to a Korean place to get my fix, and if I did, I wouldn't go to an all you can eat place.  I'm not trying to maximize calories, I am trying to maximize flavor.\n\nWe ordered two dishes we routinely get at Cho Dang, Bulgogi and another dish. we had some miso soup that was included which was good.  That is literally impossible to screw up because it comes from either a powder or a cube.  No points for not screwing that up.  \n\nOut came the sides and the dishes.  This is when it got very disappointing.  The sides were inedible.  Most were very bland while others were just bad.  I don't think any side was edible.  The bulgogi was decent, but still not as good as I'm used to.  The other dish was poorly executed and just tasted bad.  \n\nOverall, the place was really bad.  They deserve 1 star but if I could I would be generous and give them a 1.5 stars because we ate the bulgogi and didn't leave completely unsatisfied.  I'll never go back considering there is Korean food that is in a different league just down the street on Ray and Arizona.  \n\nThis place looked like a chinese buffet, and the food execution was on the same level.  I didn't see a single Korean there eating which is a bad sign.  I saw a ton of wannabe sushi eaters, a few SE-Asians and several old people. \n\nI gave it a shot once and won't be back.  Worst Korean food I've ever eaten without question.  Yelp reviewers are really starting to get a bad rap with me.  If this is the best Korean BBQ you have had, what places could possibly be worse?
Horrible, horrible, horrible, service. Our waitress didn't do anything. Another waitress took down and brought our drinks, took our order and a different waiter brought us our food. If it had been busy , I wouldn't be so harsh. It was DEAD. Our actually waitress stood at the bar (right in front of us) and talked to the bartender. When we complained about our meal to her, she responded basically telling us it's not her job to prepare the food. At the end of our meal she was more than happy to bring us our check and not even ask if we needed anything else. I've been recommending to all my friends to go up the street to RnR - what a disappointment.
I've tried Golden Egg Roll twice. Once for delivery and once in the restaurant. BLECH! Both times. Actually ICK the first time, MEH slash ICK the second time. The delivery is quick and efficient. I ordered the House Fried Rice and a veggie egg fu young. I was grossed out by the shrimp in the fried rice. I could SMELL my shrimp before it even entered my mouth. Sounds normal right? No it was FUNKY shrimp that was slightly slimy. Blech. My Fu Young was unremarkable after you got past the saltiness of the dish. \nMonths later, I was asked by a coworker to have lunch. I let her pick the place... I will never make that mistake again. She picked Golden Egg Roll. The restaurant itself is nice and clean from what I saw. I chose the orange chicken. Again with the salt! I was baffled and I asked the other ladies I was with if they were having the same issue. Yes, they were! Well that summed it up for me. \nI probably won't visit Golden Egg Roll again. What a bummer, they have all this swag from a service (they probably paid for) naming them one of the top Chinese restaurants in the area. I'm uninterested in giving this joint another shot, unfortunately. There are too many other places to try.
me  and my husband was in for dinner ,we order the fish all you can eat it was horrible too much grease ,so we order one more hoping the oil get hotter n it not to much grease it worse than the first order the cole slaw was no taste to it , so i went home n call talk to some one in charge his name was Mark he i just tell him that the fish was not good but he did not even care , we thought we order wrong thing cause they look busy but guess wat we do not want to go back or tell friend go there the waitress was not good too DO NOT GO THERE THEY DONOT CARE THEY WANT UR $$$$$$$$ ony
I have two words for this bank: get TOE! (For those phonetically challenge, that is ghetto.) I don't bank here, but I have a credit card with them and needed to get the 411 on an issue I was having, so I thought I'd make a quick stop inside. The place seemed a little disheveled as I pulled in.  The parking lot was minuscule and the only open spaces had been hijacked by some really bad parking jobs. \n\nI walked inside and was greeted by the saddest looking bank interior I have ever seen. I think they were remodeling, but damn, it didn't even look like a bank. Even the people waiting in the long line looked depressed.  But, what do you expect when you have to entrust your money to such a lackadaisical place! I couldn't take the decrepitude, so I left. \n\nI know you shouldn't judge a book by its cover and maybe not even the inside pages either because the actual book could be really good, but I really hope they hurry up and do something with the place, or I'm gonna need to take some Xanax or Cymbalta before I venture inside again.
How disappointing my last visit here, and it was entirely attributed to the staff. These two girls (new since my last visit there) work there who have no concept of waiting on people, let alone running a business. They seemed more interested in chatting with their friends hanging out there then servicing customers. I sat there for ten minutes and neither of them bothered to even acknowledge me. What a shame that the good food and drink and nice ambience of the place has been ruined by an incompetent staff. It was like the place has been taken over by high schoolers. Too many other wine bars are out there that provide consistent customer service for me to bother returning to this place ever again.
This place is a JOKE!!!  If I were Michael Mina, I would pack my bags and go home quietly.  Then again, he's the one laughing all the way to the bank while serving up french fries and corn dogs.  Sacre bleu!!!\n\nThis place is great for assisting the Snottsdale crowd and other unsophisticated palates at overextending their revolving credit a bit further but if you want good food then go elsewhere.  More expensive doesn't always mean better quality.  Sometimes it means you're just getting screwed without the benefit of Astroglide.\n\nArtificially elegant setting with a provincial crowd and maybe fine for a HALF bottle of champagne but I say forget it altogether.  Zinc Bistro is more fun for people watching while sipping your bottle of Krug and chompin' on yer mac n cheese hoss.  Want a good meal?  Go to Houston's.
This place was absolutely disgusting. I read the reviews thinking it might be worth checking out.  The chicken in my chimichanga was very fatty and had very little flavor. My wife's enchiladas were also disgusting they had some weird cheese that looked and tasted like shredded string cheese. The salsa wasn't too bad but the chips were hard and cold. \n\nThere was only one waitress for the entire restaurant which was very disappointing because we had to wait for a good amount of time to order our food and to get our check.\n\nOverall, I will never ever go back or recommended it to anyone. We only ate several bites of our food and had to go somewhere else because the food was too disgusting to eat.
I stopped into Meineke yesterday because my battery was obviously about to die. Now, I should start by saying I used to live right by this Meineke and in the past they have always done a great job at a fair price. Yesterday however, they told me that my battery was bad, and I needed to take it back to wherever it had been installed as it was still under warranty. I had had it installed THERE, a few years earlier, but for some reason they had no record of it. I was told that without proof of this, it would be over $230 for a new battery installation. I don't know a lot about cars but I DO know that is insanely high for a new battery for my 2002 Toyota. I took it over to Fletcher Tires and they got me a new battery in 15 minutes for $90 and they were absolutely as nice as could be. I was hesitant to write this review as I have had good service in the past. However the attitude the one gentleman had and the huge price difference really rubbed me the wrong way, so consider yourselves warned!
Ordered a bouquet for my mom for Vday and it was pitiful.  Called the shop and actually spoke to the owner.  She wouldnt do anything to help, said it's not about how much the bouquet is but what each individual flower costs (thats why there barely were any), lied about being BBB accredited and yelled at me to just file a complaint with them and hung up on me.  I did file with the BBB and if youre smart you'll check the BBB website.  She is not accredited with them and has an F rating. She also never responds to complaints even through the BBB much less if your just an individual contacting her.  My mother also said that she had the exact same issue with this florist.  Never using them again and going OUT OF MY WAY to warn everyone I can not to use them either.
There was only one item that I would come here for once in a blue moon and that was their 99\u00a2 double stack. I am not a frequent fast food connoisseur and don't eat it on the regular but the double stack was one of the only exceptions I would make every so often. Well they have taken it off their value menu and raised it to $1.79 and officially made it easy for me to never step foot in a Wendys again. It's just not that good to pay any more for.  They also reduced the nuggets to 4 pieces instead of 5.  And they increased the price of their small chili to $1.49.  I will miss your value meals and dollar double stack and your beautiful red pigtails Wendy. RIP Dave Thomas.
My family insists on going to this Chipotle because they like the food.  I go next door to AJ's and buy my food because I would never eat in a place this FILTHY!  Every time I go, same thing.  I complained to management and they don't seem to care.  Doesn't matter what time we go - busy or not, tables are never cleaned, floor has food all over it.  And the bathroom?  Ugh - I won't even go there.  The health dept really needs to pay this place a visit!
This night at Red Lobster was the worst. We came here on a Saturday night. We had to wait but, not a problem at all. You expect that on a busy night. The place is under construction and that is not good to keep it open while that is going on. It actually smelled like chemicals and building materials. The worst part about this night was our waiter Bob. He had no interest in doing a good job that night or in making any money apparently. We had the worst possible service that you could imagine. Old and cold coffee, wrong drinks and ,he even put the wrong number on our order. So that when someone else brought out our food they could not find us.  The cheese biscuts are not what they used to be, All fake ingredients in my book. Not happy at all with our experiance here, I absolutly will say we will never be back.
I have eaten at other Pei Wei locations and have been satisfied.  However last nights purchase of four entrees was very disappointing.  The Dan Dan steak entree was so overcooked I think they mixed up our order with the nursing home order, you couldn't eve bite the noodles, they just mushed in your mouth.  The teriyaki chicken was also overcooked, totally dried out and without any sauce on the meat or veggies.  To top off the insult, only 2 fortune cookies came with our order of 4 entrees, is the economy so bad we are sharing fortune cookies now?
If I could I'd give this ZERO stars.  I see the reviews are all for nails, but DO NOT go here for your hair.  Worst 3 1/2 hrs. of my life!  Appointment was at 10:30 and should have been out by noon; missed a 12:30 birthday luncheon but that was only the half of it.   Had to go through about four different processes to try to correct the horrible mess she made of my hair color.  Ended up putting my hand up, telling her just to stop, and walked out with wet hair, which was neon yellow and looked like Big Bird.  Besides being totally damaged.  If they offered, as she did, would YOU go back to a place like this and let them try to fix it?  I think not.  Had to live with that embarrassment for weeks before I could go to someone who knew what they were doing and get normal hair again.  Also, the place is filthy and has only one sink, so you sit and wait to be rinsed out until that chair opens up.  So you're sitting there with chemicals burning your head and overprocessing.  It's normal for gossip in a salon but these women talk loudly about very personal and inappropriate matters (including about other employees who aren't present), AND fight with their husbands on the phone in front of clients.  It was a total three ring circus!    \n\nThey claim they've been in business in that center for over 25 years and I can't imagine how.   The new guy I'm going to mentioned he knew the owner and I had to just bust out laughing and told him the story.  \n\nSave yourself a lot of money and GRIEF; trust me, this place is anything but devine!
"""\How long is your wait?\""""\n\n\""""WHAT?\""""\n\n\""""HOW. LONG. IS. YOUR. WAIT?\""""\n\n\""""ABOUT 20 MINUTES. Name?\""""\n\n\""""WHAT?\""""\n\n\""""WHAT. IS. YOUR. NAME?\""""\n\n\""""ANITA COCKTAIL. WE'LL BE AT THE BAR.\""""\n\nThat was the extent our Grind experience. The music was so frakkin' loud we couldn't even hear the hostess. But we'd read many good things about The Grind (one of Phoenix Magazine's Best New Restaurants... holla!), so Spouse and I were determined to try their burgers.\n\nSo far it was not going well. Our first impression was, \""""Um, are you sure this is it? This a strip mall. And there are motorcycles lined up out front. We are totally gonna get gay bashed here.\""""\n\nFor homos, we're pretty brawny (Spouse got guns!). So against our better judgment, we went in anyways. After screaming our names at the hostess, we headed for the bar. Thirty seconds later, we walked out. Above the bar, there are 72 televisions (possibly a slight exaggeration) all tuned to sports. That's far too much testosterone for Date Night, and honey, that lighting is harsh.\n\nThe Grind is little more than a sports bar that serves burgers (apparently) and plays music so loud you can't even have a decent conversation. But most offensive of all? They were playing Aerosmith. That'll kill anyone's appetite."""""""
"""We keep giving this place a chance, but we always seem to head home disappointed. \n\nThe space is amazing, so we really want to love this spot!!  I feel like I could sit in the garden all day.  Then the food and \service\"""" come and we get slapped back to reality.  \n\nMy girlfriend is done attempting to get eggs that don't come out cold.  I mean, really, we may sit on the far end of the garden (our favorite spot) but it's not like we're down the street!  Cold watery eggs, even with the yummy fillings, are never a treat.  \n\nI've tried a little of everything, but I am a sandwich guy.  I used to argue in favor of the turkey, but on my last two visits it was lacking turkey and extra bacony.  I tried to go for the french toast instead, but it was just soggy and cold.  \n\nAll I end up asking is who's running the show?  I often feel bad for the service staff, because they generally look unhappy and frantic.  They frowns definitely transfer to the people around them.  This place should seriously look at having a normal service, because most of the time it just looks disorganized.  I've watched servers walk the garden 3 times to find the table they are looking for.  3 times!!  No wonder Sarah's eggs are always cold!\n\nWe gave it several shots because we kept hoping it was just growing pains.  Sadly, I cannot justify giving them more of my money to leave unhappy."""""""
"""I used to like blue wasabi.\n\nAdmittedly, I liked other sushi places better.  Blue wasabi was more of a drinking place with decent sushi, and I don't mean decent like not indecent--I mean decent like eh, it was decent.\n\nthis place has the acoustics of a mess hall.  annoying. but what really annoyed me was this:\n\none time I was there with wife and in-laws, and because I have a ridiculously sensitive palate (at least when it comes to salt) I noticed right away that there was some foul shit happening with the soy sauce.  By foul shit, I mean that they were serving the low sodium version.  *pauses for ensuing outrage*\n\nNow they serve their soy sauce in little innocuous looking devices that don't come with the courtesy of a green or red lid.  What this means is that innocent people were unwittingly eating low sodium soy sauce.  Which is punishable by law, or divine retribution when \kingdom\"""" finally \""""comes.\""""  anyway....\n\nSo I ask for the manager, and say: \""""is this low sodium soy sauce?\"""" And he says: \""""Yes.\""""  And I say: \""""Can I please have some *real* soy sauce?\"""" And he says: \""""we don't serve anything but low sodium soy sauce.\""""\n\nOne fucking star, and be glad you got even that.  You should be embarrassed."""""""
When I first heard of this restaurant I was soooo excited especially due to the fact that that the owners father is a owner of a nello's pizza. So I thought this would be the younger modern fusion of pizza. I loved the location and decor of this restaurant it was very inviting and I loved the fact that they carried LUX coffee since that is some good coffee. The pizza is another story I really didn't feel they matched flavors well duck with citrus and and too many herb mixings on all the pizzas we got. we also found hair in one of the pizza's which I got really grossed out after that and I didn't want to continue eating anymore. Overall great decor/ambiance, music and coffee is great but I will not be back after the whole pizza incident.
I've since returned to this restaurant, and gotten a bad surprise. I ordered a dish on the new menu (a lot more options than before) that came with a short description in English and had a photo next to it. What arrived looked nothing like the photo or the description. I ordered the shrimp and crab noodle dish, which in the photo looked like it had hand-made noodles that resembled Korean potato dumplings. I got a pork and shrimp noodle soup with clear, thick noodles and had a lot of pork slices, chunks of pork blood and just two shrimp. When I pointed this out to the server, she said that they didn't have what was described on the menu and what I got was their substitute. But she neglected to tell me this when I ordered, even though it seemed she knew about the planned substitution because she wasn't even surprised when I brought up the differences. \n\nAt that point, I was so hungry that I just kept the dish, but if I had known what I would get, I would have ordered something else entirely. The restaurant gave me a 10% discount off my bill, which hardly made me feel better. What if I had dietary or religious reasons that prevented me from eating pork? \n\nThis is a real shame, because before this meal I liked the place and their food/service, and preferred eating there over all the other restaurants in the Mekong complex (which has a LOT of food options). I won't be returning here, and I suggest that anyone who goes here makes sure that what you order is actually what you will receive, because the server isn't going to tell you about any bait-and-switches.
"""I live very close to this location of Julioberto's and I have eaten at this location several times. The food has always been fast and good. However my experience last night changed my opinion of the restaurant. I am solely basing my review on this experience. \n\nLast night I went through the drive-thru and when I came to the window, I noticed individual styrofoam cups sitting on top of the soda fountain. A few seconds later I saw an employee drinking out of a styrofoam cup. He took a few sips, and then poured out the rest of his cup into the soda fountain drain below the dispensers. That freaked me out a bit, but not as much as what happened next. \n\nHe then rinsed out his cup using the water dispenser on the fountain. He sloshed it around and then poured out the contents. The contents splashed all over the dispenser and into the ice maker that was just below the drain. He then placed his drinking cup on top of the dispenser with the rest of the styrofoam cups. Water was still dripping off the side of the cup and on to the fountain.  A second later another employee started filling my cup with ice from the same ice maker.  \n\nWhen I expressed disgust at what I had just observed, I was told, \It is okay.\""""  I am not sure that she understood what I was trying to tell her, because she was confused as to why I no longer wanted a soda. The lack of hygiene appalled me. I won't be back."""""""
Do not go here unless you like to listen to a sales pitch and have the guy not listen to you when you tell him what you want.  I pulled up on a Saturday morning and there weren't many cars there. The one car that was in line pulled back out and left as did I after the guy wouldn't take no to his offers.  I went to Danny's and used my coupon.  No sales job, just got the car washed
OMG....last night was a nightmare. We were (not) served by the most incompetent server,who was rivaled in his rudeness and seconded by the manager on duty.  Two drinks ordered were unavailable as there was none of the requested mixer( orange juice and 7up, or Sierra mist)\nWe waited (me without a beverage) for 35 minutes for our pizza (they were not overly busy) at which point we enquired of the manager as to when it might be expected.  He disappeared and returned several mi urea later to inform us that it would take another 25 to 35 minutes. We left!.... avoid this restaurant. Grimaldis in Old Town, Scottsdale is fabulous.  Go there .   Had to give it 1 star, but it actually this particular store deserves zero.  Get a new manager and fire the bald waiter.
Congratulations, Cafe Krishna. You're the first place I've ever given a 1-star rating. I'm a vegetarian an I was fully aware that it only serves vegetarian food, so the low rating has nothing to do with being a disappointed meat-eater.\n\nMy husband and I ate here for dinner. We were the only people in the restaurant when we ordered and it took 30 minutes for our food to arrive at the table. Somehow, my food was luke warm. Speaking of luke warm, the water I was given to drink was warm tap water with no ice. I can handle drinking tap water, but yeesh, throw some ice in it.\n\nWhen we were finished eating, we waited for the check. And waited. I then asked for the check, and the person said they'd be right back with it. They never came. So we waited. And waited. Finally someone brought us our check.\n\nIn total we were there for an hour and a half, most of the time just sitting there waiting for one thing or another. \n\nThe food itself was meh. Nothing spectacular really. I've eaten at plenty of places with terrible service when the food is good enough to balance it out. Definitely not the case here.\n\nI might come back someday and try the buffet, but I'll never be back there for dinner.
This used to be my favorite restaurant for special occasions.  Such a dissapointment when we went there in July for our anniversary.  Service was just teriible.  So understaffed.  My fish was overcooked and no apology made when I had it sent back.  I used to just love this restaurant - all the history and fine service  Not anymore.  The matredee stood at his desk gossiping with 2 friends while we waited and waited to be acknowledged.  Sad......this used to be one of the best.
I was accused of training my wife for compensation and was told to leave the gym or he (Page the trainer) was going to call the cops.  I don't know how a trainer confuses me working WITH my wife with training my wife for compensation.    Management handled this issue horribly.   Their lack of attention to the matter showed exactly what a customer of 6 years was worth.   You are treated only as a number.  Do yourself a favor and stay away.  I have since started going to a gym which is much more expensive but worth every penny to be treated with respect.
Well... where do I begin...\n\nThe parking lot is INSANE. \n\nThe atmoshphere is good, open kitchen, which was fun watching the chefs. \n\nThe employees were great, friendly, and knowledgeable. \n\nThe food... not so much. We started off with the chicken meat balls. Had no taste, and had way too much of some herb. I had the petite chicken as my dinner. This dish as well, had no taste. It was nothing special. For $16.00, I hoped it would have been amazing. Will not be back. This place is just too expensive for the lack of taste it offers.\n\nOn a side note.. if you bring in your own birthday cake... they charge you $1.00 per slice. WHAT!! Yes boys and girls... THEY charge YOU $1.00 PER SLICE of your OWN birthday cake YOU bring in.
"""I definitely will not be running back to this restaurant....if you can call it that.\n\nI understand that when I got there that it was pretty late, but the place wasn't empty and about to close, so I DO expect good service.  First of all it took waaaay too long to get anyone to notice that we had sat down at one of thieir booths.  Our dumb waitress Jennifer was barely around and we couldn't tell if she was our waitress or the dumb brunette there that could not stop giving us dirty looks.  The manager i think he was, couldn't stop being a huge douche about the fact that I was the only underage person there.  He went out of his way to come by our table and say, oh yeah your waitress asked if I had checked your IDs before when you came to the bar for a drink, so I made sure to let her know that you (points) at me, were the underage one.  Well thanks you asshole, but pretty sure I ordered a god damn coke, and not a beer.\n\nWhen we had gone to the bar before hand for a drink, I asked for a coke, (this bar is about a 10 seater so you can see everything) and he got everyone their alcoholic drinks, and left me without a drink. Even though, I was sitting directly in front of his \work area\"""".  Pretty sure you can see that my drink coaster is without a drink.\n\nNow to tell you about the horrible food that came out COLD.  The spinach dip was discusting too.  Didn't have any silverware, napkins or side plates untill half way through the meal.  Couldn't get a refill on ANY of our drinks.  I had my empty soda glass sitting at the head of the table and she walks by, \""""need anything else?\"""" and the glass is sitting right in front of her.  Uh yeah....She added someone elses tab onto our bill without saying anything or asking.  Then took her a lifetime to put it on a seperate bill.  All in all, everything was just insanely horrible.  Worse than denny's and sorry guys, but that means A LOT.\n\nLet it be known, we're in an economic depression right now, and the first businesses to feel that depression is restaurants, and as a server, you gotta milk every table that you're lucky enough to get as much as you can, because those restaurant doors could be closed the next day for good."""""""
"""This is the worst walmart out of the bunch! and that's saying alot. It took me 35 minutes to get assistance trying to print out some photos! The first employee I asked for assistance told me he's off in 4 minutes and he still needed to count his drawer so he couldn't help me...Really! I wanted to scream. I finally got some assistance when I picked up the paging phone and across the intercome told the store I was a customer in photo that needs help. I have been in this store on several occasions and I am always disappointed with the lack of customer service and the overall \get it yourself, I am too busy to help\"""" attitudes of the employees. I tell anyone I care about to stay away from this location!"""""""
You know how your wife or girlfriend is always whining about how you never listen to them? This of course as a shoe comes whistling past your cranium.\nWell The Tortilla Factory must have the same listening skills....their management never listens either.\n\nYou would think that after 111 reviews, someone over there would recognize there's a problem with the service. \nNope.\nThis would lead one to conclude no-one in management knows about Yelp, or, and I suspect this is more the case, they can't read,\n\nPrior to writing this, I read some of those 111 reviews in an effort to see how my experience last night paired-up.\nUncannily, it was true to form, explaining why this place gets two and a half stars.\n\nService was bad with waiters only stopping by to sell more drinks.\nHad to ask for the tortillas twice before ever seeing them..appx 20 minutes waiting on the free tortillas.\nHey TF, do I need to remind you of your namesake???\n\nAnd the prices for the amazingly tasteless food will stupefy you. (I sampled everyone's food in our party of eight) \n\nOld Town Tortilla Factory...you're really one sneaky bastard.\nLaying in wait....for all the unsuspecting Scottsdale visitors looking for the 'Mexican Food' experience, and instead ambushing them with your bad service, high prices and tasteless garbage you call food.\n\nBut you do have some nice attributes, which is why, similar to my situation of never listening, I still have a wife.\nOnly I'm not sure how a fountain, large patio and a cutesy margarita cup are going to keep you in business.\nOh well, who cares...right?\nThere'll be another plane full of visitors headed your way tomorrow. \n\nAre you related to Rustlers Roost by any chance? \nYou both have so much in common.
Very disappointed!! We ordered 2 cerviche    tostadas, carne asada taco, and a grilled and breaded fish taco. When we were being rung up we were told there would be a .75 cent charge to use our credit card. The cashier wasn't friendly and quite rude when we asked for help with the menu. When we asked for chips she said that would be an additional $2.00. When the chips came they were cold and gross. Our food came out in two separate orders and lacked flavor. There was hardly any meat on the tacos. When we left I asked for a refill on my Coke and the cashier told me it  would be another full soda charge. We were expected to bus our own table for this lack luster overpriced food. Sorry won't be going back!!
"""The ambiance is amazing, driving down the gravel road and actually being on a farm and in an old farmhouse to eat is fantastic. The look and feel of quiessence can be compared to few.\n\nThats about all they had going for them. The service was terrible, not bad, TERRIBLE. Where did the wait staff learn their craft? Denny's? No that isnt fair to Denny's employees, they actually come and check on you to see if everything is going alright. \n\nThe food. We had the farmer's feast, I have done chef chosen multi course dinners where the chef chooses for you, and they are generally amazing. This one, on the other hand, was poorly chosen. When I go to a higher end place and pick the option of having a professional chef decide what I am going to eat, I expect him to know what he is doing. The farmers feast is described as \multi-course culinary journey through local farms, pastures, land and sea\"""" (straight off the menu) well oddly enough my journey was only through a pig sty. Oh? Every course is pork? I know \""""everyone\"""" loves pork but this was ridiculous. My palate was never teased or excited or craving more. The meal was dull and boring. More boring than this damn review. The other major complaint was how long it took between courses. We were there for almost 3 hours for dinner. Are you kidding me?!?!?! I honestly shouldn't be waiting 20-30 minutes between every course. I am sad to say quiessence but you left me more unsatisfied than my senior prom date."""""""
"""\Why am I here?\"""" was the only thing I could think of while standing on the handicap ramp in a very crowded, very poorly chosen location. \n\nI've thought about the positives: Expansive craft beer selection, relatively quick service considering the space constraints and crowd size, live music, and lots of guest brewers coming in (shout-out to Four Peaks!). \n\nBut after considering all of these positives, I was still standing on a ramp with a $7 Brewdog IPA (which is amazing) in hand questioning why in the world they would put this great of a concept in this terrible of a location. \n\nI can't help but to think that World of Beer Inc. saw an opportunity to capitalize on the craft beer culture that has been pioneered by the likes of The Roosevelt Tavern, Four Peaks, Papago Brewing and Taste of Tops (among others), and forced their corporate concept on to Mill Ave in to whatever space they could find. \n\nIt should be noted that this Florida-based company is being run by the former management of Outback Steakhouse. At least I hope the franchisee is a local and has better bona fides than the corporate Outback crew. \n\nIf you really are in to craft beer, support your local proprietors!"""""""
"""Unfortunately, my experience was much similar to Mark's. The staff was indeed friendly, but entirely unequipped to provide proper attention to a patient's individual needs. My therapist, Melissa, was nice, but after the initial assessment she failed to explain in any detail the source of my pain, where it might have come from or illustrate a course of action. Instead, I was handed a sheet of exercises that looked like I could have printed it off of Google.\n\nMelissa often had more than one patient scheduled during our appointments. I would arrive, and she would have me work on a machine while she saw to someone else. On multiple occasions I would spend entire minutes sitting, motionless, waiting for Melissa to come back and instruct me. This is \treatment\"""" - time that I was billed for! This did not seem to be the case with Melissa alone, either. At almost all times there were at least six patients for a total of two or three therapists. One morning a woman even brought her labrador into the treatment room and it proceeded to bound around, off-leash, for her entire session. I'm a dog lover as much as the next person, but it's bad enough I have to share precious time with other members of the same species, much less a dog!\n\nUltimately, I received no relief, no specialized attention and no care. I stopped treatment after three visits and would not recommend this clinic. In addition, as Mark said, be sure to read the \""""Welcome\"""" form - it will inform you what your insurance deductible is and how much has been met. Under my plan, previous chiropractic and physical therapy treatments had not been subject to a deductible, but my benefits had recently changed. I was shocked to get a bill in the mail for $570! That is an outrageous amount to pay for such poor care: patients need to be informed of what mediocre medical treatment will cost them. \n\nI will add that, after expressing my dissatisfaction to the Patient Services manager, she was quick to respond and offer a resolution that I thought was fair. As stated before, the entire staff is courteous and patient, but I would caution that it may be worth your time to seek treatment elsewhere."""""""
I was so excited to see Chipotle in that spot many resturants have tried that location and nothing stays open. Not thinking this will either. The staff was unfriendly almost rude. They acted like they were being bothered to help and like you should know the menu by heart or something. The food was made so sloppy that my tacos has more sour cream on the outside of the shell than the inside. I only had to drive 2 blocks home and they were complety soggy, cold and gross. The taco meal which is 3 tacos, and a kids cheese crisp cost just short of 12 bucks. Way to much considering more that half of it went in the trash. Yuck, will never go back. And when I talked to my mom that lives near by about it she said the one time she went in will be the only time she ever goes either. Major disapointment.
"""Boy, they done me wrong!!\n\nI've been going to get my pedicures at Royal since before they became a \spa\"""" and a few years ago, they were honestly great! \n\nThis last time I went, I made an appointment and when I walked in, everyone greeted me like the long time customer I am. I sat down to get my pedicure and got it done by the Russian lady. The pedicure was mediocre, if that. \n\nThe thing that got me the most was that when I asked for the \""""crackle\"""" black top coating, not only was it a hassle for them to do it, but she also charged me $2 to apply it. I understand everyone needs to make money...but to charge $2 for a few strokes of nail polish, when the bottle costs $4 next door at Walmart? I don't care as much about paying two lousy dollars but to pull that when I've been a customer for about 5 years now? Nuh uh!\n\nWhen it was time for my next pedicure, I took my business to Ali's nails across the street.\n\nWill not be returning to Q Royal ever again, and I suggest you don't try them either. They are too high on their horses and don't appreciate clientele at all. And they just raised prices for some reason, like they think the service got better or something??? No. Spend your money elsewhere."""""""
All this bar cares about is your money & your money only. They do not care about individuals themselves. They willingly will treat people horribly just because they like another customer better. It is rather childish if you ask me.  There are plenty of other sports bars that have better prices, better food, better drinks, better atmosphere, and friendly employees. \nThey also have a location at bell & 32nd st. I would not suggest going there either considering it is the same owner.
I love La Bocca, but the management has changed for the worse in my opinion.  I adore the same wait staff, they are so attentive, and friendly. I usually go during the lunch hour, but I don't like that the manager is now the host and we can't seat ourselves. I have introduced myself to the manager, but every time I go ( and I go at least three times a week) he doesn't seem to remember who I am.
"""NOT RECOMMENDED!!!! LOOK ELSEWHERE  I used them once and they were good.. the movers were pleasant, polite and professional. I communicated with a lovely woman who booked my job. I tried to use them again, dealing with the owner (Patrick)  and got the shock of my life. The movers arrived, not at the time I was told they would be there, and I needed to do some fancy footwork to accommodate my 94 year old mother's doctor's appointment before her move. When the movers arrived, they did not bring any packing materials or the boxes I told the owner I would need (isn't it also standard practice to bring packing materials... just in case???). When they did not arrive prepared, Patrick told the driver I did not order them. When I called to complain, he became belligerent and defensive, saying \Well, what do you want me to do about it?\"""" l When I asked for consideration if the move took over three hours, he adamantly refused. (Hello...! Can you say \""""customer service\""""? NOT). He then commenced to quote a conversation we did not have and practically  accused me of fabricating my story.  He not only did not want to accommodate me in any way, he was rude, defensive, offensive, nasty and just plain unprofessional. I chose to inform him that the conversation was going to go nowhere and that I was going to get off the phone, which I did. To which he responded... wait for it.... by telling the movers to WALK AWAY FROM THE JOB. They did not want to , but didn't want to get fired either. Then I was told that if I paid in cash they would do the move. Then the owner called back the movers and told them TO REMOVE MY THINGS FROM THE TRUCK AND WALK AWAY FROM THE JOB.  Leaving me and my 94 year old mother who is on oxygen to fend for ourselves. They followed orders. They took all of our things off of the truck, brought them back to her assisted living apartment and drove away. The drivers were mortified, as were we. They were just following orders, so I do not blame them. But the unconscionable actions of the owner are grounds for a lawsuit, as well as a complaint to the BBB, which I fully intend to pursue. We fortunately found another mover to do the job on short notice, for less money (Budget Movers if you're interested in a reliable company), and five hours later, I finally got her moved in. NO THANKS TO JOSEPH'S MOVERS. I WILL NEVER USE THEM AGAIN, AND I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THEM!!! To be this abusive in business, especially  to a 94 year old woman is all you need to know. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL!!!! LOOK ELSEWHERE!"""""""
"""I had been a fan of Houston's (which closed) and was told that Hillstone was the replacement/new Houston's. I decided to give it a try (I was hungry/thirsty driving across town on my way home from being out all day).  I checked in with the hostess and inquired about patio seating (they have a really nice patio).  The hostess informed that the patio seating was limited to sushi menu only.  I asked about bar seating and she said that the bar seating is full menu service.\n\nI sat down at the bar and was sitting there about 10 minutes before I could get a bartender's attention.  A female batender walked to the end of the bar where I was sitting and I asked her for an iced tea and menu.  She brought my iced tea and menu about 5 minutes later.  I waited another 10 minutes before I could get her attention (she was at the other end of the bar chatting it up with some patrons) to tell her I was ready to place my dinner order (at this time, I needed a refill on my iced tea).  The female bartender disappeared right after I told her I would have the prime rib medium rare; I did not even get a chance to also request a refill on my iced tea because she left.  About 10 minutes later, a helper from the kitchen comes out with my prime rib and sits it down on the bar in front of me.  I asked him if I could get a refill on my iced tea and he said that he would tell the bartender and disappeared.  The female bartender was still on the other end of the bar chatting it up with the same patrons/not even looking in my direction so I asked a male bartender, Daniel, that was chatting it up with a group of guys if I could get a refill on my iced tea.  About 5 minutes later he brings the iced tea. The vegetables that came with the prime rib were not what I expected (had some vinegar stuff poured on them and I cannot eat vinegar; menu did not say that vegetables would be drenched in a vinegarette dressing); I was hoping to get a side salad swapped out since I could not eat the vegetables.  About a third of my steak had been consumed and I stopped and was waiting to get Daniel's attention (he was still chatting it up with the group of guys) and a helper from the kitchen came up and was trying to take my plate (thought I was finished).  I told the helper that I would need a box (wanted to at least take the rest of the prime rib home).  Daniel appeared with a plastic take home container for me to put my prime rib in along with the bill.  I asked if I could get an iced tea to go and Daniel informed me that they do not do \to go\"""" beverages.\n\nI tipped 15% (I usually tip 20-25%) put was even hesitant to tip the 15%.  No one ever checked with me to see if everything was ok (food, needed a refill on my beverage).  Original bartender walked away and left me to fend on my own to find another bartender to wait on me. Other bartender completely ignored me/would not even look in my direction.  \n\nPrime rib was good but not worth the $43 tab for a piece of prime rib, 2 iced teas and lack of service.  This place is trendy; if you are not a friend of the bartender, not a regular customer that the staff is familar with (and not ordering unlimited alcoholic drinks), do not expect to get any service or attention.  I will not be back and do not recommend."""""""
"""If Pirates took over your school cafeteria and gave you a choice to walk the plank or eat their fish & chips, better put on your swim trunks and practice your backstroke.\n\nThis was the worst excuse for food I have had in a long time. The fish was square frozen patties that didn't even have a Mrs. Smiths nostalgic taste to them. Instead it reminded me of the movie Soylent Green where the people ate the equivalent of vitamin and protein filled Power Bars. No flavor, no texture, just something to eat because there wasn't anything else. Even their special Pirate Dipping Sauce can only be described as \red.\""""\n\nIt's not the end of the world yet, and there are a lot of better tasting things out there to spend your $5 on."""""""
Sooo over hyped. I believe their attempt at creative cuisine falls flat and is only an excuse to inflate prices. I feel like it should be a rule at any Mexican restaurant that chips and salsa are free. Yet we ordered some--a small order with 3 small bland salsas. We also tried the ceviche...nothing to write home about...in other words don't waste your time. The calamari was tender but only came with 4 strips. For dinner one guest had the burger which got pretty good reviews, as did the fajitas. I had the stuffed peppers not much to say about that. The decor/ambiance is nice which is good since you will be so bored with the food.
Drove in from North Chandler to Dickinson Gateway to enjoy their IMAX.   Got to cashier to be told  IMAX is closed for technical issues.  In other words they do not have redundant projectors. I asked to talk to the manager and it seems they are too busy to talk to their customers.  I called on my cell phone and talked to a female manager or so she said.  Basically its too bad and if you don't like it go somewhere else.  Bad experience.
"""I rarely visit BRU because I know their prices are significantly higher than amazon.com, target and most other stores.  But for when I need something ASAP, I go there.  Our 4 mo old got a cold and we needed a humidifier fast!  So after working a 10 hour day, I run over to BRU, ask for help in identifying which one of the 15 humidifiers they sell is a good one...the lady helping me just read what was on the boxes and concluded that it \depended on what I was looking to spend.\""""  Really? That's all you got?  I noticed that half of the product boxes were severely dented in or visibly opened previously and repackaged.  There was even an instruction manual for one of them between the boxes on the shelf.  So I carefully chose the box that seemed to be least disturbed.  \n\nI checked out, got home 5 minutes later and opened the box.  The unit was clearly used, the metals parts were rusted inside and the serial number was blacked out.  I immediately returned to the store and told them about my damage product.  They just instructed me to go pick out another one.  I said, \""""are you kidding?  every other box i looked at has already been opened!\""""  I suggested giving me an open box discount on the open box of my choosing and she, the manager, said, \""""I'm sorry, I can't do that.\""""  I don't know how BRU runs things, but if they don't give managers power to give discounts, I can't believe anyone likes to work there. \n\nSave money and hassle, buy on amazon.com"""""""
I had only eaten at La Fonda's Mexican food restaurant three times. The first two experiences there were great. The staff during the day is the family that actually owns the business. The service was fast, food was hot and fresh, and waiter was friendly. However, the third time I ate there was for dinner with a friend of mine. We got there and had to wait around 20 minutes for a table. The reason being is it was a Saturday night and   the place had only two servers for the whole restaurant! What a nightmare! We decided to stay and have dinner since it was already 7 pm. We both ordered there standard margarita there which tasted like salt water....no flavor! Our chips and salsa were good like the other two previous visits prior. The chicken burritos we ordered were a disappointment. The meat inside was luke warm which made me a bit nervous. How long was the meat sitting? We were so disappointed we just up and walked out, never been back since. give this place a second thought before trying them out. it seems like a hit or miss kinda restaurant.
Despite delicious food and an impressive wine list, it hurts my heart to say that this place isn't worth the trouble. The staff is pretentious and unaccommodating. I have been here a handful of times and every server I have had has an excuse of why they cannot meet my requests. I understand a policy of not splitting checks, but then please let us know that when you are taking our order. One of the servers also told me that they cannot seat parties of five without a reservation. I understand having to wait for a table, but the place was just opening and nearly empty at the time. The menu also gives very vague descriptions making it nearly impossible for anyone with specific food allergies. I love my wine, but I am pretty comfortable with the fact that I will never go to this place again.
Honestly I don't get it.  I went to Dos Gringos with a good friend of mine last weekend.  I had never been to Phoenix before so I was excited to see what the city had to offer.  After entering Dos Gringos we sat at our table for 21 minutes before a waitress came to our table.  She brought us 2 beers and never came back. After 40 minutes we decided to check out a new bar since we obviously weren't welcomed at Dos Gringos.  So we went up to the bar where I waited for 5 minutes so the bartender could take some pictures and shots with her friends.  What I didn't understand was there were maybe only 20 people there and at least 6 people working.  If I was the owner or manager I would be embarrassed to say that you run that establishment.  I will never return and I highly recommend you stay away from Dos Gringos as you will be disappointed.
"""I'm in the market for a good place to become a regular so I tried here its close to where I work so I tried. I went in for a pedi and a gel mani and a brow wax, with my friend who also wanted all the same services besides the wax we were both seated at the same time starting with our pedis.\n\nMy experience - the Woman who did my pedi was great talked, and friendly she was great. I stand all day and it showed on my feet, she removed every callus and did everything that went with the ultimate pedi polished my toes great! Then the ladies switched my lady went to do my friends gel mani and I went to do my brows with the lady that had just worked on my friend, she took me in the back rudely told me to hurry up and lay down, despite the fact that my friend and I were the only two there, she did my brows quickly and burned me with the wax I told her and she put cooling gel on the area and then rushed me out to start my gel mani, she told me to chose a color I asked if they had more because they are very limited, anyways I pick and she dose everything and starts to put the gel on and gets it all over on the sides of my nails and still try's to tell me to stick my hand under the light I tell her about the mess and ask her to fix it, she tells me no it will be ok, I repeat myself and she yanks my hand and scrapes away the gel with her nail and I've never been hurt by that before but she hurt me then says now better while rolling her eyes she dose the other side and the same thing after two coats I want it a bit darker so I ask for one more coat and she tells me \ no, I don't want to use it up\"""" I insist so she does after sighing and rolling her eyes again and they are done.\n\nMy friends experience- the woman who did her feet was asking about her old polish and why she would chose that color (it was dark silver with a white flower) she told her I had a big date and it matched my dress.. The woman says \""""oh its just an ugly color\"""". This woman hurt my friend by stabbing under her big toe nail when she was suppose to be cleaning under it. She told the woman and the woman did not even apologies but said \""""oh but you moved\"""" anyway she did everything and polished her toes, she asked the woman for a flower and the woman rolled her eyes, but did it. And then the lady that had just finished my pedi went to do my friends gel mani, she was done by the time had finished my brows But she said she was nice and told here about the shop and talked about random things.\n\nWhen we were all done we went to the mirror that lines the wall and to show each other the work, and I wanted to look at my brows again they kinda hurt, when I got to the mirror I realized my gels were horrible bumpy and didn't completely cover my nails in some places and in others were still in the outter edges of my nails. And I looked at my friends toes and her design was kinda smudged and looked really cheap It didn't look like a flower but a little bush on her toe, my friend said I know I don't like it either but wouldn't say anything about it. Then I looked into the mirror to look at my brows and realized right away why they hurt she had not only burned me but torn off my skin in the process! I was very upset and spoke to the lady that did them about it and asked her to remove it from the bill she refused, I ended up paying for them anyways, I,looked at my toes kinda expecting the worse after seeing my nails but my toes were great and my friends gels were perfect! \n\nWhen I went to pay it was 80 something not bad of a price but I only had a large bill so I handed it over and waited for my change , the lady (the same lady that burned me) said \"""" and I keep the change?\"""" I told her no I want my change. She sighed and rolled her eyes but gave me my change I tipped my pedi lady, and gave the other lady half the amount. My friend took care of her tip, and the great pedi lady said goodbye and the one that burned me walked away without another word sighing as she went.\n\nMy friend later told me that the rude lady , the one that did her feet and my gels and my brows was the MANAGER of the store, that's what my pedi lady was telling her when she did her gels! This made me even more upset and at all the bad complaints I had and told her about from the manicure to the wax burn to the torn skin , and she never once said anything I'm defiantly not looking for a hand out or anything but I've worked in the customer service industry for a few years now and I would never treat my customers the way she treated us! Even a simple I'm sorry would have sufficed! SO all in all I would not recommend this place to anyone yes the lady that did my pedi was great but I can't remember her name so i wont go back and i do not want to go to any establishment were the manager is rude and has bad customer service!"""""""
"""Very AVERAGE wine selection for a 'wine bar.'. That started our lackluster experience. Ordered the hummus plate... Three types (a tablespoon of each) a pita, few shreds of cucumber and a nice pile of NASTY dried out carrots.  - 1st issue = $9 for what I would have guessed to be $5 worth.  2nd Issue = asking the waitress to replace the nasty carrots with more cucumber.  When she brought the cucumber a WHILE later I recommended that they really should not serve food like that!  Her response, \they said they just received them today!\"""" Soooo they bought the crappy dried out carrots -- not ME!  Would they serve food with bugs on it next...if they just got it today?!  What an excuse.  Well now I dont need an excuse not to go back!!!  Save yourself - try somewhere else!"""""""
Ok this place is HIGHLY OVER RATED! I really would pass. The food was mediocre are best, slightly cold when served. Asking for refills on coffee or ice tea was like waiting for Congressional Approval... \n\nThe menu looks enticing overall, even gives one hope, but seems to fall desperately short of combining what promises to be really good combination of flavors. \n\nUnfortunately the service was just as abysmal. Nice people, sweet, like molasses's about the same speed.\n\nThere are so many great places in the Metro Phoenix/Scottsdale Area.  Don't stop, keep on driving or go to Einstein Bagels next door. You will be much happier.
I love Chompies.  I really do.  Just stay far far away from this place on Sunday morning / afternoon.  The place is incredibly understaffed.\n\nTable for 3 with a baby.  Told us it would take 15 minutes to sit.  It took more like 30.  We sit down.  We wait 5 minutes, no waitress.  A table next to us get's seated.  They get greeted, get their drinks then get their food order taken.  Then the same waitress comes over and takes our order.  So now we've waited 30 minutes to be sat and 15 minutes to have a waitress come to our table.\n\nI ask for 1 scrambled egg to come for the baby as soon as it's ready.  10 minutes later a manager comes to the table with our egg.  It's undercooked and cold.  Very mushy.  You would think being the manager, he's qualified to take a look at a scrambled egg and know this is undercooked.  It was quite obvious.  I send it back.  20 minutes later our food comes out.  Still no egg.  I ask the food runner.  She comes back with an egg that cooked fine but freezing cold on a very hot plate (a very tell sign that these eggs have been sitting under a heat lamp for 15 minutes)  If the egg was for me, I would have sent it back.  But it's for a baby and I would have cooled it down before I fed him.  \n\nThe food was great but never saw our waitress again after she took our food order.  If we wanted water or extra napkins, I got up and got it myself.  \n\nThis isn't my first rodeo.  My wife had her baby shower here on a Sunday and we got the same crappy service.  I need to remind myself to stop coming here on Sundays.
"""I CAN\T BELIEVE THIS PLACE.  First off, every time we would take our animals here for their routine shots, etc we NEVER got to see the vet.  All we ever got were high school looking kids with huge gage earrings, torn jeans and t-shirts..real professional.  Today I received a call at work from my girlfriend who was crying hysterically.  She said that something was wrong with Bailey, our schnauzer.  She said that she was acting very, very ill.  I told her to take Bailey to the vet, which this vet is the closest.  She ran in and was told by the lady behind the counter that the vet was eating lunch and could not be bothered and after lunch he was going in to surgery so she should just go find another vet!  Are you flippin' kidding me!  What a load of trash!  We will NEVER go back and I hope you don't either!"""""""
"""OH Dos Hippies....how I wanted to love you sooo much.  \n\nI'd been passing this place by due to the long lines around noon, and just biding my time until I too would get to taste the deliciousness.  I should have waited longer.....\n\nI went in on a Friday around 4:30 and there was no line!  I was so excited!  I perused the simple menu and was delighted to find \Cactus Tacos\"""".  This is something I grew up eating, we called it 'nopales', and I'd never seen it on a taco menu.  So I ordered two Cactus Tacos with no cheese.  The very nice chick behind the counter said that the Cactus was prepared fresh daily and mixed with feta cheese.  Okay, I'm not lactose intolarant, just watching calories, so I said that would be fine, just no extra cheese.  She suggested I get three tacos, but I stuck with two, glad I did.  I then paid $1.00 for a can of diet pepsi. $1.00!!!? Get fountain drinks, please.\n\nI waited less than 3 minutes to pick up my tacos from the patio window in the back and sat down amongst a bunch of happily chewing people.  I was excited!\n\nThe size of the tacos was great!  I was really happy I only got two, b/c I wouldn't be able to fit in three. I also noticed that there was shredded cheddar on them, even though I'd asked for no extra cheese.  I took off as much as I could and didn't think much about it.  As I picked up the first taco, I thought, 'wow, these seem cold...omg, these *are* cold.'  Who eats cold tacos?  The nopales (prickly pear cactus) were ice cold. ice cold.  The flour tortillas were also cold, the only thing that wasn't cold were the lukewarm pinto beans.  Okay.. I'm half-mexican and will eat a lot of things in a tortilla, almost anything, but I have never been served cold nopales.\n\nOkay, I decided to give it a try, because I'm willing to try anything once. The first bite was crunchy and my intial thought was \""""holy crap they didn't clean the cactus of needles!\""""  then I realized the crunchiness was merely from the *partially-cooked* rice that was in the taco.  I opened up both tacos, scooped the uncooked rice out and finished them. \n\nI wanted to like this place so badly!  Why, oh why couldn't you have been amazing?!\n\nI may be too forgiving, but I'm willing to go back and try one of their hot dogs....but give me some time......"""""""
The counter staff is great at up selling, but will never tell you what your final cost will be or the additional charges to expect when you return the car. I've rented from Budget 3 times in the past month and have been charged an additional $100+ in hidden fees each time. Return your car less than an hour late, expect a $50 late fee, they don't care if you were caught in unexpected traffic. Make sure the price they tell you your rental costs matches what you sign for, made that mistake because the counter agent was talking to me and I ended up paying more than double what I was originally quoted. Will never rent from Budget again after more than $400 in unexpected charges & recommend not using them or be ready to pay additional fees.
Went for kennel cough vaccination for my dog 2 weeks back. Front desk lady told me it was $19 inclusive of the booster shot that was to be administered 2 weeks later (there are multiple other places that do it for less than $15, but I chose to go with them since they promised to cover the booster shot as well). I went in today for the booster shot. They said that it was time for his valley fever test as well (I didn't keep record of it since my wife was out of town and she was maintaining his records), so I asked them to go ahead with the test. After administering the shot and the valley fever test, the front desk said I needed to pay $19.9 further for the booster shot and they claimed that no one could have told me that the first $19 covered the booster as well and they wouldn't listen to me when I told them about the information I got 2 weeks back. Also, later I found out from my wife that my dog was not due for his valley fever test anytime soon ($78).. I was effectively fleeced $100 by this clinic today!
First of all i would never ever  travel with grey hound never again because the buses are never clean! There always trash on the bus its disgusting. I was on my to Perris CA to visit my dad, taking the bus on the way there was horrible the  diver was a jerk . Then on the way back to Phoenix AZ very bad experience so i pay for my daughter ticket for her own seat because she 6 years old this bus was pack some people had all there seats the diver did not said nothing but this one guy move his stuff out the way but it was only one seat so my daughter had to sit on my lap i was very mad i did not pay for my child to sit on my lap now we are all most there to Az thats when the bus diver finally did something there was a heelchiar on the bus diver he tough he can pull out some seat justva little bit ugh it was a very tight squeeze never never again then what make things worse their customers service is really ridiculous i told them i want my money back they told me they can only give me two options you can credit to your next trip or $25 cash back hell no like i said never again
There's no point in making a reservation at Breadfruit if they won't honor it.  Or to be more precise, they should be less deceptive about taking your reservation.  In our case, we were given the impression that we'd have to wait about 20 minutes for our little group.  On the phone they did tell us that there was another party ahead of us.  What they didn't tell us was that it would really be more like the 20 minutes times 3 for the four adults and two kiddos.  When we made our way in, the place was half full, but four two-tops were open and a large table for six was reserved.  Not for us, of course, and nobody was leaving anytime soon.\n\nWhile we waited, a party of two walked in and was seated.  A few minutes later, another two-top near them turned over.  A little forward thinking would have been to seat the two at one of the other open tables, and put the other now free tables together.   It would have been a tight fit, but it could have worked.\n\nNeedless to say, The Breadfruit is small.  There is no waiting area and with the kiddos we weren't going to wait outside in the drizzle.  We waited in a hallway that lead to the bathroom until we couldn't wait anymore.  In the end we walked out.  One star for the cute ambiance but for nothing else.
I have given this place 3 chances and it still disappoints me. The food is subpar, the ambiance is terrible and the servers are rude. \n\nI was there a few weeks back and my friends and I after a night out were reminiscing and our waitress was the biggest snob listening into our conversation and giving her opinion.  She was rude enough to the point we almost walked out before our food, after a 45 minute wait, was even served. \n\nThis place won't last long in old town. With mediocre food at best, slow service and rude employees there are too many other great spots in old town people will venture to.
"""I had a flight booked for me to go to training for a new job...When I learned that I would be flying US Airways I was not thrilled in the least. I've flown US Air a few times, some personal (including my honeymoon) and twice for business. \n\nFor this trip I checked in online and had boarding passes sent to my phone. I don't check bags with US Air (more on this later), and I wanted nothing to do with their \customer service staff\"""". With me I had a carry on suitcase and a garment bag. As I boarded the first flight, I asked if they could hang my garment bag for me. Every airline I've ever traveled on has a place in the front to hang a bag like this. Not US Air. The lady said \""""are you in 1st class?\"""" I said no. \""""Well if you're not in first class, we won't hang it for you. You'll need to put it under your seat because this is a full flight.\"""" OK...No worries, as I love a wrinkly suit. Other than that there wasn't much notable about the flight. (Side note: if you have a smart phone, you should 100% do mobile tickets every time you fly...Life changing.)\n\nRewind a few years, to two really awful experiences. First, we flew US Airways to Jamaica from Portland, OR in August of 2008. This was the height of terrible fuel prices and a recession, and US Air wouldn't let you forget it. $30 per checked bag, and they were charging $2.00 for sodas on the plane. TWO DOLLARS FOR A SODA? I'm paying out the ass for a ticket and my bags, and you're going to charge me $2 for what should be a free Sprite? I went thirsty in silent protest of such horrible business practices.\n\nIn addition, a couple years ago I flew US Air on business and they lost my bag on the return flight. I returned late on a Friday night and didn't have my bag until Sunday...The service at the airport and over the phone was really atrocious. I know that lost baggage people have the worst jobs on earth, but there wasn't even a hint of compassion or \""""hey sorry we messed up\"""". That's why I'll never check bags with them again, and also because I don't trust them to keep my belongings safe...\n\nI will never, ever voluntarily fly US Air. I'll happily pay more just to avoid them. Do not recommend."""""""
"""I absolutely could not say it better than Alicia B.  \I'm only concerned with the fish.\""""  Check out her review for the most succinct bottom line on Ra.  I can't say it as well or in so few words - so I will just tell you what happened to me.\n\nSeriously - I went there for the sushi and trust me, I was alone in that endeavor.  Everyone else was there for the scene.  What has been said here is true.  It is loud music, loud people, over the top decor.\n\nWe sat at the sushi counter, not because they were busy, but mostly because we couldn't get the host's attention.  The \""""chef\"""" (and I use that term generously here) who was in front of us had completely no idea what he was doing.  Granted he said he was new there, but he took our order sheet and handed it off to the next guy because he said he couldn't handle it.  I can understand \""""I'm still learning the ropes.\"""" so I cut him some slack and tried to make conversation.  \""""So, do you like to make sushi at home.\""""  \""""No, I've never made sushi before, but I like to eat it.\""""  You do not get to stand in front of customers, profess you know nothing, and cut cream cheese for a 1/2 hour.  Yuck!\n\nWe ordered: toro sashimi, hamachi sashimi, saba oshi sushi, uni sashimi, some crispy-spicy tuna thing, and some veggie tempura.  \n\nThe saba oshi sushi completely threw them.  Why even have a special order line if you can only make the 7 or 8 standard items you have on the menu?  So the \""""experienced chef\"""" to whom the menu was handed said, \""""you want saba sushi\""""?  I wanted to be clear so I said, \""""Mackerel OSHI sushi, you know, box pressed Mackerel.\""""  I got the \""""Oh, ok\"""" but I was skeptical.  Then he kept asking me crazy questions, \""""You want that with rice? Are you sure you just want Mackerel? No other fish with that?\""""  I offered to just let him give us Saba Nigiri, much simpler.  If you don't have the box or you can't do oshi sushi, no problem - I gave him every out.  We basically ended up with Saba Don - nothing like what I ordered and no willingness to admit none of them had any idea what they were doing.  And it was way sub par saba at that.\n\nSo, they were out of the toro.  No apologies, just \""""We don't have that.\"""" We tried to order the scallop dish as a substitute, but that never came.  In the end, all the better I figure.\n\nThe crispy-spicy tuna thing was almost ok.  Except the spicy was mostly jalapeno and just totally wrong for the dish and the crispy stuck to my teeth.\n\nThe tempura was the only thing that was close to good.  It was too thickly battered though and didn't come close to tempura at its finest.\n\nThe uni was gross.  I took one bite and left it there.  It was slimy and not fresh at all.  I didn't realize when I walked in, but I really shouldn't have ordered it.  This is not the place anyone who cares about fresh fish really eats.  The uni was never going to be a big seller or any good at a place like this.  This is where people go to drink silly fru fru drinks, eat exorbitant rolls that don't even resemble sushi, and to have their conversation drown out by loud music so they don't even have to think.\n\nOK on top of it being a horrible experience, the fish just sucked.  Really, terrible quality, terrible selection.  \n\nI came here on a recommendation, but can not believe I didn't check Yelp first.  Shame on me.  I will not be fooled again."""""""
"""Only God knows how this place is still in business....the food is over priced and smells like an old folks home...the menus are on their last leg and out of date....Not to mention the fact that they are trying I save a few bucks by keeping the A/C off so it's hot as balls in the place....service treats you like your the first customer they have had in a few months. and last but surely not least....their \HAPPY HOUR\"""" is a joke!!! There are no drinks on special and the food...well the only food on the happy hour menu is the sushi! And you only get the happy hour deal for HALF PRICE SUSHI.......IF....you order at least 5 items off the sushi menu.....save your time and your money....there are plenty of other places that will be better! \n\nThe most exciting part of our visit (we ordered drinks and left) was the cardboard cut out sumo wrestler."""""""
It truly pains me to have to write this review of what I would otherwise consider an excellent establishment, but recent events prevent me from recommending this restaurant to anyone.\n\nYes, this may be a bit of a rant, so in an attempt to be balanced, let me offer a little perspective.\n\nPizzeria Bianco was one of the first places that I ate at when I moved to Phoenix earlier this year. The food is very good. The service is good, but I was immediately aware that the business model is very flawed, in that I have never waited for less than 90 minutes for a table. It is true that you can pass the time quickly in the adjacent wine bar, and I have done so on many occasions. The wine selection is above average, and the environment is pleasant.\n\nHowever, the business manager (owner Chris Bianco's ex-wife) is a truly miserable human being (ask any of her employees), and her imprint on the approach to customer service at the restaurant is unmistakable. The management believes that there is absolutely no incentive to provide anything resembling an enjoyable experience for their patrons because there are unlimited numbers of people who will wait upwards of 4 hours for their signature wood-fired pizzas.\n\nAs a fan of excellent food, I do appreciate their attention to detail and excellent craft. But the consistent manner in which I see loyal customers disrespected and outright abused is completely unacceptable.\n\nWhile I do love their pizza and antipasto (which is not, irreplaceable I might add), after many months of consistent patronage, I cannot recommend this restaurant to anyone.
"""From the looks of this place, both inside and out, you would think that they would have better deals.  The appearance is what I would call \ghetto\"""".  \n\nThe beds must be old because I thought it was going to close all the way down on my face when I got in for the first time.  They also allow you to tan 20min in  the same level bed that other salons only allow 15min in and I felt as if I did not get as good as color so the bulbs must be old too.  The beds are cracked and look ancient.\n\nCheap paper posters are falling off the wall, they have tacky cork boards for local advertising and even tack fliers up in the room.  I'm not interested in auto-glass, etc. when I'm tanning, sorry.  Music is played out of an old-school \""""boom box\"""", and they still have pictures on \""""employees\"""" on their 'employee wall' of girls who haven't worked there in years.  I don't even want to know how long their lotions have been sitting around.\n\nOne day I accidentally left my Michael Kors rose gold watch in a room, called to inquire about it and they claimed they didn't have it.  Obviously they clean the rooms after each client so I'm guessing that one of the employees is rocking my watch these days.\n\nI have another friend that left her lotion for them to hold there (a service they offer) and the next time she went to tan they claimed they had throw it away.  I'm guessing a nice bottle of lotion didn't just go in the trash and maybe an employee got to put that to use too.\n\nLook around for cards locally that offer 1 week free or $10 for 10 days to new customers to try this place out if you still feel inclined to go."""""""
"""Pros:  Biscuit and gravy is A+.  Everything else - eh.\nCons: The service is laughable.  You would think the wait staff is straight out of the movie Clueless - especially the male waiter that works by the kitchen.  He will forget your order, has no idea what's on the menu, and will not refill your water.  When the restaurant gets \filled\"""" with 3 full tables, everyone hits panic mode.  I wasn't sure whether to stop, drop, and roll or jump up and join the excitement at having more than 10 people in the restaurant at one time.  \n\nI'd rather have a hangover than deal with the service at this Club."""""""
"""NYPD claims to taste like NY pizza because they use \Yonkers water\"""" in their dough.  I grew up in Yonkers. My benchmark is Carlo's Pizza at the corner of Central Avenue and Tuckahoe Rd.  That is my neighborhood.  Yonkers wins the NY State water flavor championship on a yearly basis, so to make such a claim piqued my interest.   NYPD is some of the worst pizza I've ever had in my lifetime.  \n\nWe ordered pizza with tomatoes on top.  When I picked up the pizza and brought it home, I realized that the tomatoes were stale.  Yes they gave me a refund, but anyplace that serves pizza with stale toppings isn't worth my time.  I've never eaten there since.\n\nIf you want authentic NY Pizza forget NYPD and go to Ray's at the corner of Pima and Frank Lloyd Right."""""""
"""I've always heard that a three star review is the worst rating because it doesn't invoke love of a place and it doesn't bring out emotions of hate, it's just bleh. \n\nI had a nightmare of a time getting my hair done yesterday, but I went back today to talk to the owner and received a full refund. I have never done something like this before, but when I post my tale of misery you will soon understand why....\n\nI have been growing my hair out for over a year so that I could do the generous thing and donate it to Locks of Love or an equivalent. This means I couldn't style it, cut it, or color it the way I wanted to.\nAnd anyone who knows me knows that this was a HUGE sacrifice.\n\nI contemplated many salons and this one was:\n1. Close to my house\n2. Affordable\n3. Clean\n4. Presented amazing hair cuts to choose from (because you presume that if they have haircuts on the walls and in a book that the stylist should know how to do them!)\n\nI printed a picture of a very sexy chin length cut that would have looked amazing on me and left enough hair for the donation. I wanted to go all out and sass up the color too.\n\nI called the salon and talked to a woman, who I later found out, was the owner. I explained what I wanted and she quoted me a price from $45- $70 for the color and possibly the cut. I expected it to be more in the $60 range anyway and made and appointment.\n\nWhen I went in I was greeted and taken back to a station shortly thereafter by a \relaxed\"""" woman. The woman seemed chill, but I found out that soon after she was just \""""too chill\"""" for my liking.\n\nI wanted her to put my hair into pigtails for the donation; she proceeded to tell me the L.O.L. wouldn't accept them in two ponytails. I told her they would. She comes back and puts my hair into pigtails without parting it to make sure that my hair would be even and then doesn't even measure it. I was about to mention how she didn't part the hair but was distracted that she didn't even want to measure my donation insisting that they take it no matter what the length because \""""they are so desperate for hair.\"""" \n\nNo, she needs to measure it. And I make her. She measures the donation with a comb that I presumed had a ruler on it, but after all of this, I bet it didn't.\n\nShe cuts the first side off chin length, Perfect. She cuts the other side off.... At my cheek bone.... WTF WTF WTF!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nOHMG. \n\nWTF am I supposed to do now. I tell her that is WAAAAYY too short for the cut I wanted. She insisted that it will look like that when she is done. I felt that I may have been over reacting since it is the first time I am going this short.\n\nThen she grabs her straight edge razor and says to me with hair in hand, \""""Time to carve!\""""\n\nTime to carve what?!?!!?  I'm not a fucking turkey! And there goes the hair on the back of my head. \n\nIt is too late all is lost. What the fuck. \n\nIt's 3 p.m. and I'm supposed to meet a friend at 5 p.m. Can this be salvaged? I can't go anywhere else today and get this shit fixed.\n\nThe owner then walks over noticing concern on my face. She then consults with my stylist (or torturer) about the color I wanted and told her the best way to do it. (I should have never EVER let this woman put color on my hair if she didn't know what to do in the first place.)\n\nBut hindsight is always 20/20.\n\nShe insists that it will look better with the color in it and brings me a book of color samples. I tell her that I wanted a specific red on my hair from the book. The woman looks at the number and tells me \""""we don't keep that red in stock, you would have to order that color 6 weeks in advance.\"""" \n\nReally? Six weeks in advance? Do they grow the flowers and smash up the leaves themselves? There's a beauty supply down the street, I could go there and buy it myself. \nThen the owner walks over. She's trying to talk me out of putting any red into my hair at all because, \""""when you shower or even sweat the color will bleed... \"""" \n\nIt will bleed? I have had red hair color in my hair before AND I see plenty of people dye their hair red. I know red fades, but bleeding when I sweat? I don't think so. Not unless you will be using red koolaide to dye my hair.\n\nEither way, I'm not getting red. So I tell them I want blonde on the top where the layers are and some black underneath. The owner is telling the woman how to section my hair so it looks right and I feel better because I'm thinking, \""""The owner knows what she's doing when it comes to where to color the hair. All this woman has to do is slap the dye on and style it.\""""\n\nShe brings the dye back and does the \""""black\"""" color underneath and foils it out of the way. Then she starts slathering the bleach on my hair and does not foil it, just bundles the hair up and throws a plastic cap on. I didn't notice it at the time, but she never set a timer and walked outside to have a cigarette. She comes back to check my hair and says, oh it's lifting! \nTo be continued"""""""
"""what is it with my luck paying money for services that fail to fix my problem? I went in to Big O Tires after seeing an advertisement on their window for an A/C check. After driving around 2 wks in a hot as hell car I said enough is enough and gave them a call to diagnose the problem. I was told that I was almost a pound low on freon and sent on my way. Yay! Cheapest option, right? Wrong. So very very wrong. Unfortunately I dropped by an hour before closing so I'm guessing I was rushed out while they were closing shop. They either never checked the air coming out of my vents for themselves or they KNEW they were ripping me off $150. As I pulled into my driveway 15 minutes later my car was no cooler at all.\n\nNext day I book it there to see what they could do since I just dropped some cash there. \Come in Saturday and my A/C guy will take a look.\"""" Fine.\n\nCome Saturday I'm praying for a leak somewhere. Hey! I paid $15 for flourescent dye! It better prove useful. 30 minutes later and I'm told it is low. \""""So it leaked since Monday?\"""" I asked. \""""Monday?\"""" \""""Yes. I brought it in Monday and paid for an evac and recharge.\"""" He had no idea. Smell something fishy yet? So he takes it back again and looks it over finally coming back to say he was wrong about it being low (REEEEEAAALLY FISHY) and it is either one of two parts. I was referred to a shop for them to check as they couldn't do it there but they couldn't refund me for the evac and recharge. However I could have this shop do the repairs and Big O wouldn't charge for the second evac and recharge that would have to be done on my car. First off... nobody would let someone leave their shop after doing work only to have someone else finish the job. WTF.\n\nSo here I am now spending a grand for a new A/C today when $29.95 was supposed to diagnose this a week ago.\n\nIf you are feeling charitable, at least pick a more honest organization to throw your hard earned money at. Now if you excuse me, I have a district manager to write."""""""
"""This place needs improvements in so many areas! Our experience was very similar to some of the other reviews. We went there for breakfast on a Saturday morning. There was plenty of open tables when we got there, but we were still had to wait 10-15 minutes to get seated. The hostess explained to us that the cooks were 'catching up' on the orders and that's why we had to wait. When I asked if she could just seat us and take our order 10-15 min later, she looked completely confused and said, \uh...I...don't know...I was told not to seat anybody\"""". So there was a bunch of other people just standing there, waiting, and you could see they getting frustrated by this too. \nWe finally go seated and the waitress got our order, she was nice, but took a long time to come back after she took our drink order. We waited at least 20 minutes to get our food. When the food finally arrived, we were not impressed at all! My husband got the El Jefe Omelet, it looked soooo good on the menu, but he was very disappointed. We paid $8.50 for a below average omelet with 1 slice of toast. They charge extra for sides like home potatoes...most restaurant places we go to include the toast and potatoes with your meal, especially when you pay that much! So yeah, their prices are not the best, especially for the quality and quantity of food. I got the El Gallo Torta, and it was OK. We also paid $3 for 1 egg and a slide of toast for our son, and never got a refill on our coffee.\nThis place has potential, I like their concept, but they need A LOT of improvement if they want to keep customers coming back. I know we won't be back after our disappointing experience."""""""
Are you kidding me?  Seriously.\n\nIf you like less than mediocre food while porn is being thrown in your face, you'll find it here.  Seriously.\n\nWe never would have gone in here if we had any idea.  Seriously.\n\nCorporate Suits in town wanted to take a few folks from my office to lunch and chose this place.  There's an hour of my life I'll never get back.  Seriously.\n\nThis place makes Hooters look very upscale and classy.  Seriously.  \n\nAnd the food.  Huge burgers and fries are the only choices.  The burgers?  Think Encore Frozen Salisbury Steaks on a bun.  Seriously.\n\nWe left with the unanimous agreement that none of us would ever see the inside of this place again.  \n\nSeriously.
I got a recommendation from a friend to eat here.  He loved it.  I did not.  \n\nI went here with my husband and a friend who was visiting from out of town.  We made a reservation and good thing because they were so busy.  The interior decor was charming and the bathrooms were fun.  It was a nice spring day so we sat outside.  And that's when it went downhill.\n\nOur server took forever.  We asked for chips and salsa several times and never got it.  The busboy kept bringing chips to the tables around us but never to us.  Finally, the chips finally arrived -- a few minutes before our food did!  The food was not good.  We each ordered something different and none of us liked what we ordered.  We tried switching dishes hoping we would like something the other person ordered but no such luck.  The only thing we did like was the sangria.  \n\nI wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.  Save your money and go to a real Mexican restaurant.
Let's just say that it's a pretty cool place that based on service won't be open long. We stopped in for MNF and had to beg to be served! Then they took the meal order for my girl friend, but didn't take mine. One meal came out and they finally put 2 and 2 together and figured out what happened.\n\nNext, we had to actually reach over the front of the bar to get silverware. Most restaurants automatically give those to you.\n\nNext, the ice in the drinks is so small, you have to use a straw, whether you want to or not. \n\nCan't rate their food becasue they never asked if I wanted to order but the service was awful and I won't be back.
So rude, normally this is my go to delivery Chinese place, but when I called tonight the lady was a damn idiot.  First they have a min of $15 order for Togo, which I was over at 18.50 without tax, but this girl tried to tall me that it wasn't enough money, once I did the math I called back and she said she didn't realize I also ordered the rice and then continues to ask me 3 MORE TIMES if I wanted fried rice.  I'm used to the language barrier when ordering from these types of places, but really 3 times??? AND THEN, the best part, I basically told this lady she's dumb and I'm not sure if I even want to Oder from her and she HUNG UP ON ME.  I called 3 more times to speak with her boss and she kept on hanging up on me.  Never ordering from this place again.  And that stupid girl is lucky I didn't figure out her name or it'd be put on blast.  Definitely making sure these aholes don't spit in my food or try to feed me dog meat.
"""My husband and I came to town to visit with some friends and we decided to try the diner. I decided that with all the up and down reviews it would probably be a fine enough place. We were greeted at the door by a very friendly gentleman who welcomed us in. It was about 1:30 in the afternoon and not very busy. That was the last of friendliness we experienced. It took about 15 minutes to be \greeted\"""" by our server. She took our drink order and left menus. After another 10 minutes our drinks came and we placed our order. I thought that so far, we had been waiting a long time and I was starting to fear the worst of the reviews creeping back into my mind.... My husband and I ordered the meatloaf with fries and a side of gravy. My friend ordered the mac and cheese and her husband a burger with extra cheese and bacon and gravy fries. Both orders of meatloaf looked very dry even with the gravy on top, the side of gravy didn't come out with meal, the mac and cheese was runny like it wasn't cooked enough or hastily thrown together. The burger was looking good but if one piece of cheese is extra cheese....... When we asked for our side of gravy and my friends husband asked about the extra cheese.... I felt like we were asking for our meal for free..... Overall..... The best experience we had was at the door by the gentleman who greeted us... The meatloaf was mediocre at best and the gravy a congealed mess and salty along with our alleged \""""fresh cut\"""" fries.... The mac and cheese was not good at all according to my friend but her husband said the burger was good and the pickle that came with it was nice and crunchy. I do think that the service staff could be better and more friendly. They were very chatty amongst themselves while the ice was melting in our drink glasses and God forbid you question what you were getting. I think we will have to pass on this place the next time for sure. Save your money too and to the gentleman who greeted us so nicely at the door, thank you! To bad the rest of the staff couldn't be more like you...."""""""
"""I must be one of those \chumps\"""" because I just ate here 30 minutes ago and thought it was terrible. First off, the parking situation is ridiculous. I drive a long-bed crew cab truck so it's not like I ever expect it to be easy, but WTF? They have spaces facing a wall, which are easy to get to, but then have more spaces behind those for parallel parking and there isn't room for a go kart to back up when someone uses those other spaces. \n\nWhen you go inside it smells incredible, but when you get your food it just smells like pure butter. I am not even sure why I ate my dinner. It was a mix of ingredients that just didn't work. I had a carne asada burrito, probably not their specialty, but read enough of my reviews and you see thats almost all I eat. It was almost half beans, then a bunch of guacamole, and some very tasteless meat. It was a cardboard/bean/avocado burrito. The tortilla had so much damn butter on it that it tasted like a butter stick. I'm not looking forward to seeing my cardiologist report after this. \n\nProbably the one redeeming quality I see is the little 11 year old girl that was the cashier/order taker actually spoke english. The rest of the staff were not bi-lingual, and while they don't need to be, it seems funny that the entire menu is in English. I have no problem saying carne asada, but why type \""""grilled steak\"""" on the menu if you don't want me to order it that way?"""""""
Went last night to Whore Foods to get basics to make pizza with, most clutch to the process was a three pack of yeast. Low and behold, the dirty hippie kids they have working there again didn't put something in the bag.\n\nAnd this time it was the yeast.\n\nI love the food there, but the employees are nothing more than entitled hippie kids from Scottsdale who can't be bothered to do their goddamn jobs! I am so sick of this crap with this corporation. Maybe its a Phoenix thing, or maybe its the hiring and firing processes of Whore Foods, but I am done shopping at any Whore Foods. In a place like Phoenix, where you have alternatives such as Sprouts, you'd think Whore Foods would smarten up.\n\nOr when you try to ask someone who works here where something is, and they just walk by with their nose high in the air. I understand its important to show your fellow dirt merchants that you're a super star, but I don't work with you, I contribute to your salary and over inflated set of benefits for a grocery clerk, so do your goddamn job. Useless little girl in need of a shower and orthodontist. \n\nBut alas, Whore Foods and its dirty hippie employees have alienated yet another person with a job and a degree into hating everything that place stands for.\n\nOh yea, one other thing, take the concealed firearm prohibition off of your stores. It didn't stop Jared Loughner from doing something horrid, and all it does is alienate law abiding citizens from their Constitutional rights. I understand you think that only parts of the Constitution should apply, but honestly I think you need to pull your collective heads out of your ass and take a shower.\n\nUseless motherf*&#$@s!
"""I've tried both Wongs and I can say with certainty that I prefer Big Wong.\n\nSince Big Wong closed, I heard that Peter Wong (her brother's place) is fairly similar but I don't think they even come close. When I arrived for dinner, I noticed the decor was very dated. They still had decoration up from the 80s. There was also a mini stage available for wedding, if anyone is interested. \n\nThere were two other parties there but no host was to be seen. It appears to me that there was only the mother/son team working the kitchen and the front of the house. So service was slow all night.\n\nWe ordered: deep-fried tofu, stuffed with shrimp; orange flavored chicken and honey walnut shrimp but I was told that they ran out of the sauce for the walnut shrimp (which was mayonnaise) so I switched that out for the roasted duck.\n\nThe deep fried tofu was missing a lot of shrimp and by a lot, I mean \stuffed\"""" was used loosely on the menu. The roasted duck was heated up in the kitchen because there were pieces that were refrigerator cold. The orange flavored chicken was missing flavor. \n\nGordon Ramsey and his Kitchen Nightmare team need to visit this place. I know the owner is a nice person and her son, looks like he hates working here and probably only doing it to help his family out."""""""
I was looking for cupcakes for my son's birthday and saw that the bakers at this shop were on Ace of Cakes, so I thought I would check it out.  I went on-line and was unable to find pictures or descriptions of their cupcakes, so I called them.  The man on the phone tried to walk me through the site and then determined that there was a glitch, and so I was unable to get any information on the cupcakes.  I asked him what time they closed, and he indicated 8, so I mentioned that I would bring my son by before 8 to check out their cupcakes.  The Coffee Shop was about 25 miles away from my house, and not easy to find, but my son was very excited to test and pick out cupcakes for his party.  When I got there, before 6, they were out of cupcakes.  The girl at the counter was not friendly and when I expressed my frustration regarding trying to get info on-line, then on the phone, and finally by driving 25 miles, she simply indicated that she does not bake the cupcakes.  I did not feel like I was valued as a potential customer, and that they had no interest in trying to help me (were not able to show me pictures or flavors or cupcakes).  There are many great bakers in the valley and I prefer to hire one that is customer focused.
Two words, BABY ROACH..... yes I said it.. and it's true and I hate to because I've know of Macayo's in it's better days, but they've gone down hill. I've only got the steak fajitas here. Every-time I walk in seems like the front-desk is f'ing off somewhere, but at least when they show up we get seated right then. Never waited very long, 1st steak fajitas seems fine. 2nd time the steak a little undercooked, but I didn't complain (I sometimes have my steaks medium rare), 3rd time they served me all onions and no bell peppers with my steak, my Wife's meal didn't come a listed on the menu and about 10 seconds after they brought out an additional plate tortillas I saw a baby roach walking on the table. I secretly squished it (with a napkin) and never told my Wife or she would have thrown up..... We left immediately... True story.
I don't like to give places a 1 star review unless I have either gotten sick or had a really bad experience. I sort of had a combination of the two at China Magic Noodle House. I saw a groupon for this restaurant a couple days ago and it looked simple and good so I went ahead and bought it. I am always in the mood for noodles so I was excited to try this place, and it was right down the street from my house. So Sunday afternoon we decided to eat here for lunch. I have been sitting on this experience for two days now and I feel that I am not giving a harsh review based on my experience. \n\nWe walk in around 3pm and there were only a few tables being served. The first thing that hits me is the smell of this place. My first thought was that it smelled like urine. I'm sure it was just a combination of the spices and whatever was being made in the kitchen, but it was not a mouth watering smell like you should experience when you walk into a restaurant. I should have turned right around and went home, but we stayed. So we sit down and someone brings over some water and some boiled peanuts and pickled vegetables. I still am not sure if this was supposed to be some kind of appetizer or a garnish for the noodles. It was a little weird. So I decided on the spicy vegetarian noodle dish, and my husband decides on the vegetables and fried noodle dish and a strawberry smoothie. I see that there are spring rolls on the menu as well. There is a language barrier here with the waiters so when I asked if the spring rolls were vegetarian at first she just thought I was ordering them, but after asking three times whether or not they were vegetarian I think she finally understood what I was asking. So I was a little bit concerned about these. \n\nEverything came out really fast. Like around 5 minutes fast. The spring rolls were vegetarian, but they tasted like they came out of a freezer bag. And the vegetables inside were really limp and not crisp at all. A couple packets of mustard and some gelatin like duck sauce come with the rolls. I didn't use either. How hard would it be to make a really simple nice sauce for the rolls? My noodles come out first and at first they look really good and I was excited. However as I am eating them I am noticing some weird textures in the supposedly vegetarian sauce. It tasted almost like some kind of seafood and it was gritty. I didn't finish it and when I asked two different waitresses what was in the sauce, neither of them could tell me. Which is concerning. I can't feel good going back to a place that can't tell me whats in the vegetarian sauce. My husband liked his noodles, but he isn't as paranoid about what his food is made out of as I am. His smoothie tasted like a slushie you get at 7-11. I am sure it was made with some kind of red dye and not fresh strawberries. Sickeningly sweet as well. \n\nAbout an hour later we are walking around Target and my stomach starts to burn. I feel this intense burning sensation in my stomach for the next two days. I think there is some kind of issue with MSG here possibly. I don't know what else could have made me feel like that. I also didn't eat pretty much anything for the next two days because of how bad my stomach felt. \n\nThe only cool thing about this place is the guy who pulls noodles in the big window in the middle of the restaurant. Prices are also pretty cheap. Its cash preferred as well. Other than that, I am sorry to say I won't be back.
"""I will say that word \grocery\"""" is a tad misleading.  There is food to buy, but it's limited selection is like a cross between an expensive 7-11 and what you would find in Mario Batali's Food Network kitchen.  Plus, no one could ever need that much pasta, olive oil & balsamic vinegar, especially at that price.  I digress though...\n\nMy main issue was with their \""""lunch\"""" offerings.  I had an artisan pizza, and my friend a salad.  My friend self-described her salad as \""""eh...ok\"""".  My pizza was not only grossly overpriced, but it the worst pizza I've ever had.  The toppings were sparse, and didn't seem that high in quality.  Plus, it was so greasy.\n\nFor as long as I can remember, I have unmercifully made fun of people who blot their pizza with napkins to take grease off, but I confess I had to do it today.  The box was almost soaked thru before I even got, so you can only imagine how much was pooled on top.  It was barely edible.\n\nAfter I got back to work & looked at their website, they barely seem loosely affiliated with the original Oakville Grocery in Napa.  This location isn't even listed on the real Oakville Grocery website... \n\nIn the end, you can find the same products elsewhere & the food here is nothing to write home about, so save yourself the trouble."""""""
"""I hired EcoFresh to clean 2 rugs and my formal living room couch and loveseat after our move.\n\nUnfortunately I didn't have a good experience with them and the end result is 3 cushions on the couch and loveseat are ruined. \nI called Ecofresh the day after they came to do the cleaning of my belongings to inform them that I had noticed some spots on my couch/loveseat after they cleaned and it looked like the fabric had been bleached. They sent one of their technicians out a few days later to redo the bleached areas and I ended up with blue stained cushions. I called them again to inform them of the blue stains that were now on my cushions and again they sent their same technician out again to redo the same cushions for the 3rd time. I ended up with 'bleached stained' looking cushions again. \n\nI continued my communication after 4 weeks in regards to the damaged cushions (4th call) with Ecofresh and they asked if they could come pick up the cushions and examine them at their shop.\nAfter a week without my cushions, I had to call and follow-up with Ecofresh to see what the outcome was after they took my cushions to their shop to examine and asked if I could pick them up from them, but then I was informed that they were at a different business unrelated to Ecofresh in downtown Phoenix, at 'McFarland Carpet Service'. They sent my cushions to a different business owner and he had nothing to do with my cushions.\n\n At this point I spoke with Phillip (the owner of Ecofresh) and he seemed unremorseful about this whole situation and mishap.   I informed Phillip of having a few upholstery professionals examine the spots on my couch and he indicated to me that they needed an 'ICR certification' and if they didn't have this certification that their opinion didn't matter or qualify.\n\nAfter picking up my cushions and finding out that McFarland Carpet service was NOT ICR certified and was not sure why Ecofresh brought my cushions to him, Phillip proceed to call me back and say that he was sorry and he would be refunding me my money for the cleaning service. Phillip then indicated to me that he was going to get an 'ICR certified' person for upholstery to come examine my cushions so we could find out why this happened.  I was please of this news.\n\nPhillip had Oscar from Bailey's furniture come out examine my couch. When I called Oscar to coordinate a time for him to come he indicated that he did business with Ecofresh and he was NOT \ICR\"""" certified. Oscar came out and examined my couches and indicated to me that they used the wrong product on my couches and he would let Ecofresh know the damage they had done, since they supposedly hired him to look at my furniture.\n\nAt this point it has been about 5 weeks since I began the whole process with Ecofrech. They said they were going to refund me (last week) the charges for the services and in the case the damage was their fault they would pay for it. I have not seen a check for the refund for the services and no resolution on my damaged couches.\n\n From the 2 individuals as well as Oscar from \""""Baileys Furniture\"""" (that Ecofresh hired) there is about $ 4,000 worth of damage.\n\nI would NOT recommend EcoFresh and I wish them the best of luck in their business if this is how they treat their customers."""""""
I also received a personal response from Joe, the owner. He offered to return my money since we were so disappointed with our visit. Although that isn't necessary, I understand everyone's tastes and expectations are different. Being a personal chef for many years, I look for originality, depth of flavor, and complexity of seasonings. BBQ sauces have a tendency to contain too much molasses and ketchup, which makes them too sweet.\n\nWe have a BBQ place here that offers six different sauces. You get to choose which one you want, but to me, if the meat's preparation has been given a great rub, no sauce is needed.
This Safeway scares me. Most of the checkers are scary, the shelves are constantly out of stock and the crazy bums that hang around the corner are annoying.\n\nWhatever renovation they did failed (although I did win an iPod). I go to this place only when absolutely necessary. The Safeway on Osborn nearly 3 miles away is a helluva lot better choice.\n\nWiFi? In a Safeway? This place manages to attract the creepiest people that sit on their laptops. They aren't sipping coffee, and I really don't want to know how they even afforded that Dell they are hunting and pecking away at.
After working for someone who was on their VIP list and then planning my own trips, I've realized there are definitely two levels of customer service: those who arrive at the drop off in a Mercedes and those who get dropped off by the bus.  I personally try to avoid flying in general because big crowds, undetermined schedules, and confined spaces just scream potential chaos situation, but I definitely avoid US Airways because, as a member of the non-VIP crowd, I've always experienced horrible customer service.  It is common, in the travel sector, to deal with delays and schedule changes due to weather or other issues, however, it's completely unnecessary to remind me, by your tone of voice, that I do not provide the company with enough cashflow/year to be considered important.\n\nUnless you fly first-class on a weekly basis, you won't get much customer service from them.
Was dissapointed in this last job and wasn't so impressed the first time, so my fault for going back. First, if I am paying $18 to have a simple hem done on pants, I would hope that would include them pressing the pants. Second, when I put the pants on, I am positive they didn't even hem them. I will not be taking them back for them to charge me $18 again, and will probably be doing the hem myself.
"""I am furious with this place! In the past I have been a big fan of Pro Tan (other locations) as the beds tend to be newer and well maintained. But this location has got to be the worst. \n\nThe girls are snotty (which is fast becoming my biggest pet peeve - self absorbed high school girls with a minimum wage job who think they are gods gift to the world. Get a clue, honey.) \n\nBut the thing that really put this place on my sh*t list is their spray tanning. They have the Versa spa booth. A very simplified way to get a tan. You stand in four different positions and boom, done. Normally that is. \n\nThe first time I Versa tanned at this location the machine sputtered, and I could tell something was wrong. Sure enough once it had \developed\"""" it was spotty in places. I called the manager and she was nice enough and offered to let me try again. So, ok I can understand equipment error, so I dutifully scrubbed the first layer of my skin off and went back. It worked the second time, but it was a pain in the butt to have to go out of my way while on vacation. \n\nSo I'm in the area again a few months later. And, I go in for a spray tan. This time the girl at the front wants to sell me the primer, the tan, and the after moisture lock. I agreed to give it a shot, thinking \""""hey this might be new and improved\"""". But no. Now instead of just going in and having all three primer,tan, and moisture in-one, they want you to pay more money to literally learn a cheerleading routine. Back, front, side, side, back, front, side, back, front...seriously? \n\nBut I didn't even have the opportunity to finish my glorious dance routine, because after the first front, side step....the machine gurgled and died. Thats right, folks. I was standing there naked and cold with half a spray tan. Pretty much the exact thing that a person worries about when first hearing about spray tans, but which one is assured \""""never happens!\"""" \n\nTo cut my rant short, I had to get dressed, get the bimbo up front (sure enough, her words were \""""Oh it has never done this before.\"""" No sorry, no offer to fix the situation) Her best effort was to tell me she could reset it and I could try to leap in at the point where I was left off. Needless to say I told her I wanted my money back. This prompted her to have to call the manager, and finally ask for the credit card that I had paid with so she could refund the charges. At that point I asked why I couldn't just have my cash back since I hadn't paid with a credit card. It was a joke. \n\nIts a shame I won't ever be back here because the location was great for me, but by now if something annoying/shitty/ridiculous happened there it would just be shame on me for not learning my lesson."""""""
"""Booked this hotel because of a local softball tournament and the price seemed pretty good, but I should have known better.  You get what you pay for.  Our first night of three we were put in a room that had a loud air conditioning drip, the kind that gets louder and louder when you try to sleep! We drove from San Diego so we were too tired to complain.  The second night it got worse, so we did complain and they moved us to another room where they used industrial strength Febreze to cover the dirty smell of the room and it smelled like a cheap men's cologne - drenched on everything. So, after a sneezing attack and asthma onset, we moved to another room that was ten times worse.  If you have any allergies, ask them not to spray this chemical in your room.  Finally, after sitting in the lobby with all our luggage for an hour they gave us a \clean\"""" room without all the chemicals.  But, the bathroom was lacking one important amenity, no light fixtures above the sink.  Only a heat lamp over the toilet.  So, if you don't mind  not seeing yourself while shaving or putting on makeup, its an average room to say the least.  Good luck!"""""""
Opened up a checking account several weeks ago. The card I received had my name spelled wrong which was an error I probably wouldnt have noticed until they called me a day later. I went back to the branch where they offered me a gift card for my troubles in hope that the experience didnt leave a bad taste in my mouth. Well, I went to use the gift card (no activation required) and it declined saying there was no amount on the card. So I thought eh, I'll try it some other time. Well tried it again and still does not have a balance. I emailed customer service over a week ago and still havent heard back.
"""BEWARE THE EXPENSIVE, UNWARRANTED UPCHARGE--NOT WORTH IT!\n\nBack in my college days, I would frequent Einstein Bros often. Inexpensive food when you're on the go. On my way to work this morning, I decided to revisit my once-frequented bagel go-to. At first I was glad to see their \Healthy Options\"""" menu, featuring the asparagus mushroom and swiss bagel thin, which is what I ordered. I requested the swiss be replaced by cream cheese. The clerk asked if I wouldn't mind a \""""70 cent\"""" upcharge. Immediately I think this strange that I get charged additionally for one cheese over another, but I'm in a rush and not overly worried about 70 cents. When another clerk rings me up, the bill was $1.50 more than I expected. Yes, they charged me $1.50 extra for cream cheese. I inquired as to why the incredibly high upcharge, to which the clerk curtly replies, \""""sorry.\"""" When my sandwich finally arrived (the other issue was the incredibly long time it took to place the order, another long wait to pay, and yet another long wait to receive the bagel--interestingly enough there were only a few other people in the store), the asparagus was ice cold and the bagel hardly toasted. All in all, this was a bad enough experience to never revisit this or any other Einstein Bros location."""""""
Brunch was one of the worst experienced. over-priced ($18 per person) and just off. a mimosa served in a tumbler filled with ice? lame. mimosas come in a flute, period. Euro- styled pancake was thin chewy and better off as a frisbee. Mexican scramble on tortillas was disappointing. I was hoping for something resembling huevos rancheros but was left with dry scrambled eggs on dry tortillas. the cheese was mildly flavored and the salsa did have a kick but not enough to make the dish. never again. this place while trying to be different failed. top it off, the waitress was annoying and ditzy. meanwhile, Scramble next door had a long line almost out the door.
"""My wife and I met there for lunch. We started with an order of fried pickles which were horrible. The batter was grainy like it consisted only of cornmeal. We each ordered fish tacos which arrived luke warm. Our waiter was running all over the place and seemed really behind...this would explain why our food arrived late. The fish was heavily battered and heavily deep fried.....like a big, greasy sponge. I know some of you are thinking \why did this guy go to a wings place and get fish tacos\"""". Well folks, once I got a look at their wings I decided the fish tacos were probably a safer bet. I make delicious fish tacos at home and figured they couldn't screw them up. I thought wrong.\n\nSo $30 and a gut-ache later I find myself wondering why I thought this place would be any good at all. Do yourself a favor and avoid BWW at all costs. Where did I put that Maalox again?"""""""
On May 4, 2012, while on vacation, I had a pedicure with Christine who injured me by removing live skin. A deep wound quickly formed and became infected, causing great and constant pain and making walking almost impossible. At the time, the doctor came to look at the injury and advised against using topical antibiotic.\nNow 3 weeks later the wound remains unhealed and the pain remains severe so that walking is extremely difficult.\nI've called several times and the first time the doctor called me back. I've requested a refund and only received one for the tip. I have seen a doctor since returning to DC who is treating the infection.\nWhat was to have been a relaxing hour was instead and remains a painful experience.
"""I need to preface this review with one statement. \n\nI used to love the food. I used to be a regular here and told just about anyone that would listen how good it was.\n\nHere is the bad. I was eating lunch here one day and broke a tooth on a bone or large piece gristle. I was not just a chipped tooth, but an actual break. I informed Dan Maldonado, the owner, before I left. He was seemed genuinely concerned and cooperative.  I went directly to the dentist and was informed it would need  a crown.  A few days later I went to Tacos Atoyac to discuss this with Dan . He was the exact opposite and informed me that his cousin was a lawyer (big deal) and that it was up to me to prove it happened there. Well, I gave Dan the benefit of the doubt and let him know I was not there to shake him down. Really, all I wanted was an apology and a little help with the dental costs, which amounted to over $1,000. I left my card and waited a couple of weeks for a call.\n I never expected him to cover all of it, or even half of it. I was looking for a little acknowledgement.  I never got it. I stopped by a couple of times and Dan was either \not there\"""" or too busy to talk. I expected more courtesy. To his credit, he offered to buy my burrito the last time I was there. Unfortunately,  it was was weak attempt to make amends. I did not accept, because this was never about money. \n\nAs far as the food, make your own choice, but be careful. It could cost you more than $4.00 and the owner could care less about the repercussions to his customers."""""""
Do not I repeat do not use this rent a car. First of all I got there and all went ok  at the desk then they sent me to get my car , a Versa, and when I get to the gate to leave the teller tells me the Id # is wrong. so back up and go to the window and find out whats wrong. Dodo in the lot tells me the car I need is a Buick.  I have to put the car back and go to the window and she tells me the paper work is wrong and she has to print up a new ticket. The car I just parked is the car I'm supposed to have. So i have to walk and get the right car again. Then I only drove to my friends home in Scottsdale parked and never drove the car again til I came back to the rental. I was super late and the gas needle never even moved yet they said I used 2 1/2 gallons of gas to drive 84 miles in a versa??? Really , the asshole who took the car from me probably put a gallon in his car and 1 in mine.  Never Budget again.
"""I don't know if this place has gone downhill since the last reviews or if the people involved are used to lack luster \authentic\"""" Mexican food. Party of two last night, just me and the wife yet it took the staff at least 10 minutes to set our table with menus and ask us about our drink of choice. (- 1 star) I ordered a #12 (Red chili burro, taco, R & B) and my wife ordered the Carne Asada plate. The food prep took 40 minutes to get to our table (-1 star), and the only exciting thing was watching the tables next to us get food in 15 minute intervals and by the time one table is finished eating the next received their food. My red chili burro had tough meat and the sauce was clearly out of a can and the wifes Carne Asade was far from par it was a tough double bogey. (-1 star) The place was packed so I gave them some slack but when the waitress says they are out of ice while another is putting ice in a pitcher that's where I draw the line. Horrible service from the majority of servers, with only one working hard (-1 star). Nothing like waiting 10 minutes for a refill or more chips, and the whole dinner for two was nearly 1.5 hours long for a hole in the wall cafe. I normally gives places a second shot, but it's a slap in the face to a real good authentic place in other parts of the valley I.E. Pedro's in Glendale, or Rita's off 43rd ave and the I-10. I will not be back :("""""""
"""First of all, please forgive. I have been AWOL for the past...months!!! So many changes in my life have happened--mainly the \career\"""" aspect of it--that I haven't had the chance to catch up with the \""""social\"""" aspect. \n\nOkay, I jest...I've been going to happy hours left and right that I haven't had time to even write a single review for the past few months. Hey, at least I know that the first step is acknowledgement that I have a slight problem.\n\nAnyway, I work in downtown Phoenix now...and let me start off my new batch of reviews with the NASTY.\n\nHere it is in a nutshell...101 Bistro is a waste of precious, precious real estate! From what I've heard, this restaurant has re-incarnated itself a few times, and each time, the owners can't seem to get it right. \n\nIt was lunch time and this sheltered suburbanite decided to step into what seemed like a very cool place from the outside. 101 Bistro has a corner, sidewalk patio where you know want to be seen with your patent leather high-heeled shoes, your Chloe Paddington bag (the fake one, of course), and maybe your pouffy, yappy dog, while sipping tea and munching on the most decadent chocolatey cheesecake. Well, I didn't possess any of those that day, so I opted for a table inside where the lunch atmosphere was the typical \""""blue-tied gentlemen and women in ubiquitous polyester suits (not that there's anything wrong with polyester)\"""" all intently examining the mysterious brown leather-bound portfolio, acting as if they have some top secret shit in their hands. You know the kinds.\n\nAnyway, my lonely self found a corner table and began looking at their lunch menu that is supposed to be served fast enough to get you back in the office on time. I decided on the gyro--with slices of meat, shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes, onion and then drizzled with a Mediterranean yogurt sauce wrapped in a fresh, warm pita bread (is that what you call the bread?). Oh it was served super fast alright, too fast that the warm pita bread was not at all warm and the thin slices of meat could use a little more nuking (oh please don't tell me that they only grill their meats...if you have to serve it quick, I'm sure you nuke it). The meat also needed more seasonings (Mediterranean seasonings preferably). Ooooh, and that yogurt sauce drizzled over it? Water-y and bland.\n\nSo, my lonely self was forced to never let go of the pepper shaker throughout my dining experience and peppered that crap out of that gyro just to give my taste buds some kind of sensation and pleasure. Then I had a thought! Maybe...just maybe...I should order some kind of dessert to make my lonely self feel all better deep inside. But alas, I looked at their refrigerated display case where their desserts are housed, and sad to report, I couldn't really see inside because of the major condensation on the glass! Their frickin refrigerated display case was not working up to par; there was a pool of water on the floor (meaning: the ice is melting); and there are rounds and rounds of cheesecake and other dairy-filled goodies in there waiting to be saved!!! IN THE SUMMER HEAT!!! Uhhh...I don't know about you but, improperly refrigerated dairy desserts in the Arizona heat is a no-no to me.\nSadness filled my heart for 101 Bistro. It has the potential to become the hip happening lunch place to be seen, especially when the light rail is up and running. \n\nBut hey, the service was fast...so fast that they forgot to give me my iced tea (until I realized that I was choking on the bland gyro) and my eating utensils (until I realized that I needed a fork and a napkin to wipe off the watery yogurt sauce dribbling down my chin). \n\nSad!"""""""
First off dessert and wine were great. Went there with a group of five. Had drinks, dinner and dessert. Shared the creme brulee and red velvet cupcake. But two of us also shared a bout of violent food poisoning. Although we didnt eat the same thing we both were spewing not much later and one of us even took a trip to the ER. Not a clue what was contaminated that made us both sick. Maybe it was the edamame, who knows. But for sure, will not be going back.
"""My boyfriend and I were on a date. We had made plans to go watch a move at the iPic for the first time. Being it Scottsdale and a nice area, we decided to have dinner at Tanzy first, (yuck), and then decided to give Salt a try since we were early for the movie. We sat in the lounge area. We were greeted by some guy, no name, nothing, just gave us a menu. And then asked us what we wanted for drinks. We decided since our cocktails at Tanzy were gross, we thought it might be better at Salt. Um no, their cocktails/specialty drinks were just as gross. I ordered the Arizona Rita, so gross! it didn't taste like any alcohol in it. It tasted really sour fruit puree! My boyfriend had a bad experience with the cocktails at Tanzy before we went to Salt so he just ordered a kilt lifter. We finally got our bill, paid and left it on the table, then headed to the movie! As were were handing our tickets over to the ticket guy at iPic, a black guy who was the bartender came running towards us and told us we had to go up to the bar and pay for our drinks. I was really caught off guard and got a little confused and angry because we had left the money with the bill at the table that we were sitting at.  We told him we had already paid and the money was on the table. My boyfriend and I got very angry with what just happened but didn't retaliate. We thought he was very rude to come running at us and yelling at us saying we had to go to the bar and pay our tab. The black bartender told us \Hey you guys need to go to the bar and pay your tab.\"""" How rude!!? He didn't even check the table to see we had already paid the tab, he just assumed that we were running out on the tab and came chasing after us. Before he accuses us of not paying, he should have checked the table to see we had paid, and we even left a generous tip. That bartender was very rude! I'm pretty sure if someone was going to walk out on their tab, theyd probbaly be running and heading straight for the exit. We were just about to walk into iPic and enjoy a movie date together. Service at salt sucks! They need to hire nice bartenders and servers who know how to provide good customer service and not bartenders who are rude and accuse guests of walking out on their tab. \n\nI'm very disappointed in this place, service and bartenders are rude!"""""""
Damn. Pierre's review of the health code violations brought this from a five to a one. ICK ICK ICK ICK ICK!!!\n\nSouthern style Indian food- ALL VEGETARIAN AND VEGAN!!!!\n\nAfter having a few games of Buckhunt at the Stray Cat (and perhaps a pitcher of Miller High Life...I won't front), my companion and I decided we were hungry. Not wanting to resort to Four Peaks in Tempe for food, he suggested Green restaurant-finally! A Flexatarian (def. someone who enjoys not eating meat at every meal and understands that a person may not eat meat and still like food) who understood my lactose-intolerance wasn't just to be difficult!\n\nSo we stopped by Green..and they are closed on Sundays. Damn.\n\nWe drive down Scottsdale road, saddened by the rainy Sunday night, and he spots this Indian restaurant. I pictures creamy paneers and chickeny kormas...uh-uh folks. All vegetarian and vegan!\n\nWe are welcomed warmly to a full house and realize quickly we are the only white people there (SCORE!). I order us the appetizer sampler-WHICH IS HUGE. I mean, it had four sauces (the cilantro, coconut, tamarind..and some kind of chutney), pakoras, samosas, lentils, etc. We ended up cutting them all in half and taking them home. I had the Dosai with potatos, onions, chutney, peas and spices and loved it. I love tamarind sauce and I think the staff was please I did cause they give me a shitload. He ordered a kind of dosai with cheese in it and it tasted yummy..but eerily like an enchilda. I also convinced him to indulge in the mango lassi (god, I miss those dairy yogurty drinks) and it was tasty-not that sweet and maybe a bit yogurty than necessary, but really cooled down the mouth when had too much of the spicy chutney.\n\nThe bathroom was nice, the staff was great, the decor was simply, all the Indian families were happy, I was happy, he was happy, and I had about 100 vegan items to choose from. Why the hell did I wait so long to go here?!? Please check it out!
The first time I had met Ryan was at the East Valley Bridal Show and I liked what I saw of his designs. They seemed very creative and well priced, not to mention I had $10 off my order from a prize wheel.\n\nWhen I was ready to start my invitations I called and left a message with the owner for Ryan to call me back...nothing. A week later I called him back and he was out, when he finally did get back to me I set a time that I was going to come in and discuss the design I was hoping to get. Upon meeting him he made me feel like he could practically design anything I wanted...WRONG! First of all he gave me a day to expect a proof from him and...nothing! (noticing a pattern?) I had to call him and track down my proof, when I finally did receive the proof it was a mess. At this point I should have found another place to get my wedding invites, but I wanted to give them another chance. I responded with the changes I would like to make and told him that at this point I NEEDED them to be done in a week and a half, well what do you know...no response! When he finally did get back to me about 4 days later his lame excuse was that he doesn't check the email I sent it to everyday, well then why would you only give that email as a contact for yourself???\n\nIn the end I am not sure what his issue was delivering a simply designed invitation for my upcoming wedding in a reasonable amount of time. I ended up going to a chain office supply store (against my own better judgment) and ended up with a custom designed invitation that is beautiful in less than a day! I think it is time for this business to find a new head of the Print Shoppe (like Ashlee ;) ) or cut that part of their business out all together.
"""First of all, this has nothing to do with Tapino's food or service. It may be great. In fact, that's what we were hoping.\n\nSecondly, we are big fans of what Chef Porter is trying to do. We have great respect for them advocating the locavore movement & using local farms & vendors. We're huge fans of local farmers markets & buy all our produce there. We're also huge fans of local independent restaurants & business and patronize them as much as possible.\n\nSo the birthday fail begins...\n\nOne more thing. Birthdays in my family are a big deal. Food is a big deal. We all grew up working in my dad's restaurant (the Glass Door) & food is hugely important to us. For birthdays, we do a fancy dinner & a family dinner. This was a family dinner. Lots of thought goes into choosing the place for each occasion. This was also my wife's birthday. Kind of a big deal for me. \n\nFor family dinner, we all go so we need a place that isn't too hard on the budget & that suits different dietary needs (some vegetarians, some food allergies). Looked at a ton of places & figured that we should try Tapino as they had a great food/drink special & we were into what they are doing. Figured it would be a gateway meal to us coming back a great deal more. \n\nOk, very last thing, kids... So we brought our kids. We've brought our kids out to eat since they were born & they know & appreciate good food. They've been places like Sea Saw, Nobu, Bouchon, etc. They know how to behave & are always expected to behave.\n\nSo to the story...\n\nCalled Tapino yesterday & spoke to the manager & asked if they could take a party of 12 for happy hour. She said they normally don't take reservations for happy hour but would be ready for us. Asked if they had 2 high chairs for the kids. She said no but they had low chairs & low tables on the patio that would work great. So we're in good shape, right?\n\nWell today, I walk in myself (without kids) & say that we are here for the party of 12 w/kids. The hostess said no kids allowed in bar nor on patio (as they allow smoking on the patio) & they don't serve happy hour in the restaurant & just lets it sit at that. Pretty weird. Was almost as if they'd were ready for us. \n\nOk, so if you don't want kids in your place...at least tell us. I dragged 12 people out & set their expectations & was excited to have the perfect place to celebrate my wife's birthday. Then we get there & you say sorry, nope?\n\nAlso, there wasn't a single person in the restaurant at this time. It was about 5:45. Not one.\n\nI'm like in shock so I tell her I spoke with someone yesterday & she understood our situation & that we were coming in. She said that she was right there when I spoke with her manager & they don't allow kids in the bar or on the patio & they don't do happy hour in the resturant. Ok, I get it. Probably heard this 7 times when I was there.\n\nMight as well have said go away, leave, we don't want you here.\n\nShe eventually said that the manager was there & she'd have her come talk with me.\n\nDuring the wait, I asked about last night's locavore dinner & told her we were excited to be there as we'd been following them on Chowhound & the Phoenix Hound Gathering group. Also told her I'd been talking with one of the farmers that was in for the previous night's event. Basically I let her know we know what they did & were into it. Might have factored in a bit? Nope.\n\nEventually, the manager came out & they chatted.\n\nThe manager then came over & changed the story & said we could sit in the bar at a couple of benches but kept reiterating that the kids couldn't make any noise nor move around at all. Ok, fine. First of all, we expect the kids to behave. If she'd left it with one mention, maybe we'd have just sat down. But with repeated mentions of no noise, no moving around, it was obvious they didn't want us there. I told her I felt that way & she said that wasn't the case but it rang quite hollow.\n\nI went outside to talk with the family & figured we'd probably go elsewhere as we really weren't wanted. Went in to tell the hostess (manager was nowhere around) & got a perfunctory sorry.\n\nJust seems like such a customer service failure. If they'd wanted us there, they could have refrained from making us feel unwelcome. Or if they were uncomfortable with kids being in the bar or on the patio, they could have easily set us up in the empty restaurant & offered us the same food/drink.\n\nOr they could have told us their mantra \no kids in the bar or on the patio, no happy hour in the restaurant\"""" on the phone. \n\nMaybe it was a bad situation for them but if it were me, I would have tried a little bit harder to find a solution that wouldn't have so alienated us.\n\nI don't know. I'm epxecting to see Chef Porter at OTFM & am friends with people who work with him & maybe we'll come back (sans kids of course) but right now it sure doesn't feel like it & it's a major bummer as Tapino seems like a place that is doing excactly what we love & we could have been huge fans."""""""
My family has been going to Warner Family Practice for 15 years and I am now looking for a new doctor's office, as this office has become money hungry and difficult to work with.  Never in my life have I experienced an office that will double charge you for one visit if you discuss more then what is included in a well visit.  They will then continue to recommend appointments for you for things that could have all been taken care of in one appointment, just to get more money out of you.  My husband was charged for 4 different office visits just to have a yearly physical.  One charge to establish him as a patient, one charge for the physical, one for labs and one because he discussed more then what is allowed during the physical.  They should have a sign in their rooms stating what is allowed to be discussed and what you will be charged extra for.  My daughter also had labs done as a result of a well visit and was charged as a separate office visit, causing us to owe hundreds of dollars when we should have owed nothing.  During a well visit, they will also schedule you for several unnecessary tests, just to get more money out of you.  Offices like this are the reason our insurance rates are outrageous!!  Stay clear of money hungry Warner Family Practice!!
The dish was ok, but I won't go back. Here's why...\n\n1. The food was ok, but I've had better. It wasn't anything phenomenal. The lemongrass in my dish was hard, like I was eating a stick. I picked it out.\n2. They bring community rice! WTF??  I want my own rice, not a tiny bowl for a table of 6 people!!  I understand their soup is community as well. Totally unexpected for an Asian joint, I have never heard of this before. It sucked, I got 1 freakin' spoonful of rice.\n3. Even if they had brought me my own rice, it wasn't good anyway. It was hard and uncooked in the middle, and stone cold.\n4. Portions are very small. This is compounded by the fact that I had to share rice! I was not satisfied when I left.\n5. The server brought food out for half the table, then 3 or 4 minutes later brought out food for the other half. Are you kidding me?? \n6. It is super loud inside. We actually couldn't even talk amongst ourselves because it was so loud. I felt like I was in a bar. It was weird, I think that was the first time I have experienced such a noisy sit-down restaurant.\n7. And last but not least... no Panang?? Really?? This is a standard Thai dish and they didn't have it. Very disappointing.
What a dump.  With all of our Spring Training choices...to give them money was criminal.  We actually made reservations and were delayed getting to our table by 1/2 hour.  That's where the fun started...they were out of ribs which we thought interesting for a steakhouse.  They were also out of our first two selections of chardonnay wines.  We did order reds as well for the beef, but by that time not even the overtaxed waitresses could lift our spirits.  They are wonderful, but not worth wasting an evening at this outhouse.
"""I usually love going to Mimi's, but had never been to this location before. I will never go there again. We had a party of 15 with a reservation so they knew we were coming. We waited over half an hour to get menus and then only got 4. We dealt with that and passed them around. That was the least of the issues. About 45 minutes after sitting down, our orders were taken. The bread baskets finally came. I waited about 20 minutes for a refill on my coffee and then went and got it myself. I also got extra napkins, which we had asked for, and refilled some water glasses for my group. Some of us ordered from the \Cafe Express\"""" menu, because we thought that would be easy and quick. Not so! It took at least 45 minutes from the time we ordered until ALL of our party had their food. That is inexcusable! When the food came, some of it was wrong, but we didn't dare send it back for fear that we'd never get the right food returned. Some of us would have ordered dessert, but figured it would take too long to get it, since our waiter, Tony, kept on complaining about the number of tables he had to cover and how overworked he was.\n \nOn the \""""Cafe Express\"""" menu, it states that if you don't get your food in 15 minutes, it will be free. Since they had WAY exceeded the time limit they themselves had set, I pointed that out. If it had only been 20 minutes, we would have let it go, but this was well past that. I was told that the 15 minute time limit  did not apply to large groups, though that is not stated anywhere. After some discussion, we were told the manager would adjust the bills, but it was because we insisted that they honor the commitment they made, not because they wanted to. I am not sure if the problem is in the kitchen or out on the floor, but it needs to be fixed.\n\nI will still go to Mimi's, just not that location."""""""
"""I have to agree with the other reviews. \n\nI lived here from January 2008- January 2009.\n\nThis place blows and I absolutely hated living here.\n\nThe units are outdated, dark, and depressing.  If you live on the first floor you have no wall on your patio, aka no privacy. Kitchen appliances were terrible, carpet was cheap and uncomfortable. If you don't have a washer dryer in your unit, there's only one public laundry room that had 4 washers and 4 dryers, for like 800 people. \n\nThe PARKING. UGH!!! The worst. If you live here, you only get one assigned covered parking space. Mind you, there are only about 12 \free\"""" parking spaces. So, if you have a roommate, you guys are screwed. If you want to have friends over, tell them to get a ride or take the bus! \n\nWhen we moved out, we were charged $900 for \""""damaged carpet\"""". We never had pets, weren't smokers, maybe had 2 or 3 stains on the carpet. $900, what a scam! Had we known we would've replaced it ourselves before moving out for half the price! When we tried to inquire as to what the damage was they wouldn't return our calls or speak to us about it. \n\nThey also have a pretty open pet policy, No weight restrictions, so I was basically always stepping in huskey shit. Not their fault if people don't clean up after their dogs, I understand, but honestly this must be one of the only complex's in Scottsdale that doesn't have weight restrictions for pets. Which sounds like a good thing? Maybe to people that are cruel and think it's okay to have one or  more 50+ pound dogs in a tiny space. I however think if you have large dogs you should live, I dunno, in a house? Maybe one with a back yard?\n\nThe only reason to live here is because it's somewhat cheap. This place made me never want to live in apartments ever again, and I haven't since."""""""
Wow, all I can say is this place SUCKS big balls.\n\nTake your money to 24 Hour Fitness (which is literally 3 minutes from here), where your business will be appreciated. \n\nMy boyfriend and I joined back in early summer. We paid for 2 full-year memberships. We paid nearly $500 each, which I feel is high for a gym. Don't go here if you are interested in a serious workout... All the women come all dolled up. And all the guys are meatheads (especially the trainers, who need to really lay off the roids).   \n\nThe gym is very nice... clean, good/new equipment. The reason for the 1 star, however, is due to their policies and lack of customer service. When joining, they rush you through the contract to get you to sign, skipping over the fact that you are responsible for inquiring any additional fees that they deem as necessary. So, after my boyfriend and I had been working out at this location for a month, we got a bill in the mail saying we owed an additional $52 for their renovations. EXCUSE ME!?! This gym is like 5 years old... \n\nWhen I called to ask what specifically the charges were for, the manager told me it was for the new IMAX Theater, valet parking.... the list goes on. Are you serious!? Valet parking at a gym? I've never heard of something so absurd. Get exercise and walk to your own car... This is a gym for goodness sakes!\n\nThey refused to take the charges off my bill even though I would never use their useless new amenities. They said if the charges weren't paid by the due date, I wouldn't be able to work out until they were paid off (with late fees). HAHAHA. So I went to Craigslist, sold both my memberships and my 20 personal training sessions. And I didn't have to pay their outrageous fees. \n\nThere were other shortcomings, but honestly, my BP is already going through the roof from writing this review. I'm done. You can go fuck yourself Mountainside Fitness!!
The salespeople here need a serious lesson in manners. Just because you work where they sell nice clothes does not give you the right to act like a snob and look down on people. It doesn't matter if I am here to drop a few hundred bucks, the women here look at you like you're dirt. I have given this store multiple chances and the service is so awful I would not recommend coming here unless you're ready to throw back some dirty looks. I don't understand how these people got hired and why they haven't been fired but here's a piece of advice...SMILE. Offer help. Don't look and treat people like you're better than them. If you hate your job, quit. You're making people miserable when shopping is supposed to be enjoyable.
Staff needs a little bit more customer service training.  Was asked at the door if my husband and I were celebrating anything and I said yes little early 10 year anniversary and didn't even get a congrats or happy early anniv. Then the waitress we had seemed to be in a hurry and kind of impatient with getting our order and drinks. The water is terrible and didn't even get a lemon when asked for the first time when she took or drink order. Then we get a hamburger and well....... we asked for med/med rare and we got rare....it was so much grease/juice coming out of the burger that the bottom bun was soaked and was not able to eat it.  Small amount of blue cheese.  This is the first place that we meet on a set up blind date and needless to say we won't be coming back.
"""If you are reading this, my guess is you are most likely go to or connected the the Asian/Chinese church in Chandler (where they get most of referrals). If not, you should be another angry customer or will be one soon. This shop charges excessive cost on parts!! Not to mention their bad attitude once they noticed you actually knew something about cars. The owners are 2 married Asian couple. I always knew car shop is a shady business, so I had a impression that I could avoid getting rip-off using mechanics who speak my native language and he will be honest with me and all. Well... BAD IDEA and probably the worst decision I ever made! I visited them a total of 3 times because I live very close by. Each time I learn something new about them and that's it. No more business from now on.\n\nGary is the mechanic and his wife is the helper. He seems like a nice guy but her wife is a total-bxxch. Every single time we walked in to the shop, she would tells us our car is very old (199X) and XXXXX is not a good brand. This upset my wife very much because this car is her baby. I mean WTF, who doesn't want to drive new car? If everything is perfect and all I need is an oil change and tune-up, why make you think I would come to you?!\n\nNot only that, when it comes to quotes, labor and part prices. She always steps out and take over from Gary. She would tell me how hard and rare to find parts for our \old\"""" car. Then, she would call the next day tells us she \""""finally found it\"""". She will at least double or even triple charge ANY parts you'll need. Trust me on this! She will refuse to use the parts you can buy, tells you Autozone suck badly and advertise their \""""Quality\"""" part and lifetime warranty (who doesn't offer lifetime or 1-3 yrs nowadays?! PLEASE, go home to check part prices online and visit other shops!\n\nIf you are not listening to me and still want to go with them because either you have too much money to give away or you trust these referral from your Asian Church... fine but please, get more quotes from different shop. Listen to more people, see what's out there. I personally knows car more than majority of people and I can tell who's a rip-off and who's not. If you ended up using them for whatever reason, remember - she will tell you that you need a $100-$200 tune up before they are able to find out what's wrong with your car - tell her NOT to fill any Windshield Wash for you because she would put some kind of dish washing soap in there and ended up all bubbly when you spray the windshield. She done that to our car, it was VERY NASTY!"""""""
"""I go to Mill Ave quite often with my friends because it's the cheap bar hopping street to go on a college budget.   Zuma Grill is often one of  the places they want to start their night because they usually have some sort of cheap drink special. \n\nI do not go for the food but if you're looking for the nightlife experience be forewarned.\n\nFirst off Zuma is fairly small and gets really crowded especially on the weekend and it takes some time to finally get a drink from the bar. Once you actually get up to the bar I feel like the bartenders are very pick and choosy about who they serve, esp the women bartenders. I am a female and I swear every time a girl is bartending she helps every single guy before she helps me. I hate to talk badly about other girls but I feel like I'm not welcomed because the girls send out bad vibes. \n\nOne night when I was out with my friends they mentioned that a  drink was 2 dollars on special that they just got so I ordered two for me and a friend. When I got my bill it was 4.50 each and I said my friends just got this for $2 and they said they didn't know what I was talking about.  I was completely offended and wouldn't of ordered the drink and my friends were like why did she charge you more?  And this was around 9 pm when there was no one in the bar and it wasn't even busy. \n\nOn Halloween weekend last year when it was especially packed and the music was way too loud to even hear myself talk I worked my way up to the bar and asked if we could have 2 Zuma juices on separate cards. The girl that was bar-tending made a mean face and ignored me and helped everyone else that came after me to the bar(that were guys). I was waiting for maybe 10 minutes until I finally was like put it all on my card. She helped me hesitatingly and made some comment (that I couldn't even hear) and when my friend asked for her name she said \Don't worry about it\""""  I was not drunk there was no reason for her to refuse to serve me and I didn't think my request was an outrageous one. \n\nAfter these stints, and along with all the guys that go in there being extremely douchey(and always running into you because it's so damn small in there) and really nothing cool about Zuma that they offer I REFUSE to spend any money there. I am always spreading the word of their bad service and when my friends suggest to go there I recommend some other place to go.\n\nAlso their bathrooms are tiny with 2 stalls and looks like no one ever cleans them or the floors in the entire bar for that matter.  Also an added bonus is the bouncers only let a few people in every 5 minutes and of course allow the people that they probably know or slept with in in front of everybody. And they try to get you to pay them to get in front of people when you ask why they let other people in.\n\nThey also play the same generic music most bars play and there is nothing unique about Zuma. If you just feel like standing around in a tight packed bar not hearing what anyone says and getting terrible service then I guess it's a good place for you.\n\nIf you're new to Mill Ave and are looking for the Mill experience I suggest you pop in next door to Cue Club (which can also be packed but you'll actually be able to have a conversation with someone and play some pool!) that has cheap long-islands lots more room and awesome bartenders who are always friendly. \n\nZuma has yet to redeem themselves. My suggestion is to have a friendlier staff that doesn't think they're better than everyone walking in."""""""
"""Rude, rude, rude. I will *never* go back to this place. I don't normally carry cash and when I went to pick up my son's pants for his recital that night, I was in a little bit of a jam (they only take cash or checks). When I suggested they might put this on the claim ticket, or at least mention it when people drop off their clothes, the owner pointed to an itty bitty sign and told me \we have signs everywhere.\"""" The owner was hostile and argumentative and just didn't care about what I had to say. Then he hovered over me while my son tried his pants on, like I was going to steal something (the place is TINY). I went to an ATM and pulled out cash, it wasn't that big of a deal, but this place has no customer service skills whatsoever. I won't ever go there again. Steer clear."""""""
"""My girlfriend and I came here for dinner on a Friday night. We were led to a table outside and told our waiter would be with us in a few minutes. We proceeded to sit there for over 20 minutes while no one came to our table .Numerous people were sat around us outside and the host came outside multiple times and seemed to just stare at us. We proceeded to leave .On our way out, the host had the nerve to just look at me and say \Thanks for coming in\"""" with more than just a hint of attitude. The service at this place sucks and the hipper than thou attitude is a joke. Stay away."""""""
The food is okay for an average chinese style buffet as long as you get there early. After 8:pm the cooked food at the grill and some of the hot food in the dishes are old looking and need to be replaced. It is decent, but basically the same as everywhere else the low priced buffets are. The Sushi is decent as well.\n\nThe thing that really got to me is that while leaving the restaurant after you pay, there are two wire mesh containers on the counter where people leave tips. ( similar to a starbucks). I have seen them overflowing. The only problem with this is that the staff get NONE of it. Thats correct, the owner keeps all of it. So if you leave a tip for someone thinking that the workers are getting something for their hard work, they get nothing. I think they should be removed, and I think it is VERY deceptive.\n\nI just returned there yesterday, 11/19/2012 and the food has gotten much worse. There were items that were old and dry, and it seemed to me that there were money issues. There were three servers all handging oot in the back and talking and ignoring everyone. Even the names of the items were wrong. For 8.99 plus tax you can do better...much better.
Wow how can you screw up pizza? This place did. Soggy and flavorless and we got attitude from the manager (owner?) when one of crew asked for a fork and knife. There was no way you could pick up the pizza to eat it! Service was slow, yes there were ten of us, but it was lunchtime and it's slices!  How hard can that be to reheat and serve them up?! Lame place they get one star for the air conditioning. Brooklyn attitude with Dominos Pizza quality.
I think the only thing that could make this place more chaotic at lunchtime is if the building were on fire. Even then, you probably couldn't tell the difference.\n\nI was told the sub rolls were no good so she put me in a 7-grain.... which was $1 extra. They sold me a drink for iced tea (only there was no ice. Or tea. And no plans to refill either). Slightly warm lemonade to wash down my turkey sandwich? WHERE DO I SIGN UP!?!?\n\nSuch prime real estate deserves better... Prices are cheap but much better sandwiches around town. I'd take a knuckle sandwich over a Jimmy John's.
We have been going to Hula Hawaiian BBQ in Buckeye since it opened. At the beginning they were competing with the local Chinese joint. Hula's food was not great, but it was good and the portions were very generous. Later on the local Chinese joint went t!ts up and Hula was the only remotely Asian place in town. Lately the quality of the food has gone downhill and the portions leave much to be desired. The prices, however, didn't change; we spend on average $20 there. Today, 8/23/2011 at around 7pm, I went with my family again but only my wife ordered food totaling about $12 and me and my 8yo son brought a couple of sandwiches from Quiznos next door. Like we always do, we all shared on my wife's drink. We've always had free refills at Hula but today, when I sent my son to refill his soda he was told that we couldn't because we brought food from outside and can't share. WTF??? REALLY??? After I've spent hundreds of $ in that place over the years they're denying a kid a $.05 refill? Well, we're done! That $.05 soda refill just cost you our business. Buckeye is a very small town and restaurants here can't afford to lose business. That explains why the joint was empty. Oh joy! They're opening a Panda Express next door!
this place sucked u walk in cash only had to go to chevron and pull money out biggest mistake i should have stayed out so its $6.95 with a drink and you have to get ice tea to get refills all the good ones u have to pay (not that the others were any better) another $1.40 (retarded) the selection is 4 or 5 dishes which include chicken, fried rice, fried noodles, small freaken veggie egg rolls and some pepper chicken (WTF) seat selection is not bad but you see drunk indians go behind the gas station not to mention if you need the restroom its a door that goes outside to another door smh this is NOT place you wanna go sorry but i will never return
"""Are you kidding me .60 extra  for a piece a cheese on an already overpriced burger, $1.00 extra for curly fries is it just me or should they call this \sucker burger. The staff looked like extras from the movie Scarface with manners to match . Save your money and go to In-N-Out, Five Guys, or better yet for the same money at \""""sucker burger\"""" you could be treated like a real person with your delicious burger brought to your table at Blu Burger in North Scottsdale. FYI ladies my wife said \""""no soap\"""" in restroom."""""""
"""Visited 5.27.2012 (@2:45pm)\n\nThis is only the second time that I have eaten at this location and my boyfriend and I had pretty terrible service.  When we walked and asked if we could sit outside the hostess handed us menus and told us to sit wherever.  So we did. We sat there for about 15 minutes.  A few waitresses smiled at us but no one asked if we had been helped. \n\nFinally, a waitress came over who didn't know the price differences between domestic or foreign beer - only new the specials.  Then she left to find out how much a Kiltlifter draft would be - $6 (kind of pricey) but my boyfriend ordered one anyways.  I ordered a bloody mary.  The drinks seemed to take a long time and the waitress explained that my bloody mary was what was holding things up. Truthfully it wasn't busy at all and the bartender should have had no problems pouring a draft beer and mixing vodka with bloody mary mix pretty quickly.  When the drinks came (brought by a different waitress) there were no garnishments for my drink.  I had to get up to get my own (no bloody mary bar either).  The food came, again from a different waitress, but we had no napkins or silverwear.  I stole one off of the table next to us and went in for another. When I asked the bartender - he told (rather rudely) a waitress to \get her a place setting.\""""  I was really appalled by the way he spoke to her.  We started eating and the original waitress stopped by to see how our meal was and the food was pretty good so we both said good.  \n\nWhen the bill came I was pretty disappointed that the waitress did not inform us that there would be an up-charge for sweet potato fries.  So his burger and my Caesar chicken wrap were $13 each. \n\nHaving been to many downtown restaurants where I have received great service I could not let this experience go by without saying something.  I regret not saying something at the time but the staff didn't seem to appreciate our patronage in the first place.  Go to Arrogant Butcher if it is open instead.\n\nS~"""""""
Shame me once fool on you, shame me twice, fool on me! \n\nWell needless to say, today was the second time (in a looooong time) I decided to give my DQ down the road a try.... Apparently they don't read their Yelp reviews or even care what the customer has to say because once more as I went through the drive thru and ordered 2 large TWIST ice creams with sprinkles in a bowl the person at the window either needs to have their ears checked, hearing aids implemented or just plain be banished from this earth because I was served 2 VANILLA ice creams with sprinkles in a bowl..... looking at my receipt - AMAZING 2 TWIST ice creams were ordered (so I'm not crazy- Hallelujah!)\n\nDairy Queen, I'm done- stick a fork in me. And you're lucky I didn't  just throw my ice creams at the idiotic lady who served me... At this point the assault charges that would have followed would be worth it after numerous times you've failed to serve the customer correctly.
"""On our way back from Vegas we decided to stop for dinner and figured there may be options in Wickenburg...and Wikiup was out of the question since the last time we stopped there we saw racism blasted on the walls.  Anyway, back to Wickenburg....even on a Saturday night nothing seemed to be open-it was 7:30pm!  So I was craving Mexican food being fully aware we wouldn't find anything that could compare to places in Phoenix we saw the Rancho 7 Restaurant and a sign that said \Mexican and American Food.\""""  Bingo.   Ok.....fast forward to me biting into my chicken enchilada plate....what?!?!  I never knew \""""Mexican food\"""" even \""""Gringo Mexican food\"""" could be so bland.  Seriously?  I think they basically boiled chicken, threw it in a tortilla and melted cheese on top....even the refried beans were flavorless.  Wow.  I think this place would even be too bland for my Mother.  If we ever have a thought to stop in Wickenburg again we will be sure to check reviews first-as well as go during the day because that seems to be the only time places are open!!!"""""""
Epic fail for this place. \n\nI was just out wandering around thinking about what to make for New Years Eve Dinner.  So I thought I would pick up a pound of their signature ham.\n\nTo my dismay, once I brought it home in the sealed non-see thru packaging, it had no authentic glaze on it whatsoever.  And if you know ham, then you know that ham aint ham unless you have it glazed.\n\nSo it was extremely dissapointing to say the least, I will be calling the manager back to see what they have to say and if they make good on the mistake.
"""I don't normally write reviews about fast food joints... In fact, I don't normally EAT at fast food joints. \n\nI pulled into the drive-thru for a quick chicken sandwich before a movie. I ordered my food, nothing crazy, just a crispy chicken sandwich with a little ranch added. I pulled up behind a car at the second window and then WAITED FOR TEN MINUTES. I know that isn't a huge amount of time, but what the hell were they doing in there? It's McDonald's! It's supposed to be super fast! When I finally got to the window, it was then another almost five minute wait. I asked the guy what was going on and said \there was a mixup with my food\"""". Huh? You mean my lonely little chicken sandwich with ranch and pickles? Jeez, sorry to confuse you all!\n\nWell, i finally got it, with like 5 minutes to spare before my movie. There was barely any ranch on it and it was cold. Blech.\n\nThis just reinforces why I never eat at crappy places like this. I guess it's my own fault."""""""
I didn't expect much from a mall food court cajun restaurant. I tried a sample of the Bourbon Chicken and it was incredibly good. So I got that and the cajun shrimp and garlic noodles.\n\nThe  Bourbon chicken was nothing like the sample I had just tried even though they got it from the same dish. The one I tried was full of flavor, moist and plump. What I was served was small over cooked pieced of chicken that were bland.\n\nNow regarding the shrimp, maybe this is was how it was supposed to be and I just did not know it, but I did not expect to bite into a FRIED piece of shrimp with the shell and legs still on! Thats right they breaded over the shell. You had to peel the breading off so you could take the shell off.  What a friggin mess. Now I will admit that the shrimp and breading were rather tasty, but so not worth the effort and mess.\n\nNow the noodles. mushy, sticky flavorless. need I say more?\nWont be back to this place ever
When this place first opened, they tried their best to please the customer.  Every time I told them they missed something, they would go back over it and clean it properly.  The last time I took my car there, I was less than happy with the service I received.  Cleaning wheels thoroughly is a standard practice at any car wash or detail shop and being confrontational with a customer when confronted with the fact that the wheels were poorly cleaned does not sit well with me.  The other thing that does not sit well with me is the upselling of services I do not need.  I don't need you to replace my windshield, redo my tint, change my oil, or any maintenance service.  If I pay for a car wash, I expect just that and expect my wheels to be cleaned thoroughly!!!
"""Let me know when you people fix the goddamn air-conditioning, and I'll *consider* coming back for a second try. \n\nIt is an outrage that you dared to open this in August/September, knew there was an a/c problem (as evidenced by the comments of your staff when some in our party complained), and have still done nothing about it as of late September. Absolutely infuriating to walk into a place on a 100-degree night only to find it feeling like 105 inside. I should've listened to the game on the radio in my car. When the waitress asked if there was anything else she could get for us, I almost said \Yeah, a shower.\"""""""""""
Went there as a walk in. Thought they should be great since they were rated number 1 for 2011. I went there for a mani/ pedi. The girl I got spoke way too softly an\nD her English was not that great. She got me to upgrade and add the paraffin wax treatment to both hands and feet. She was quite abrupt with the way she handled me. Not at all relaxing. After she was done and I was home I thought my feet felt warm but didn't think much of it. Well it's been 3 days and my feet are still hot and red. Hurts to walk to much on them. They look burnt. Also the nail art she did was crap. The little stones she glued on were not clear, but murky so they didn't shine at all. Iwent back to Ahwatukee nails for them to redo my nails and nail art. They do an outstanding job there. Definitely will not go back to Angel Touch.
"""You can always tell a theater is going to be really horrible when they spell their name \Theatre.\"""" Mark it down. This rule will never fail you.\n\nThe Marquee Theatre offers a collection of everything you don't ever want to experience in a venue. Every part of the building and staff are a complete joykill. I was there on Dec 1st 2010 and every step of the way I considered leaving. I will never return no matter how badly I want to see the act.\n\nParking here is nearly non-existent. We walked far from a parking garage across busy roads to get to the building. Walking up to the front, the grounds were littered with trash amongst the overgrown weeds and potholed concrete. \n\nTo get into the building we had to push through a crowd that had no attempted organization. There are no queues and no one directing any sort of a line.\n\nWhen we reached the front of the line finally, we were told to take off our shoes outdoors. I saw several kids barefoot on the glass-strewn ground. Then a hideous troll groped me and told me to empty my pockets.\n\nOnce inside, there was a very foul odor. This couldn't be due to the current  human traffic because the event had not even started yet. I was immediately thankful we took our shoes off outside and not in here because the floor was filthy and sticky.\n\nWe went to get a drink before the show started and were met by the surliest bartenders I have ever experienced. The theater inside is exactly like being at a rave in an abandoned warehouse. So try not to think about the fact that you PAID to be here.\n\nYou will not like this place unless you have killed ALL your braincells like too many of the area's students."""""""
It's Sunday, right?\n\nDo I have your attention?  It's Sunday, and Barry's Capezio is closed, right?  You need dance supplies for yours or your daughter's dancing class tomorrow and the dance store that you always go to is closed.   You're looking for an alternative and you found this place.  Please don't be tempted.\n\nWhen we went, service seemed friendly, but the consequences for our choice came later.  Our daughter was about ready to begin classes for pointe, and we described to them our situation.  We, on their advice, walked out with demi-pointe shoes--this was the WRONG ADVICE!  No fitting (other than to try them on), no advice as to care, just hand us the shoes and ring us up.  Nothing else.  To see the pain on my daughter's face after that first class was agonizing, as were the huge blisters all over her feet.\n\nWait.  Please wait until Monday.
"""These guys are a total fraud. I had a problem with the starter in my car and I towed it here. They fixed it with glue and charged me USD500 (claiming that they replaced it). Within less than a year the starter gaveup and I towed my car back to Midas (since the starter was under one year warranty). They did not honour the warranty and they gave me absurd reasons. \n\nI have never been to these fraudulent people after that. DOnt take your car hear, if you want to get a \real\"""" repair done."""""""
Seriously!?  So I ordered from them twice last week.  Delivery.  They messed up my order just a little (wrong bread) on one of them, eh, no big deal.  The delivery time was OK, but not fast...about 20 minutes.  Well today, I need to leave my house for a job interview at 12:45, so I order at 12:15.  I wait till 12:50, then leave.  My wife is still home... apparently they showed up around 1.  Sorry, but that is not freaky fast, at all!  Then they have the nerve to say I am out of their delivery area.  Then what are you doing?  Did they tell me this and say it make take longer than usual, NO.  Did they decline my order for delivery, NO.   Not to mention why they heck am I out of your delivery range...I live at 87th & Bell - 1 mile from your shop.  I canceled my order and they gave me my money back, but the whole situation is very frustrating!\n\nI love the food and when I have ordered from other locations it is truly freaky fast.  Very disappointed in how this location carries the JJs name.
No Bueno!!!\n\nThis place looks nothing like the photo's on the Ramada Website! The halls smelled like cigarette smoke as did all 3 rooms I looked at. It needs a total remodel. Better yet, bull doze it down and forget about it. Also, it's in an industrial area/commercial area that has a lot of closed business'. The walls are paper thin and the furnishings are old and busted. Keep going up 101 to the next exit. I do have to mention the staff was really nice! They deserve a better facility to work at!!
"""The wife and I stopped in on Saturday afternoon for a mid-afternoon lunch and cocktail.  The server, Joe, took forever to get to out table.  when he did, he hitched up his leg and \scratched the inside of his thigh.\""""  while talking to us.\n\nMy wife ordered a wine that took 25 minutes to arrive (after we flagged down our server).  Lunch took 45 minutes to show up. We were actually standing up to leave when the server came around the corner with our food.\n\nMy wife ordered a veggie sandwich with sweet potato fries.  The sandwich had turkey so it had to be remade.  This time, there was no lettuce or the spicy mustard ordered.  When we asked our server, he returned with raspberry dressing. This was pointed out and he finally returned with the correct mustard.  By this time, the croissant was a greasy, sloppy mess.\n\nI ordered the french dip which was OK, but the beef was cold and dry which leads me to believe it was made first then sat and sat and sat...  the potatoes in the potato salad had good consistency, but instead of a creamy mix, it was little potatoes swimming in a cream based sauce.  Not sure if this was correct, but ...\n\nThe comment card in our bill folder was even pre-filled.  I flipped it over and wrote my thought for them there too.  I hope this place gets its act together.\n\nAlso, the staff should stop worrying about how they look and worry about the guests."""""""
Uh...how is it that this place has so many good reviews?!  I love me a good burger and there are a few places in town that serve yummy burgers, Delux being one.  In retrospect we should have gone there instead but we, my beau and I, wanted to try a new place.  Yeah, well that'll learn us.  This place was soooo gross .  I don't think I have ever had such a greasy burger.  I was excited to see fried pickles on the menu, since I haven't had fried pickles since I left the South.  Well that excitement was quickly snuffed out after my first bite.  I think it's safe to say that we will  not being going back there again.
If I could get service on a regular basis, I'd maybe rate the food at 4/5 stars. But I've just about given up. This location has a major problem with spotty service, and you never know what you will get. Sometimes, it's great, with an attentive, personable server.  Just as likely you'll get completely ignored even when it's not busy. About 6 months ago, my husband contacted corporate about the problem. They were apologetic and seemed truly concerned, and even sent a $40 gift card as an apology. We've been back a few times since then, and I will miss the garlic fries and southwest chicken sandwich. But we won't be back. When  you're hungry and willing to spend $20 a person for a decent dinner, you don't want to play the lottery to see if you'll get service or not.
This trendy bar is like Scottsdale.  If you are not in, you are out.  Simply a local bar with cliques.  We went there the tonight to celebrate our success\nand were treated coldly. at best.\nStay away from this pretentious wine bar.  It's too bad because the food was satisfying but the staff is very cliquish.  Go to Rokerj instead and have warm, friendly evening.  This is a bad place and don't be sucked in by the eclectic surroundings,  Especially stay away when the bartender Kim is on duty,  She is cold and very unfriendly and preoccupied with the other help instead of the patrons.  This place deserves to close as Scottsdale pretentiousness moves west because of high real estate cost.  Stay away with your attitude.
"""I notified the owner of my issue directly and despite his tendency to respond to reviews online, I haven't received a response from him in over a week providing any apology or explanation so here it is...\n\nI cancelled my pest control service after a billing dispute.  I did this not because of the error, that happens, no big deal.  I cancelled because of the very rude attitude and customer service of the office staff.  In June I gave Probest my debit card number so they could just automatically deduct the monthly service from my account instead of writing a check each month.  I was charged in June and then double in July.  I called in to inform the staff of the double billing and they said they would have to call me back.  All of this was just a minor inconvenience up until this point.  Then Bonnie calls me back...\n\nI'll spare you the details of the conversation for brevity's sake however Bonnie proved to be quite incapable of handling the billing issue.  She seemed like an older lady with a southern drawl and genrally unpleasant attitude and seemed uncomfortable with their billing system and technology.  On our third go-round where she insisted I wasn't charged for June I told her in a firm (I stress I was NOT rude, yelling, cursing, etc... just firm) tone I was indeed charged in June and I expected it to be fixed.  This is where she turned from generally irritated and unhelpful to flat out argumentative and belligerent, yelling at me that it was my fault because I wasn't helping her enough.  I asked her calmly but firmly to please cancel my service and I would take up the issue with my bank.  She then hung up on me without saying another word.  I had to call back to confirm my service was in fact cancelled, she said she hung up on me because \once I said I wanted my service cancelled there was nothing more to discuss\"""".  \n\nRoughly a half hour later she calls me back and sheepishly says she found the charge for June. When I politely ask if an apology is in order for the way I was treated she absolutely refuses to apologize and starts arguing with me again!  She was going on about how much paperwork she had to go through to find the charge, as if I am the one responsible for the poor billing records.\n\nFor what it's worth the service itself was pretty average, the guys showed up and were nice enough, however I never really noticed a change in the scorpions I was looking to get rid of.  \n\nFinally, I'm NOT accusing Probest of impropriety but it is a general curiosity and coincidence that after several years of never having an issue with my bank/card that shortly after my dispute I had fraudulent charges on the same debit card I gave Probest."""""""
Thanks for making my birthday dinner horrible! First, I would like to say that our waitress was courteous and very nice, but the food tonight was inedible! My hubby took me here for my birthday dinner, it was my favorite place and we have been coming here for 8 years. I ordered the lobster bisque and he ordered the clam chowder. Both soups were very very salty, but I was ok with that and ate half my soup. For the main course, he ordered the blackened catfish and I got the sea bass. My hubby took one bite of the fish and knew it was bad. I took a bite and yes it was very bad, not just bad in taste, but it tasted rank/sour. My sea bass was good, but what made me mad was that we told the waitress and she said she would have the manager come over and talk to us...... We waited and waited.... I ate my dinner alone while my hubby had nothing....... Finally the waitress came over and after two glasses of liquid courage, I gave her a piece of my mind. Evidently, that brought the manager over. My hubby didn't want to risk another choice from the menu and I was finished eating. They comped our meal, but that didn't make my birthday any better.... And Pappadeaux, no need to respond to my review because no apology is going to be good enough to have me dine in your establishment again.
"""I thought I would have a chill evening with the boys. We have been waiting what feels like forever for this place to open! So we were so excited. Hubby's out o'town and we came up here. There was a crush so we decided to place a to-go order. As I was standing, ready and waiting to place my order, they fielded calls from people and took phone orders right in front of me. I could have called from my cell phone while standing there and been ahead of myself? So I end up placing my order and  I left and came back after 40 minutes (couldn't keep my kids calm in there that long) and they don't have my order. Poof. It had disappeared. An employee kept asking me for my phone number even after I told them I  had ordered it in person. I actually had to tell her to stop and listen to what I was saying. Finally the manger comes over and I came up with my receipt. The manager looks at it and keeps saying, \He rang it up wrong. This says delivery.\"""" (The person who helped me was female, so I have no idea who he is talking about.) Then the employee who took my order came over as the manager is about to hand me 2 salads. He read the receipt number incorrectly, she informs him I ordered a pizza. Then after a few clicks on the register he said to me, \""""I put your money back on your card.\"""" And he walks off. This paragon of communication says nothing else so I assume it was a dismissal and I head for the door. I had 3 hungry, tired boys and, apparently, I needed to go find food elsewhere. At this point it had been over an hour. I was trying to navigate the stroller out the door as the gal who took my order chased me out and promised to deliver it for free. I was afraid it would taste like sawdust just because I was so angry. Fast forward another half an hour...We get our pizza and I was trying to be objective. It was doughy because it was undercooked and the bottom was positively coated with corn meal so in turn it coated my tongue every time I took a bite. And looking at my bank account today, I see that the expansive loquacious manager did NOT reverse the charge. So I paid to wait almost 2 hours, listen to my kids whine, drive there twice, be ignored by employees, disrespected by  management only to finally be disappointed by the corn meal pizza. The garrulous manager probably refunded those people their salads. I hope they were better than my pizza. :("""""""
This is my second time visitng since we live in the area.  The first time was average and the second and last time to visit was disgustingly unprofessional.  The overly loud and uninviting climate of the restaurant masks the distinguishing and historical architecture. I was very excited to be revisitng the place to discover more about it, but it all changed...\n\n  Most of all, the service was outright unprofessional and rude.  After making a huge attempt to go out of our way to be kind to the waiter, he just kept barking at us and insulted us.  This extremely angry person ruined every shred of your dignity.\n\nA plead to Hanny's management: i know most of your clientele are tourists, but to keep locals coming back, please hire persons who actually want to work there in the service industry.
I lived here for 15 months and it was living hell! I moved out weeks ago and I'm still dealing with their --------! First of all the office management is terrible! MINDY is not helpful what-so-ever, they will not give my deposit back because of fees she cannot even explain, they even wrote the wrong date when correcting my lease! I have to constantly call and I never received a call back. The apartment itself is cheap! My dishwasher broke, carpets are disgusting, cabinets falling off the ceiling, closet doors break....\nA neighbor of mine DIED and they did not recover him for almost a month and expected his neighbor to live there still with the smell of a decomposing body in his apartment, and never once reimbursed him for rent! Management simply wants your money and does not care one bit about your satisfaction. They are rude and unprofessional, & will create charges just to get your money. \n\nI DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PLACE \n\nRead more: http://www.apartmentratings.com/rate/AZ-Phoenix-Colonnade-Gardens-Apartment-1423915.html#ixzz1sDuNXSCQ
Wow.  Because of this review, Piece of Cake Desserts have become somewhat defensive.  Very Polite, but defensive.  I've already received two follow up emails from the owners.  \n\nI'm sure it was the 'too busy for your business' , with no other reason that was a bit off-putting.  \n\nMaybe the situation and referral could have been handled better.  Instead of, 'we're too busy for your business, call so-and-so'.  Maybe this would have worked;  'Hello, my name is so-and-so from so-and so bakery, we helping Piece of Cakes Desserts through the Fathers Day weekend rush.  We would be more than happy to talk about making a cake for your special occasion'.  Hey, Just an example. \n\nSo, water..bridge, as they say.  And on to the next thing!
"""Hey now, let's watch that young energetic staff at Fakefathers dump those \great\"""" fries out of their respective bags into the oil (that includes the sweet potato variety). Now, let's watch the cook take inferior meat that has already been chopped up and is waiting in bins and dump it onto the grill with the pre-cut and measured onions and peppers and voila your sandwich is ready in 2.5 minutes. I want my freakin steak to start red and get cooked on the grill you idiots.  Ok, now let's pay $8 for a tiny sandwich that uses SIRLOIN steak, not ribeye and be happy about life. Nah, let's just call this place what it is:  a ripoff, a place that uses cheap ingredients to make a profit on the poor customers of Phoenix, who don't ask questions and assume because they throw alot of cheap meat into the bun, it must be worth the price. \n    Some folks take cheesesteak seriously and no lazy establishment is getting my cash these days. There was nothing to these sandwiches. no flavor and using sirloin is basically the equivalent of buying a pack of Steak-umm's and making these yourself at home. Garbage, overpriced cheap steak and frozen potatoes....enjoy your meal at FAKEfathers."""""""
Disclaimer: I am a Thai person and a Thai food connoisseur. \n\nThis is supremely average Thai food and overpriced as heck to take advantage of White People. Sorry to be blunt but that's all it is. $18 dishes that are $8 at a real Thai restaurant. The spring rolls were very bland and came with only a tiny bit of sauce for dipping. They should also include on the table a selection of fish sauces and spices to add to your meals and appetizers. They dont have.\n\nIf you like spicy, skip it for sure. Again this is what we would call Tourist Thai back in Thailand. \n\nTiny servings.\n\nThe good. Friendly wait staff.\n\nIf authentic Thai is what you're looking for try any of these: Palees Crown, Tum Nak Thai or Royal Thai Grill.
Food-wise, I think this place may have deserved 2 stars. I'm from the Bay Area, and the Thai food there is delicious!\n\nThe coconut soup wasn't what i expected-- the taste was okay, though a bit watery. I liked the lemongrass in it.  then we had Rama's Favorite, which was basically beef with peanut sauce. more like peanut butter-- the peanut was overpowering. \n\nthe WORST part was the food poisoning-- both my fiance and i subsequently got vomiting, nausea, and diarrhea. i even had to bring him to the ER, it was so bad. I see Thai Basil is generally well reviewed here on Yelp, so maybe it was just an off day? but just warning you-- something we ate there was bad, and I think it was the Rama's Favorite.
If you value your privacy, this is a place to avoid.  This place offers NO privacy, even though I was told to sit down while filling out my forms due to privacy.\n\nI went in for a sinus infection - I don't live in Phoenix but I was working here - and showed up at 8am along with two other people.  Of the others, one was there due to a work injury and the other was trying to scam an Oxycontin prescription.\n\nHow do I know this?  The walls between the examination room can't be thicker than a human hair.  I had my intake done (heart rate, blood pressure, etc) behind a curtain, and instead of having me fill out a form detailing my health history, I was required to recite it.  \n\nAfter some VERY personal questions (it's my sinuses, NOT my plumbing!) the interviewer asked if I have a health power of attorney or a living will.\n\nUm... just how bad IS the service here?\n\nThen I was put in an exam room with plywood for walls.  Grimy ones, with a thin verneer that hasn't been washed in a LOOOOONG time.  At that point I first got to listen to the fella who had the work injury and the guy who insisted after having an accident four months ago (!) he was still in pain and needed... y'know... something a little stronger... than, well, Vicodin.  \n\nUh, huh.  The doctor, who was quite nice, gave the junkie a prescription for naproxen sodium (Aleve).  Bummer for him.\n\nAfter seeing me, he not only gave me the antibiotics I requested, he gave me a prescription for the pain that contains codeine (??  What's that about?), Flonase (for a cold?) and a cough syrup (I don't have a cough).  Whatever.\n\nBottom line:  there has to be somewhere better than this.
After years of living away from the McDowell Mountain Ranch area, decided to try Nick's again...It used to be a favorite of mine.  Sadly, I was very disappointed.  First off, our table was given cold bread.  -  Not room temperature bread, but COLD.  Next, the food was only so-so...I had the spaghetti & meatballs.  The spaghetti was ok, the sauce not so great, and the meatballs were totally dry.  My partner ordered the pizza.  The crust was on the thicker side, and the sauce too sweet and very greasy.  \n\nThe worst part was the service.  We were on the fence about ordering dessert, when our waitress came and quickly dropped off the check....rushing us out.  Not only that but, the owner was getting the table ready next to us, and we overheard him saying to get us out of there because they needed to use our table for a bigger party.  \n\nTerrible...will never go back.
I walk in to get seated, and it took about 15 minutes for the waitress to get our drink order.  I ordered chicken wings...an hour later (no joke, literally an hour), the wings came out and i ate 4 of them. My friend told me to look down on my plate. As i look down, it looked like the chicken had been murdered, yes, they were bloody and raw. Im not saying I wasn't a dumb@$$ for not looking at chicken while i eat it, but damn. I told the waitress and she took them off the bill, a small compensation for what ensued later that night. About 5 hours later, i get home from work, and i start crapping and puking simultaneiously. This went on for 8 hours. I called the doctor to see if im going to die, he said possibly... and to keep slamming water. So i did, i kept myself awake out of fear of death in my sleep by dehydration. So all in all, if you're looking to lose some lbs by crapping out your intestines and other non important organs, Turf is the place to be.
I just wanted to say out of all the hotels in the valley I chose Sheraton Wild Horse Pass for  me and my wife to stay the night and celebrate on the joyous occasion for New Years Eve.  It was very disturbing saying the very least when the fire alarm went off around 4 a.m. in our wing and immediately we jumped from a dead sleep.  As I proceeded into the hallway people were looking at each other saying is this a false alarm without knowing what to assume.  I personally felt systems should of been in place to where the management staff should of been there conveying whether to get out of the building or it is simply a false alarm.  Think we both can agree moments in a real fire can have serious and disastrous consequences.  After the alarm stopped we were way too alert to even thing about falling back to sleep so needless to say we left after 4:45 this morning.  Personally don't think it was worth the $166.88 when it pertains to personal safety.\n\nDo think out of all the casino hotels in the valley Talking Stick Resort is the best as well as being close to all the ammenities in Scottsdale.  \n\n\n  Leonard W Payne\n  Reservation Number #095468391
Save yourself from unnecesary restaurant pain and go somewhere else for real Mexican food.  I usually don't do restaurant bashing but sometimes it's just a guys civic duty.  This place is like somebody in Switzerland's idea of a real southwest Mexican restaurant.  The place is cavernous with decour ala Taiwan import company.  The food is bland and you could probably find more authenticity eating Stouffers.  Margarita's are overpriced but OK.  How can you screw up a margarita?  Besides that it's a great place for another restaurant.
No stars!\n\nMy wife and I were looking for something different in Glendale \\ Peoria area.  Lots of the usual chains here, and since we had never been in Firebirds, we might as well try it.  Mistake\n\nIt wasn't that busy and we were told by the door holder (can't call her a hostess since she was no host) said to sit anywhere.  We waited 15 minutes just to get the waitress to come take drink orders.  Not a good start.\n\nOur Queso with Chips was cold when it came out.  Our meals were bland, greasy bar food.  My ribs tasted like they were bought from Safeway.  And service continued to be ridiculously poor.\n\nYelp makes me give it a star, which it doesn't deserve.  Spending $60 for dinner for 2 and having it be this bad an experience deserves no stars  \n\nDo not waste your time at this poor excuse for a sports bar.  There are many better choices.
"""This is not about the Phoenix location but Avis in general...\n\nWhile traveling from Phoenix to Sedona we had a flat tire in our rental. This was Sunday, July 15th, late afternoon. We needed a drivable car first thing Monday morning. I called the number on the paperwork and spoke with Ryan. He said he would work on getting a car to our hotel in Sedona and call back in 5 minutes. We waited in 100+ degrees temperatures in the sun. We then procedded to walk up a hill to the visitors' center of the Nat'l Park Service. I called and talked with Nathan. Same thing, he would help me. Nathan was able to find our rental information by name as I'd inadvertently left the paperwork back in the car. Nathan said will call back. Waited and no call back from either. I called and talked with Floyd. He started to take the info but had the wrong Robert Kerr. He needed the reservation number (back down the hill in the sun and heat). I mentioned Nathan was able to locate the account and his response was: \Well good for Nathan.\"""" I asked him to check another Robert Kerr and he said there were too many and he could not help without the reservation number. I asked for a supervisor and was put on hold for 10+ minutes. Concerned that with the previous attitude difficulties that I was being ignored with no hopes of being able to reach a supervisor and a cell phone with a low battery + sketchy cell phone coverage. I called and got Ryan who was helpful. He pulled up the account right away without the reservation number. I asked how many Robert Kerrs there were and he said three. I asked if there were any notes on the account and he said yes with the last being Floyd's (who couldn't be bothered looking up three accounts. Ryan resolved the problem and we received a replacement car that evening. We used AAA to change to the spare as Avis could not find our location."""""""
"""This is the worst Paradise Bakery I have been too. Mike and I came here last Friday night primarily to get some chicken noodle soup since he was feeling under the weather. \n\nWe get here and immediately someone tells us that this has been the night from hell and that they are out of a lot of stuff. Ok, thank you for welcoming me into your establishment. \n\nWe asked for a club and were told that the croissants were cooling. Ok, how long until they are ready? Response, \I don't know. A loooong time. But we can get it for you if you wait, but not if you are getting a to go order.\"""" So no croissants for us. I wanted a panini. Only one was available even though three were listed online for the menu for this location. They were out of one kind and I was told that they didn't offer the other even though it was listed as an option online. Fine, I took the only one they had. I then went to get a mixed greens salad and they were out of mixed greens and tomatoes. Who knows what else they were out of that we didn't ask for. \n\nAll the kids who were working here looked miserable to have to be explaining this to customers and be put in this situation. Where was management? No where to be seen."""""""
Visited Sunflower last night in search of Scharffen Berger chocolates.  Nay on SB chocs, but you may find organic (Green &amp; Black's, Love, Newman's Own, etc.) in the impulse buy sections.  I sampled a peanut milk chocolate cluster and an almond chocolate cluster at the bulk section and decided I'd get some peanut ones.  I already had a plastic bag open and was about to jot down the item number on a label twisty-tie when I spotted something moving at the corner of my eye... I lifted the peanut chocolate cluster bin lid to have a look, and there was a 1/2- inch maggot doing its dance on one of the bin's walls!!  I dropped the lid shut, stared at the bugger to see if I wasn't just seeing things, lifted the lid back up and pinched it off the bin's wall with the plastic bag in hand, and handed the bag to a clerk and told him where I found it.  The manager on duty was close by so I repeated everything that transpired to her.  She said she'd empty and sanitize the bin immediately.  I didn't hang around to see if she did anything.\n\nUgh!  I'm getting shivers up and down my spine typing this just now!!  \n\nBTW, I had a look into the freezer aisles a few weeks ago to have a look at the Berto gelato selections and they ALL have a horrible case of freezer burn.  Looks like a pretty low turnover rate...  I'll try to see if Sunflower still carries Laloo goatmilk ice cream, but, honestly, I can't see myself going there anytime soon after the maggot incident...\n---\nUpdate: Just recalled that Sunflower never sold Laloo... I found Laloo's goatmilk ice cream at Whole Foods and AJ's Fine Foods.  Sorry for misleading!
Went in to get my radiator checked because it was leaking. Estimate came back at $911. $285 for labor, which would have been acceptable if they were charging a fair price for parts. For new radiator and fan, seal and hoses. I called my brother a mechanic and he said I was being gouged! Radiator $100, Fan assembly $110, tSeal, upper and lower hoses. Midas is charging double what this job should have cost! This should be a 2 hour job and they charge for 4 +. They over charged me for an oil change and I went on my way to get the work done elsewhere. I used to get my oil changed here religiously as its close to home. I won't be back! They charged me for the estimate, but were ashamed to leave their price tag on it!
"""Don't believe the hype! I heard about their \awesome\"""" margaritas and decided to give them a shot before leaving Arizona. First, the bartender was an a--hole. I asked for the rita I've been hearing so much about and he serves me some frozen thing with chambord. I told myself this must not be the thing I've heard such ravings about so decided to choke that thing down along with their sad excuse of chicken tortilla soup - which had VERY LITTLE cheese and chicken but plenty of broth that looked like diarrhea. After all of this grossness I asked the bartender for the better rita that is not frozen. He told me that their best ritas WERE the frozen ones. When I heard that I got Z'Hell outta that place. \nCan't wait to be back home in Dallas for a REAL rita at Ojeda's and Monica's."""""""
"""Do you like snobby bouncers who failed at life and take it out on you?  Do you like over priced drinks, metro-sexual homo guys and fake dumb bitches?  Then this is the place for you!   The only reason I even went here was to meet my friends who for some reason chose this place.  There was not ONE person in line, but I wasn't allowed in because I wasn't \on the list\"""".  The bouncers obviously have very small dicks and take out their frustration on life on customers and get off on the power trip.  Maybe they tried to be cops or in the army or something, but didn't want to mess up their pretty faces so instead decided to be bouncers at a metro-sexual hotel in Scottsdale.  I suggest you boycott this lame place.  You can see beautiful people at tons of other bars w/ out the headache.  You've been warned."""""""
I needed 2 new front tires, dropped the car off and came back 1.5 hour later and it was done. Then the problems started. The new tires were put on the back and the old rear tires put on the front. The rear tires were both the same brand but different tread (the tire was discontinued and I had to replace the other). Anybody with a brain knows you do NOT put 2 different treads on the front of a car because the car wil not drive straight. So drove away with 2 kids in the car and the car pulling so hard to the left, that if I let go of the steering wheel for a split second I would crash into the car next to me. \n\nWhen I called and asked that they put the new tires on the front like I had requested they told me it could not be done because the manufacturer requires any new tires be put on the rear, even though my car is front wheel drive AND your supposed to rotate the tires front to back every 6000 miles. When i called Falken tires they told me it is only recommended to put new tires in the back but not required.\n\nThe discount tire solution: Try and sell me 2 new tires! I was told they could adjust things down to $98 for 2 new matching tires. I was blown away by their refusal to simply mount the tires where I requested THEN try and sell me more tires. They ended up comping me the tires and just charging install. \n\nThey also misplaced one of my rim center caps. When I went inside to ask where it was, the schumck at the front who did not work on my car just tells me its wasn`t on there when I came it, but he also did not ask the guy who changed my tires. The rim is discontinued and I can not buy more. Maybe the clipped it to sell, maybe it really just spun off on the way to their shop, but I don`t think so.
"""HORRIBLE---no, NON-EXISTENT customer service!  Which is a shame considering they have good pizza.  I ordered 2 pizzas, wings, a 2 liter and extra ranch; an hour later, the delivery guy showed up with 1 pizza and wings.  When I told him that the order was not complete, he just rolled his eyes and rudely informed me their online ordering was \messed up\"""".  Then shoved the pizza and wings at me without apologizing or offering to correct the mistake.  Problem was, I had already been charged for the whole order so I was not about to take less than half of what I paid for.  I told him to cancel the order and he turned and stomped away without another word.  I immediately called the store to make sure I would be credited for my screwed up order that the delivery guy made no attempt to correct.  I asked for the manager when they answered.  The girl who answered said to someone in the background (without putting me on hold so I heard every word): \""""Someone wants a manager.  I guess that is you.\""""  The  \""""manager\"""" told her he didn't have time to talk to customers and proceeded to yell at her about all the work he had to do....uh- FYI buddy, customers are THE REASON YOU ARE IN BUSINESS so it would be a good idea to make time for them!!!! The poor girl came back to the phone after being totally berated by the manager, and I told her what had happened with my order. She offered to credit my card for the order.  Only problem is, it takes 48 hours to process.  So now I am out $40 for the next few days, I have waited over an hour and still have no dinner, and I was treated horribly by not one (delivery driver) but two (manager) Mama Mia employees.  I told the girl on the phone that the delivery guy and manager should not treat customers so rudely, she apologetically agreed.  I asked for the contact information of the owner; if this were my business, I would want someone to let me know if my employees were treating customers like dirt.  She could not provide the contact information but offered to call someone named Frank and have him call me back to resolve the situation.  I never received a call.  Apparently, the \""""customers are not important\"""" tone is set at the top in this business.  There are lots of good pizza places in Phoenix, save yourself the hassle and the headache, order from somewhere that actually knows the meaning of customer service."""""""
Whoever runs this stadium has no understanding of baseball tradition or how to serve people food.  \n\nThe concession stands were unbelievably slow. It took 2 and a half innings during a slow moving game to get a hamburger and coke.  What makes it unforgivable is that all the concessions are broken up by food.  So all that this concession offered was hamburgers.  There was no guessing what the next customer would order and the lines were huge.  Hmm, I wonder what the people are waiting in line for?? \n\nIn the 7th inning, the stadium committed the ultimate sin for a ballpark.  They replaced 'Take me out to the Ballgame' for seventh inning stretch with 'Cotton Eyed Joe'.  Are you freaking kidding me??? \n\nWhat a poorly run ballpark... Needless to say, 1 star.
Just once, I would like to be charged at the end what is quoted in the beginning.  \n\nMy alternator went out and I called American Auto Lube and Repair as they have positive reviews on another review site.  They quoted me $221 for the alternator.  The same alternator sells retail at O'Reilly for $180 but I figured they have to make their money and I am sure they do not have the buying power of O'Reilly.  \n\nSurprise, Surprise, I get the bill at the end and they charged me $272 for the alternator.  When we complained, the one who made the quote was no where to be found.  \n\nBusinesses take note, being dishonest does not bring customers back.  I hope it is worth the overcharge to lose a customer for life.
My last visit there ended in a total mess. I ordered pick up, the item i had problem with was the bean curd family style with vegetables, as the waiter seem to think it did not exist. So I had to point to him where that was on the menu. Once I did he said that must be a new item, it wasn't as I have ordered that every time I visited in the last 2 years.  His excuse was it was new to him as he had not seen the time in two years. After telling him the other items I had to re-point him to where the tofu dish was. I told him he should write the number down for that item, he explain the cook did not go off of that.\n\nWhen it was done they handed me a 4 item meal in one bag. Keep in mind I live about 20 - 25 minutes away. When I got home I found instead of tofu dish, I had a shrimp dish. I called them, and the waiter asked if i was sure it was wrong.  Just a hint tofu is square, shrimp is not. After making it clear the dish was wrong he told me he would have to find the cook to see if she would replace it. I decided I just wanted my money back on that item. That was until I went through the bag further.  The egg rolls were on the bottom of the bag soaking in fluids from the other meals. Unlike most Chinese take out these guys do not put it in boxes and bag it separately if it will leak,instead they put it in styrofoam. That was the last straw I decided I wanted a full refund.\n\nWhen I got there I had a replacement to my order, despite the fact I stated I wanted a refund on the phone. I also stated I wanted all of my money back as I showed them pictures from my iPad of what my meal looked like. First excuse was the guy was new, seriously three months should be enough time to know your job when handling orders. The worst part was it was my fault that fluids from my food leaked on everything according to the manager. I got my refund, but the manger does not understand what went wrong. Clearly I will not be going back again.
I recently had a terrible experience at the Bevmo on I-10 & Ray. I ordered a keg of premium beer for a 40th birthday & the transaction went fine. But when I went to use it, the keg put out foam all night! I did everything I was supposed to do from keeping it cold to tapping it correctly. We ended up going to Fry's and just buying beer for the party! When I returned the keg & explained the issues nobody cared. I spent over $180 on this keg. They said they'll check it with the company they get it from & see if it was bad & the manager would call me back...still waiting...I will never shop at Bevmo again after getting no compassion or a call back! Stay away from this store!
"""J and I were planning on attending this event.  Mainly because I had purchased a Groupon that got us 2 for the price of 1.  That and we have watched both seasons of F.T.R and love it!  Needless to say, we were pretty excited for this event. \n\nWe got to Indian Bend and the 101 around 10:00am.  Having never been to the ballpark before, I wasn't sure if I was heading in the right direction.  No sooner than I got to Pima, I start seeing the line of cars.   \n\nIt takes 30 minutes to finally get to a lot entrance.  I ask the guy standing at the entrance if there's expectant mother parking.  He says no, but that I'm free to park in the area where they're directing those with handicapped plates and placecards.  I thank him and drive over to the grassy knoll.  I don't even have a chance to put my truck into park before some guy comes running over telling me I cant park there.  I very strongly said, \Well I'm pregnant, and the gentleman right over there said that I could.\""""  He doesn't say another word.  The woman in the car next to me then said, \""""They'll end up giving you a ticket.\""""  I state that since this isn't technically handicapped parking - No signs that state HC only parking - They technically don't have the right.  I then remembered where I was and I didn't really feel like fooling around with tribal cops.   I throw the truck into reverse and get in the line to head to park with the rest of the cars.  \n\nWe finally get to the head of the parking line and next thing we know, we're being told parking is $5.  NO WHERE ON OUR WAY INTO THE LOT WE WERE PARKING IN DID IT STATE PARKING WAS $5!!!  We were livid.  No where on the event website did it state that parking was $5.  We pretty much yell this to the min. wage lot attendants.  AND - Where does SRPM get off charging people $5 to park in a f-ing DIRT LOT!?   $7 for parking for events at the State Fair location in Phoenix (which they have noted on their website)- to park on a paved lot.....Fine.  $5 to park on a f-ing dirt lot?  I told them where they could shove the car behind me's $5 and make a U-Turn to leave.  \n\nJ and I ended up going to breakfast instead - where we didn't have to pay to park.  \n\nFrom what I'm told, and from what I'm gathering with glancing at a few reviews - the Street Eats Festival was not worth it.  With long lines, and trucks running out of food.  I'm now kind of glad we bailed in the dirt lot."""""""
"""DO NOT ENTER INTO ANY BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS WITH THIS FRAUDULENT COMPANY.\n\nI ordered a door from Dynasty five months ago and am STILL waiting for my door to arrive. I called on numerous occasions to find myself dealing with rude, unhelpful, and incompetent people. The ETA for my door has been pushed back twice already (5 weeks each time). I kept receiving the same response from the \manager.\"""" Apparently, they're going through \""""hard times\"""" and cannot have my door shipped from China. However, I found out today from an employee that they have not even started production on my door. I believe this is a fraudulent company and that I have been scammed. \n\nBe careful!"""""""
After the excruciating four hour long Barrett Honors College convocation ceremony my parents took me (new graduate) and my boyfriend out for celebratory BBQ. My dad talked Lucille's up like it was better than Pappy's in St. Louis. He raved about the biscuits, the ribs, and the apple butter for days before we attended my ceremony, and I was really excited to try the food. Disappointment does not even begin to describe our experience.\n\nThe restaurant was relatively empty at the time of our visit. The hostess sat us at a table that could, possibly, have doubled as the freezer. The AC was turned way to low on a relatively cool evening, and I was shivering throughout my entire meal. I know that this isn't the hostess' or the waitress' fault, but my mom asked several times if they could turn up the AC or move us. \n\nThe food was terrible. I ordered a full rack of ribs for $26.99 and they were burnt to high hell. Paired with the AC, my whole plate was cold in five minutes flat. I ordered Mac and Cheese as both of my sides and that was decent. My parents also split a burnt full rack of ribs, and my boyfriend had an average tasting pulled pork sandwich. We were served terrible quality food for the pricing of this restaurant. \n\nOur waitress was really nice, but I think she should have noticed how burnt the food was that she served us. I understand that we visited the restaurant at 9:20pm on a Wednesday evening, but their website showed that they take reservations all the way until 9:30pm. It is just really unfortunate that this establishment doesn't take more pride in their product. People go to restaurants on memory making occasions, and a bad dinner can ruin a good moment. Lucille's would do better to remember that in the future. \n\nTL;DR Burnt food, terrible for the price, will ruin your graduation experience.
The ambiance was promising when we all arrived.  It was suggested that the prime rib would be the best option so I ordered the 7 oz, medium (using their menu-rankings and descriptions as a guide), plus the usual sides.\n\nWhat I got was essentially steak tartar, with a millimeter-thick quick sear on the outside.  On first bite I wasn't sure what I was eating, so I had a second.  Then it became apparent that the middle of the steak was not only rare, it was completely raw .. basically refrigerator-cold to the tongue.\n\nSo, steak sashimi not being what I wanted I waited for the server to return.  This didn't happen so I got up and went searching through the restaurant, to no avail.  I finally just stood in the middle of a busy intersection until one passed by, and explained the situation.  He could not find our server either so agreed to take it back for 'reheating'.\n\nA few minutes later someone higher up came and apologized and said another would would be right up.  The rest of our party continued to dine while I sat there with no dining whatsoever, no refills on water/drink etc.  About 20 minutes later my food arrived (45 mins after ordering), and everyone else was most way through theirs.  \n\nWith wine glass completely empty, no service for refills forthcoming, I proceeded into steak #2 with just a glass of water.\n\nSteak #2 was marginally better, but in lieu of medium it was just well done on the outer ring and again, all-rare tartar in the middle.\n\nI gave up after a few bites, just surrendered the meal altogether and just went to a taco take-out on the way back to the hotel.\n\nI didn't do an exhaustive review of the check but it did not look like anything was comped, though the restaurant put in a $25 gift card for a future visit.  This I regarded as a final insult, as I have no desire to return to this place and in lieu of making up for the bad meal and poor service, the only apparent apology is an invitation to come back and do it all over again.\n\nI hope others have a better experience.
If we were able to give 0 stars... I would ask to give -1.\n\nI live nearby, and am sad to see that a coffeeshop that sells coffee this horrible is still in business in my neighborhood.\n\nNot only was the breve mocha that I ordered disgusting, so was the process of watching the barista make my drink.\n\nThey use hershey's chocolate from a dirty nacho cheese style pump with chocolate sauce dripping down the sides, and coagulated into a thick cap at the tip of the nozzle.  *Disgusting.  \n\nThe espresso shot was made without care, or concern for the fact that it was done way too quickly, and with espresso grounds that were ground way before I walked in the door.  Possibly way before the barista started her shift.   *Gross\n\nAnd finally.  The milk.  She steamed the milk with the automatic steam wand.  This was a huge red flag.  Those are notorious for burning milk and making disgusting drinks.  Well, both were accomplished. \n\nThe steam wand was tinted white from lack of cleaning.  And the worst part was that near the end of the wand was a DARK CHEESE that had accumulated from burning milk and not cleaning the wand after every use. \nWhich is FREAKIN - DISGUSTING.\n\nI wasted 5 bucks on an overpriced small mocha, and threw it away after taking a sip.  \n\nHundreds of businesses in the area close down every year, and there are more realty signs in strip malls in this neighborhood than actual storefronts.  AND I really don't understand why this place hasn't joined the many defunct businesses and starry eyed entrepreneurs in the unemployment line.  \n\nIf you own a coffeeshop.  Coffee should be your passion.  \nIf you own a bait shop.  Fishing should be your passion.\nIf you just want to open up a business that mirrors a nearby popular chain (short, tall, grande), please stop wasting space in the strip mall and get a day job in a cubicle.\n\nNever going back, warning my friends about this place, and am probably going to contact the health department on Monday.
