A Humane Society store at the Biltmore?  Interesting.  I had seen an adorable chihuahua mix at the Humane Society's webpage, and headed over to check out the little dog and the store.  They sell a variety of toys, treats, leashes, collars, and foods- in short, they sell a little bit of everything.  There's no tax, and if you adopt a pet from them they will give you 10% off the price as a thank you.  When I went there were 4 dogs up for adoption, a rabbit, and a wall of cats.  The little chihuahua mix was hanging out in the store with another little dog, so we got to play with them for a little bit.  The staff were friendly, and weren't pushy or hovering.  \n\nIn the end, we did end up adopting that little chihuahua mix from here.  He's the sweetest little dog ever.  Thank you Petique!
The tire pressure light came on a day or so ago, so I had my husband fill the tire with more air. Took it down to Discount Tire this morning, and apparently I ran over a hunk of metal a few days ago. Although it was pretty busy in there, they fit me in and had my tire repaired in about 30-35 minutes. Cost = $0. Totally awesome. And they didn't try to sell me new tires! Love that. \n\nPlus one of the technicians in the garage was singing so loudly to Lady Gaga that he could be heard in the waiting area. Very entertaining. :)
Found this place looking for a taqueria on line. I wanted authentic mexican food. NOT taco bell! I found exactly what I was looking for. I got the Carne Asada burrito. It was bigger then Chipolte's for $2.00 less! The asada was very good and lean, no fat. I was staying in the area for 5 days and found myself eating here four times! Very friendly service and clean. My son said he knew it was going to be good even before we walked in because of the mexican music playing outside, and he was right! TAQUERIA MI CASITA ROCKS!  I will definately find my way back here again.
I was so excited when I saw this place opening. We moved here from California so this was yet another thing we left behind. Fortunately all our favorites are slowly following us here. Eventually California will fall into the ocean and we'll have beach front property and we'll be set. I digress. \n\nThis BevMo particularly is really well stocked and large. Larger than a lot of California ones and the people here are all really helpful. If they don't have something in stock, they can order it for you and get it in pretty quick. They used to have a great bar in it with wine and beer tastings but it's gone now. Some problem with licensing - I'm assuming liquor license. I can empathize with the bureaucracy. I just filed our quarterly taxes and its driven me to drink - hence BevMo.\n\nEven if you have nothing in particular to buy, take a walk through. It's like Disneyland for adults. Unless you're a Mormon. Then it may not be for you. But if you're not, it's great. (Special bonus - HUGE selection of tiny liquor bottles to stash for lame dry wedding or to keep on hand for general times that require tiny bottles of booze.)
"""This was also my first play, sad I know! Although I missed the first half of \The Clean House\"""" I was lucky enough to find someone that caught me up to speed! We got seated on the lower level left balcony very close as soon as I sat down I pretty much laughed thru the rest of the play, it was a great story! I had no idea there was cussing in the theatre! The cast was excellent, I am also a fan of Felicity La Fortune (Lani) she appeared in a soap I used to watch I thought she was fantastic!! I missed the Wicked Bakery & Gelato spot stuff afterward's no worry's Wicked is near by and I am planning a visit soon, like tomorrow lol! Seeing the play was a treat all by itself a good time was had! Thank you Yelp and Gabi!!"""""""
Carlsbad Tavern is my favorite Mexican restaurant. I love the dark and cozy atmosphere inside and I love that they have Hoegaarden on tap.. I've had the machaca burrito and fish tacos here and both dishes were amazing. They serve New Mexico cuisine here. The only difference I noticed is they are big on green chile and use black beans instead of refried beans. I have a lot of friends from New Mexico and they all love this restaurant. The food here is delicious and flavorful if you don't live in the neighborhood it's definitely worth the drive.
I like Chinese food. When I lived in San Francisco, I lived in the Inner Richmond (before it was run over by the Hiptards, when it was a fun Chinese neighborhood), and would go to various restaurants with a friend, Chinese, so we got taken care of all the time.\n\nNow in LA, it's more about Korean and Thai, but I still love my Chinese food.\n\nI flew in to see the parents, and we headed over to Joyful for dinner. The parents have been there a few times, and a friend of theirs is a NY'er who is fanatical about his Chinese food, and he goes once a week. \n\nSpoke to the wait staff, from Hong Kong and Macau via Vietnam and then Los Angeles. They have Cantonese and Mandarin style, as well as a few Thai and curry dishes.\n\nWe ordered egg rolls, vegetable egg rolls, vegetable egg foo young, beef chow mein and chicken moo shu. All were amazingly good, and fresh. That's the key: really, really fresh.\n\nThe chow mein noodles were homemade, nice and fresh. The beef was a nice quality, and thick pieces.\n\nThe moo shu, for me, was the best. They hand roll the crepes in the back, coming out in tightly wound roll. The chicken and vegetables were nice and fresh, white meat. And the extra hoison sauce was perfect.\n\nAnd they give you almond cookies and fortune cookies at the end, which isn't really Chinese but who cares. :)\n\nAll in all, it's a four and half star place. The fifth star, however, is to offset Lauren. Sorry you didn't get utensils, but really the food is much better than 2 stars. And, the hotel should have been able to supply you with fork, knife and spoon ... just tip the bell boy $2 and you would have been set.
AMAZING FOOD! Yes there is a long wait (2-3 Hours sometimes) but if you can't find any friends that you would like to spend a few hours with next door at the bar drinking wine and eating a cheese platter and some olives, then maybe you should just call for delivery and stay in your cave.  The ingredients are minimal on your pizza but you can' TASTE the freshness, and that beats all greasy and heavy pizza in my book! So come prepared to wait, but Bar Bianco, which is less than 20 steps away will help entertain you while you wait. Food and service are exceptional!
Last night we attended the  summer night time activities for kids held on Fridays  form 6-9 during the summer. We had a great time, the kids had water  blow up slides to play on , water play , Phoenix Youth theater acts, \nfun  family music.   They have only one more Friday left this summer, so come out and have fun. There was a lovely breeze by about 7:00  and the sun  stopped heating it up. \n\nAlways love the zoo, they seem to be getting more and more exhibits and animals.  I recommend going at the beginning of the day or end of the day. That's when many animals come out to play , feed and  water. \nLast  night we  saw the family of wild dogs playing and hanging out  also saw the cheetahs which was  a treat , they usually hide to camouflage .\n\nThe zoo is equipped with clean bathrooms, lots of places  for breaks and hanging out. We have had two birthday parties there and the kids loved it. \n\nThe kids wanted a ride on the tram which was nice in the evening , we learned new facts from the guide and a little about the Zoo's work on keeping many animals from becoming extinct.\n\nMy 9 year old and my best friends 10 year old have been coming here since they were 2 and 3 . They love coming here and never seem to tire of it\n\n We visit the zoo about every two months just to check out what the animals are doing.  You can bring in your own food, wagons, bikes and stay all day . For little ones there is a huge tree house to play in  and a water splash place for summer.
Oh...my...lanta! I can't believe I haven't visited this little gem sooner! It's nestled atop a Pei Wei and Starbucks so I wasn't sure what to expect.  But from the moment I walked up the dimly light stairway and into the bar, I knew it was going to be a great night.  So first off, they open at 4 and happy hour is until 7pm.  (20% off everything on Sundays!!). They have a huge selection of different booze and brews and their specialty cocktails are definitely something that sets them apart from other bars.  I loves me some Moscow Mule, so when I saw that they had one on the menu (in a real copper mug!!) I ordered one immediately.  It was so tastilicious that I had to order a second.  For my next drink, I tried the Retro Cooler, which in my opinion, is as cool as it gets...think Matthew McConaughey in Dazed and Confused.  It's a mix of St. Germaine (Elderflower liquer) with Champagne and a lemon twist.  It went down the ole' hatch super easy, though, so be careful!  The second time I enjoyed this bar I ordered the White Rabbit (no...it's not vegan and they don't have a milk substitute...I cheated!)  It has Godiva White Chocolate liquer, horchata, stoli vanilla and some other yumness.  This one tasted like candy and I drank it in about five seconds.  Anyway, besides the drinks, they also have a few light snacks like hummus, artichoke dip, etc.  The vibe in this place is super chill and I really dig the way the bar is set up; the backdrop has big circle cutouts with yellow lights behind. There are comfy couches and high top tables and of course seats at the bar.  I almost felt like I was going to see Shane and Alice from the L Word walk in.  On our last visit, it was pretty busy as it was a holiday weekend and there was a dj.  The people of SideBar definitely know what they're doing and I will certainly be back!
Love this place!\n\nI'm vegetarian, but my friends and family aren't. It's great that True Food has plenty of options for both, plus those who are gluten free. I highly recommend the TLT sandwich (tempeh, lettuce, tomato) with sweet potato hash or the hummus plate. The hummus plate is enough for your main meal or to be shared with 2-4 people.\n\nThe pricing is decent--it's what you're going to pay anywhere else in Scottsdale. The only time I had an issue with the service was when they first opened and had snobby hostesses, but I haven't had that problem again. The weekend wait at night can get annoying, but at least they offer free wifi to pass the time.
OHHHHHHHHHH BABY!!!! I love me some InNOut Burger.  Growing up in Arizona we didn't have InNOut Burger, so when we went to So Cal to visit family, the daily trips to InNOut were like mini vacations within our vacation.  You can imagine how happy I was when they started opening them in the Valley.\n\nI absolutely love this place.  Try something off the secret menu.  3x3, 4x4, animal style, well done fries... grilled cheese! yup!\n\nThe service is always good, the restaurants are always clean, and the food is always fresh.  Can't ask for much more.
This past weekend, I finally had a chance to try the brunch at Postino on Central. I went as part of Smunch, my monthly brunch meetup. I was really looking forward to this, as the reviews I'd read were glowing, and Postino did not disappoint!\n\nI started brunch with a delightful peach bellini, and my wife and I shared an order of walnut toast with brie and fresh berry compote. The berries and brie were a fantastic combination and the bread was yummy, toasted lightly to add a bit of crunch.\n\nI had the French toast, which I'd heard from Georgie S. was good enough to bathe in. It lived up to its reputation, as it was warm and soft inside without being too well done on the outside. It was served with creme fraiche, berry compote and sliced strawberries. It was an altogether delightful take on a breakfast classic.\n\nFinally, I finished the morning with a glass of honey cucumber lemonade and a cup of coffee. The lemonade was absolutely wonderful, light and refreshing. I'm sure it's magic during the hot summer months, but even with the winter weather I found it enjoyable. The coffee is from Lola Coffee a local coffeehouse and roaster. It was slightly more bitter than I prefer, but I accept that I'm an unrepentant coffee snob, so I rate it as perfectly acceptable for a restaurant setting.\n\nFinally, I have to commend Postino for handling the 30+ Smunch attendees very well. Troy (the manager) had set up four tables, but the group quickly expanded to seven. The staff, especially our excellent server Jenny handled everything with grace and a smile. I was also impressed that the kitchen staff was able to turn out so many simultaneous orders while keeping the quality high.\n\nThe only problem was with figuring out the bill. Instead of doing separate checks or checks per table, we had three or four checks which each contained the orders for several people, but we weren't sure whose was whose. In the end, we got it handled, and since this was a special situation, I didn't feel that it should take away from the five stars I feel Postino deserves.\n\nOverall, Postino brunch is a resounding success!
Great dim sum!  Go on Sunday for brunch/lunch!\n\nFavorites that I always order:\nShrimp dumplings\nBean curd rolls\nShrimp or beef noodle wraps\nSnow buns for dessert\n\nIf you're brave, try the chicken feet.  It's a traditional plate that is delicious as long as you can get over the fact that you're eating feet.  If you're Asian, you should have been born over it.  haha\n\nDrink tea with your dim sum!  It's not right any other way.\n\nThe owner/manager comes around during dim sum time to make sure you got all the goodies you wanted.  If not, he goes and grabs it from the cart especially for you!  How nice of him!\n\nI've been here for dim sum, with one occasion for dinner.  Everything was tasty!  There aren't as many traditional choices that would be found in the bay area or LA (California), but this is the best place in the Pheonix/Mesa area for Chinese food so far.
"""WHY did I not order a Stetson Chopped Salad for myself instead of opting to share it with my girl?! BAD BAD choice, on my part. Once again, after 2+ years of not having one, it blew my boots off.\n\nWe made reservations and they seated us as we walked in the door at our appointed time.\n\nOur server, Gabe, was extraordinary- attentive and on the ball.\n\nWe split the Stetson Chopped, had an order of \Crispy Mac N Cheese\"""" and the BBQ ribs with the cherry BBQ sauce. The mac n cheeze was okay, a little dry, though they did provide a nice salsa thingy to moisten it up. The ribs n cherry sauce, OMG!!!\n\nWish they would sell the Stetson Chopped and ship it to me in San Diego... I am sure they would for a price, eh? I'll let you know how that day goes."""""""
"""I can't believe I've lived in the East Valley for 2+ years and only just heard of this place!  My 4 year-old son and I visited today and had a fantastic 2 hours - free from whining and complaining - and FREE of charge!\n\nThis is a great spot to take kids ages 2 - 12 on a hot summer day for cheap, educational entertainment  (I'd say the sweet spot is ages 3 - 8).  There are 2 separate areas, one designed for kids under 5 and the other for 5 - 12 (but I saw kids from 2 - 12 in both areas).  The younger side features large, soft stacking blocks, bouncy horses to ride, a large & well-stocked play kitchen and living room, a play stage, and a coloring area.  \n\nThe 5+ side has at least 8 different craft areas to create different projects with tons of mixed media, glue, pipe cleaners - you name it.  There are puzzles and cutouts to stack and create art sculptures, a vet's office with lab coats, scales, and stuffed pets, animal costumes + a video screen, a sticker project, origami art room, musical instruments, and I'm sure there are things I'm forgetting.  There are also live animals in the \Extreme Pet\"""" exhibit I'm told - but the schedule wasn't posted online and they weren't there on our visit.\n\nThe first Sunday of every month is free from 12pm to 5pm and there is ample free parking on the street and in city lots.  Some of the complaints from previous reviewers don't make a lot of sense to me, but to each their own.  My son had a great time and can't wait to go back!"""""""
First time here a week ago. The atmosphere is fantastic ! We came during dinner (around 630PM) and the place was packed but everyone was friendly and so was the service.\n\nWe ordered 4 different bruschettas. I was originally intending on ordering a panini, but one of my sorority sisters suggested otherwise. A few other sisters vouched for their bruschetta, so the bf and I didn't think we'd go wrong there. All of the different kinds we tried were delicious! So much that we ordered another 4 with our 2 favorites. Can't go wrong... just pick one! Or 4... since they come served that way.\n\nI wasn't feeling wine that night for some strange reason, but their cucumber lemonade was sooooooooo refreshing. Yes, that many O's.\n\nNew favorite stop-by-when-we're-in-town place.
I don't understand anyone not loving this place.  It destroys Honey Bears and Big City BBQ.  The guy who owns the place resembles Michael Clarke Duncan and is extraordinarily friendly.  He gives us free sodas often and used to break my balls when I wasn't over-the-top gentlemanly with my girlfriend.\n\nThe food is relatively expensive, but he gives you a large volume.  You'd have to be a big boy to finish the entire thing in a sitting.  The brisket melts in your mouth.  The rib meat falls off the bone like it was never attached.  Yes, it's fairly greasy, but the food is absolutely delicious.  The sides aren't anything special, but they are good.  The meat earns this place five stars, along with the character of the guy who owns the place.\n\nThe atmosphere is somewhat minimal, but I actually like it for that.  It's just a simple bbq place.  You get jars for your drinks, and the tables have traditional picnic table cloths.
"""This is one of my very favorite stores in the Valley!  The first thing I always do, is make my way to the back to the grocery section.  They've got foods from all over the world (that you won't find at TJ's or AJ's) and delicacies that take me back to my travels.\nNext, I do the wall decor.  I've gotten some really cool iron hangings for my living room.  \nNext, the furniture!  I have been shopping for bedroom furniture for 2 months and I always make my way to Cost Plus World Market.  The prices are REALLY reasonable (and it's real wood!) and they have a delivery option.  \nI call the style of this store \funky urban\"""".  I prefer it over Pier 1."""""""
This is my all-time favorite hangout/ coffee shop/ work-out-of-the-office place in Phoenix. The coffee is fantastic (and so is the green iced tea), and everyone is super friendly. But THE thing to go to FTC for are.... \n\nthe vegan brownies. \n\n\nI'm not a vegan; I love most meaty things. But if all vegan food could taste this good, I'd plaster Phoenix in PETA stickers.\n\nOnly downsides: chairs are uncomfortable, and there aren't enough outlets. But if you get their early enough, neither are issues at all.
"""I can't add much to the great reviews, except I had to rave about Little Saigon!\n\nI've tried a few Vietnamese restaurants on the west side, then my hubby stumbled across Little Saigon on his first trip to Yelpland.  Located in charming downtown Glendale only two miles from home, we went there on a Saturday night.  There is a generous patio with lovely twinkle lights, and you can hear the music from the coffee shop across the street.  The interior is bright and cheerful, with, I think, 3 rooms.\n\nThe place was almost full - always a good sign, and a very friendly waiter seated us and took our drink orders.  The menu is generous, and the prices reasonable.  We shared spring rolls and potstickers.  Best spring roll ever, methinks: not too much lettuce as filler, delish pork and shrimp that tastes like it once swam, with a light peanut sauce that does not overwhelm.  The potstickers were also great - generously filled with tasty pork and veggies, complimented by a mild Asian BBQ sauce.  We were off to a good start.\n\nHubs, who is new to Vietnamese cuisine, and who gets props for trying, chose a pan fried rice noodle dish with meat (at least chicken and shrimp) and veggies.  He thoroughly enjoyed it, generously offering me one bite, and pretending not to notice when I stole a couple more.\n\n Just as my bench-mark dish for rating Thai restaurants is Pad Thai, my dish for Vietnamese food is Bun Thit Nuong (or Bun Thit Heo Nuong here).  My bowl had all the right stuff: tender, flavorful grilled pork (not a speck of gristle - a first in Phoenix!), lettuce, bean sprouts, cilantro, mint, and julienned cukes, vermicelli and sauce.  I love the sweet, vinegary sauce that comes with Bun Thit Nuong, and my sweet server told me the ingredients.  It was simply so very good.\n\nLittle Saigon has the whole package:  clean, cute, friendly and attentive service, and excellent food.  We can't wait to go back and try some of the other things on the menu, and mentioned in Yelp reviews.  Can you say \Yum, yum\"""", Dum Dum?"""""""
Expensive. Small. Filled with talent.\n\nWalked in with a ten minute browsing mentality, on our way to the airport to head back home to CA, we stopped off to buy a cupcake next door...and spotted this ultra-cute spot. Absolutely NO intention to buy anything...but I can't pass up a boutique crawl.\n\nSo how did we rush out 15 min later with two pairs of butt-hugging William Rast jeans for him and two extremely sassy dresses for me?? \n\nThe fabulous female duo that runs this place! They got talent. Quickly dressing my hub in what looks good on him, and tossing me a pair of heels to go with the dress I was modeling in front of the 3way, they knew how to make the most of the short time we did have and make it work. \n\nDresses 50% off and jeans lookin' way too hot, my wallet lost the battle with my inner fashionista. I wish these ladies had a shop near me....they had ridiculously cute stuff and tons of it.\n\nWait, my bank account says maybe not. But anyway, Happy 5 Year Anniversary to us...we deserve a splurge!
I went to the new 'Nous' with my girlfriends a couple of weeks ago and we had a blast.  Of course there was the standard no card, and a $5 cover that Friday night, but it was well worth the ATM fee.  \n\nThis is the kind of place you can hear some blues, reggae, soul, and disco to boggie the night away.  I preferred to drink a mixed cocktail and do the twist for most of the night and had a fabulous time.  There is limited seating and it does get crowded (with good reason), so arrive early or plan on spending your night on the dance floor!  \nThe staff is straight forward and they get the job done well, music is top notch for Phoenix, the capital of non blues bar having cities..! have fun!
I wish I had tried this place earlier! It has quickly become my go-to place for pizza in the Valley. I really like Oregano's, but they are better known for their specialty pizzas and when I crave sausage pizza they aren't my number one choice. I've never actually eaten in-shop as I always pick it up and take it home, but they are prompt and I've never had to wait for it to finish. There is seriously something addicting in their sweet sauce, because you definitely start to crave it after a while. I wasn't quite sure the first time I had it, but I've quickly come to love the taste.\n\nI tend to go between the Mama's Signature, the Combo, and the Sausage and Peppo, but I've never had a bad pizza. Way better than the chains! I've found it even reheats better than most.
"""I have been wanting to go to the Phoenix Art Museum for a long time now.  I just kept showing up on days they were closed or days when they didn't open until much later than I got there!  \n\nThey're closed on Mondays and Tuesdays and their hours are longer on Wednesdays.  Also, on Wednesdays, entry is free for everyone from 3P-9P; they just ask for a donation.  Kids under 6 are always free!\n\nLuckily, I was able to make it in today with my daughter.  \n\nThere is a current Paper exhibit that is pretty cool.  There is a papier mache sculpture exhibit by a Tucson artist that is veryyyyyy spooky.  There are dresses made from newspaper and the yellow pages.  There are lithographs of pop art you may recognize.  \n\nI liked that the museum houses a good balance of fine art and modern art.  I am not too keen on pop art, but DD is.  Her favorite piece in the whole museum was \The Artist who Swallowed the World,\"""" by Erwin Wurm.  She couldn't stop talking about it and remembered it by name.  She made sure to ask me what each piece was named, though sometimes she would dart to the next piece before hearing the answer.\n\nMy favorites were mostly in the fine art area.  I especially loved looking at all the old portraits.  Sometimes I felt as if they were alive.  If only the movie Night at The Museum was nonfiction!  But, seriously, the old masters really had a gift for painting their subject's gaze.  Fascinating!\n\nI also loved seeing the old bathing suits from the 20s and 50s and the old Naval uniforms.  I would LOVE to have a vintage bathing suit.  In fact, I might scour Etsy for one now!\n\nWe both loved the museum, even though I would have preferred to spend more time there.  DD was seeking quantity over quality today.  Perhaps I will get the chance to meander here another time with another adult!"""""""
I love this place so much I would love to move to the area and volunteer. I came here to get my therapy pet which happens to be a guinea pig named Clark and while we were there we could not resist a rat named ratatouille so we snatched her up as well. I could not help but take forever looking at all of the darling pets and feel so sad that I could not take all of them home with me. The employees are very much as in love with pets as I am and you can tell that each and every one of them is an avid animal lover and not just some person who is working there because it's a job to them. \n\nThe person who helped us let us take our time petting each pig and getting a feel for each animal. He even played with the rat for what seemed like an extended amount of time. Don't expect to waltz in here and waltz on out of here in 15 minutes, you really want to make sure you feel a connection to the animal so just sit there and play and hold the animal. The employees will tell you all you need to know about the animal's history and demeanor. Plus they want to make sure that they are going to suitable homes so you will need to fill out an application and if you live in apartments make sure you go and adopt while your apartment complex office is open because they will need to call and make sure that you are allowed to have pets in your complex, no exceptions.\n\nThe staff is so friendly and we were even able to purchase an extra cage for $12! If you know small animal cages you recognize that this is a steal for a new, moderate sized animal cage. The facilities are very nice for an adoption center, there is a gift shop for your new pet so you can pick up beautiful collars and pet dishes ect. I think you even get a discount when you adopt a pet. Each animal has their own section and there are rooms where they will put in in with the pet and play with them. As I was leaving I couldn't help myself and took Clark out at the car so I could cuddle him, an employee was going home and stopped and chatted with me and was very nice as she was happy to see Clark going home. I also like that they provide you with a free vet exam and expenses paid (if needed) up to $500 for any conditions the pet might have although they are thoroughly taken care of at the shelter. The appointment just needs to be made within 5 days at any VCA hospital that they will give you a flyer for in your adoption packet. I will be back here again.
"""This place has a big sign outside that says \n\Under New Management\""""\n\nI'm not sure how new the management is, or if the old management sucked... whatever.  Don't really care.\n\nI totally dig this place.  $3.99/lb of live Fiji rock, AWESOME!\n$7.99/lb of live Tonga rock, HUZZAH!\n(I got 20lbs of live rock, and when I brought it home and set it up, all these little starfish and shrimp climbed out of the rock! )\n\nI'm new to the marine aquarium world and I like that the guys here totally love saltwater tanks, talking about them, giving advice, etc etc.\n\nThey've been very helpful, and have super cool fishies to stare at too!\nI like a lot."""""""
Yes, I know, this is my 2nd update so I'll try to make it short & sweet. \n\nI bought a Groupon about a week ago & decided to use it this past Saturday when the hubs & I were trying to think of a place to have lunch. I got the chili cheese dog this time & it was delicious! Cheese burger & onion rings were freakin yum as usual & I have to say the fries were better this time around. We went a lil crazy & got 4 additional sodas, along with the 2 we had during lunch, 2 root beers, 2 cream sodas & 2 orange sodas. I also have to add, since this was our 1st time dining in, how clean it was! They had a girl at the register this time & she was super sweet.\n\nWe love this place!!
I love this place. I have had at least 8 screws in my tires over the past 6 months and they have patched them all for me for free! I did have one instance where my tire was beyond repair and not only did they offer me a credit for the old tire, they match a competitors price for a new tire that was similar and I ended up with a new tire for only 20 dollars! \nThey are fast, understanding of my time, and reliable. I will never go anywhere else because of how great they have always been!
What can I say?  This is my favorite place in the world to eat or drink.  I don't know where to begin.\n\nAt both locations whether it's busy as all hell or dead, we are always seated pretty promptly.  \n\nThe beer is top notch.  Kiltlifter is my #1 favorite beer of all time.  I've tried them all and they are all very competitive but Kiltlifter takes the cake.\n\nOnto the foodies.  Without a doubt, any burger on the menu is going to be monstrous and delightful.  Mushroom and Swiss is my backup but I've recently fallen in love with the Jalapeno burger.  It's cream cheese, roasted jalapenos (not spicy) and onion straws.  For $9 you can't beat it.  I really haven't strayed away from my favorites (I tend to stick with what I love) but anything anyone has ordered on the menu, there has never been a complaint.\n\nWithout a doubt, if you are just visiting for a day or two in Tempe or Scottsdale, this is the place you want to go for lunch or dinner.  It will save you on the pocketbook and you'll leave with a smile on your face.\n\nThey also play wonderful music and have lots and lots of television.  I have also never had to wait longer than 5 minutes to sit at a table.
Blue Nile has great raw food.  This is important,, because there aren't too many places available to get raw food now.  Although it is bit pricey, having raw food available is important, due to the role the enzyme plays in the human body.  Raw food will cure cancer and make all other degenerative diseases go away.  It is true.  Read about it.....\n\nSince Rawsome Cafe of Tempe, which used to be in the old Coop on University, just west of Mill, I have had to go to Pomegranite which is all the way in Ahwatukee.  \n\nThank you Blue Nile.  Your Ethiopian food is good too, but I'd love to see that raw food menu expand.....
Dining at Roaring Fork was enjoyable. The decor is warm and cozy, with an upscale vibe. Our large group was accommodated for on the patio, and since it was happy hour, we were quite a demanding bunch.  The service was a little slow, but all drinks and food came out perfectly. \n\nI had trouble deciding what to order because everything looked so good! I split the Big Ass Burger (a huge ground chuck patty with cheddar cheese, peppered bacon, thick-cut tomatoes, pickles, and onions) and a kettle of fries with a couple friends. I also had the mixed greens salad (field greens with candied walnuts and feta, with some sort of vinegarette). The ahi tuna looked really good, as did the fish tacos. I also heard raves about the green pork chili. \n\nSo many amazing options & a great atmosphere--I'll definitely be back soon!!
I've been coming to Fair Trade Cafe ever since my move back to Phoenix in 2010 when I was living on Portland.  I met a friend here for coffee, at his suggestion, and have been coming here ever since.\n\nFor awhile, I spent three nights a week here either meeting about my book or writing it.  It was such a relaxed atmosphere and the employees were the nicest coffee shop employees in town.  \n\nSince moving to Ahwatukee, I have not had much occasion to visit the cafe.  Recently, I have been downtown more frequently.  I've popped in three times in the last week just to read.  \n\nThey now have the rewards terminal for Belly next to their register, which I've seen popping up at small businesses in town.  They have bigger tables.  They have gotten rid of their retail offerings (apparently they were collecting too much dust).  Their pastry case has been removed.  \n\nBut other than those basic changes, Fair Trade Cafe is essentially the same.  It is a great local cafe where you can get basic eats (today I had an egg and cheese croissant) and good drinks at a fair price.  And you can feel good doing it, too.  They support fair trade practices.  \n\nI've tried a few other local coffee shops in town and they're just not for me.  The vibe here at Fair Trade is relaxed.  I feel comfortable sipping on my soy hot cocoa or Italian soda at my own pace as I read a book.  I don't feel rushed.  I feel only the utmost relaxation.  \n\nIf you're working on a project, having a quick meeting, writing a paper (or a book) or just want a place to pop in to get away from the hustle and bustle for awhile, Fair Trade Cafe should be your place.\n\nThis place reminds me so much of SF Bay Area cafes.  It's just like home!\n\nA side note: One of the owners, Stephanie, is one of the nicest people in Phoenix.  She is such a genuine person and I really wish her every success in growing her business.
I love this place.  I have visited it a couple of times and last time was for restaurant week.  Everything is great. I love the sauteed prawns with pineapple salsa and for the sides my favorites are the jalapeno creamed corn (can't get enough) and the cheddar mashed potatoes. On a previous visit I had the Pernil Asado, really awesome.  For dessert I like the Horchata bread pudding.  The place is very cozy, just a few tables inside.  I am so happy we have nice weather now, so we can sit in the patio.  Can't wait to go back.
STAY HERE! - Truly a hidden gem!\n\nIn an age where service is gone, personality has been lost, and most everything is either overpriced, disappointing, or corporate and cold, FIRESKY is unlike anyplace else. Is it absolutely perfect? No, but it is almost perfect. Do they strive for perfection in a very sincere and personal way?- yes!\n\nThis is truly one of the best stays you could imagine - in Scottsdale or otherwise. The staff is friendly, and anything that might go wrong is addressed immediately. The management is seriously killer. They are in it to win it, and clearly they are establishing a reputation as truly personal, service oriented, while creating an intangible positivity and sense of well-being having to do with the actual human interaction that radiates through the place. You won't want to leave. Can you actually be homesick for a hotel? Yep. \n\nSpecifics- the afternoon gratis wine is a nice touch, and encourages guests to convene late in the afternoon.. Met some nice folks while getting our glasses filled. The pool areas are fantastic.. The small sand 'beach' is addictive- it's like playing in a Zen rock garden in the water. We had some local friends stop by for cocktails in the lobby bar- they brought their kids so the Wii in the lobby was heaven sent. The loungers and cabanas are appointed very well, with fantastic pillows and such. I could go on and on. But you will love the people of Firesky as much as the place itself. If you are a stuffed shirt, who demands a cookie cutter, corporate polish, stay elsewhere. If you want to feel good, really good, stay here. Special thanks to Gail and Cheryl for their professionalism and warmth.
Ok, so first for the bad: \nSo the first time I went there was when some friends invited me.\nThey were already at the restaurant, I was still in bed at home in Avondale. I showered, dressed and drove over there...they were still waiting for a table. In fact once I got there we waited another 30 minutes for a table. that means my friends were waiting over an hour and a half for a table.\nMy other complaint is that my potatoes are always too burnt, even when I tell them not to burn them.\nThey are closed on Monday (you would have thought I would remember this the first two Monday;s I came to eat here)\nSo now for the good:\nEverything else! I love the food!\nThe Chop & Chick and griddle cakes are my fave for breakfast and for lunch I love...well just about everything!\nCan't wait till I move back so I can go again!!
I have been a fan of Joes BBQ for a long time now.. so when I heard about this place my expectations and excitement was huge!'\n\nSure enough the drive over from north west mesa was worth it. Everything from the parking on the unique looking pavers from the tall trees said this place was special!\n\nThe friendly young lady at the counter tossed out a suggestion for the Buffalo chicken sandwich and I went for it. Now here is the kicker.. I firmly dislike anything that has to do with blue cheese.. So when i received my amazing looking platter and inside the burger there it was I almost took it back.\n\nI tried it anyways rather than order something else or scrape it off.. and WOW. My taste buds loved it! My girlfriend knows I talk a lot.. well I was all but quiet for once as I finished every bite lol\n\n\nWhile out side the place has a very warm, back home, family feeling, just a very positive experience! I was told this place was amazing, looks like Ill be saying the same thing to others!\n\nOne thing I was hoping for on the wonderful drink station was the red cream soda you have at the BBQ rest.. but the tea was well enough to put away my dismay.\n\nHome run for the joe's crew, this place brings it all together :)
Sat at the bar and had absolutely wonderful service. Boy does that make such a difference. Friendly and knowledgable without being intrusive. \n\n We did happy hour. I had a flight of their house beers. Really liked their Hefeweizen; crisp and tasty. \n\nWe had the wings buffalo style M with blue cheese sub for ranch. My wife didn't like them saying they were soggy. I thought they were ok but rather scrawny. They need larger ramekins to dip in too. \n\nI had the 5 meat deep dish and I was astonished how good it was. Really thick with the meat. \n\nAgain bartenders Edith and Corey were outstanding. If we lived near by I would come back just for their service.
"""I recently moved to a couple blocks away from the Cherryblossom Noodle Cafe, and naturally wanted to check them out for carry out.\n\nIn the two short months I've lived near them, I've dined in once but have gotten no less than 20 carry out meals -- they're THAT GREAT (IMHO)!  I've always loved steamed and lightly grilled dumplings, yet 99% of the time restaurants use super thick, gummy wrappings and also charge $7-8 bucks -- Cherryblossom uses the thinnest wrappers I've ever seen, and charge about half the going rate; they're absolutely first class, like everything they serve.\n\nOne may think it's kinda odd for what appears to be an Asian cafe serving Thai as well as sushi, as well as ITALIAN dishes too -- I sure scratched my head on that one!  BUT, it's like the staff says: \we serve these different dishes with our own Japanese flair\"""".  How true.  I love Pad Thai, yet their way of making it is no different than how many households make their own versions of things like meatloaf... There's always an abundance of meat, tofu (that's fried prior to tossing it in) and things like snap peas, yielding one of the best \""""non Thai\"""" versions I've ever had.  I've tried over a dozen of their dishes, and all I can say is I've never not enjoyed anything they've made for me to date.  I've yet to cross the proverbial line and order an Italian noodle/pasta dish, but that's only because in my being of Scicillian decent, I NEVER go out for Italian, simply because there's few that will ever compare to what my family made for us.\n\nAnd, the entire staff is as great as the food they serve, and the whole place speaks to quality, from cleanliness to the ambiance.  I truly believe that if you don't like the CherryBlossom, you're probably the type of person who can find fault with just about any restaurant.\n\nThey also always have loaves of blueberry banana bread for sale in the waiting area, and almost always they're still warm from the oven. I bought one to bring to a friend's house who made dinner, and it was almost as good as what my Mom would make -- and that women knew how to cook!\n\nFive stars is my rating, and I don't toss out stars like that often."""""""
Dr. Wood is an amazing dentist. He is friendly, knowledgeable and cares about his patients. He never makes me feel rushed when I am asking questions and he makes me feel at ease in the chair. I have never felt pushed into making any hasty decisions on major dental work. \n\nHis staff is just amazing as well. Everyone is friendly and they greet you by name. When they gave me a referral for an orthodontist, they provided me with all information that I needed and also offered to send any information over to save me time. Liz, the dental hygienist, has always done my cleanings and she is such a genuinely sweet person. She always takes her time and I feel great when she has completed the cleaning. \n\nThe exam rooms and front office are clean and modern. I feel very relaxed when I am in the office, either waiting or sitting in the chair. All machinery is never outdated or worn. I tell everyone how great Dr. Wood and his staff are all the time!
We visited just to see the Chihuly exhibit.  The traveling display had been to Phipps Conservatory in Pittsburgh and I thought was would be great to see it in the desert.  It was more amazing than I could have imagined.\n\nFirst off, I did not realize that there were so many different types and species of cactus.  I wish I was a local, because I would love to be able to sign up for their Desert Landscaper School.  That would be amazing!!  The lay out and the trails are very nice.  And I can't believe that I am typing this, but the different types of cactus are so beautiful!!  I must have taken a gajillion photos!  Also, we happened to go just before sunset, so it was very nice to wander around the gardens after dark.  Plus, the Chilly glass looks amazing all lit up.  A must see in Phoenix!
I needed my clutch replaced and called everyone from the dealership to chain repair shops and speciality shops. I saw Mr Mechanic and decided to call and see if he could quote me a price. I spoke to Tim who was very nice and had no problem speaking to me over the phone answering every question I had. Not only did he quote me a price over the phone (which most of the places I called refused to do), he was also by far the most reasonably priced. Tim also scheduled a Saturday appointment to work around my schedule. Once I dropped off my car I also explained that my daughter had dropped coins in my cd player and my radio and door locks no longer worked. He mentioned that he'd take a look while he was working on it. \nNot only did he replace the clutch, he also repaired the short in my electrical and removed the coins from the cd player. When I picked up my car EVERYTHING had been fixed and my oil and air filter had be changed and all for less than most of the quotes I had received to just replace my clutch. Tim really takes the time to explain everything in language you understand and is quick to do what he can to accomidate you. I was also impressed with not only the one year warranty on my new clutch, but also the 6 month warranty on his labor. Just give him a call and have a chat with him about your car. Im sure you'll feel the same way I did when I decided to use him. No more chain shops or dealerships for me, I've finally found an affordable mechanic that I can, dare I say it, TRUST! Thank you Tim, I will be back again and again! I also took 5 of his business cards to refer my friends.
So I guess I have nothing to compare my experience to, but thanks to a Groupon I got to take a peek at Circle 6 Studios for an introduction to glass blowing workshop. What a cool, random, spontaneous thing to learn! I would recommend this experience to anyone! \n\nIt is a little scary to be near a ball of melted glass that is burning hot! But the instructors are very nice and thorough in their explanations, so you will know what to do. They also keep a close watch over everyone to avoid accidents. My intro class made a glass flower. The whole process of making the flower probably took under 2 minutes, but learning the techniques and getting everyone in the class to do it took about 2 hours. Classes are usually $50 but $25 on Groupon and Living Social right now. \n\nI would recommend closed toed shoes. The studio is hot from all the glass heating so no need for a jacket! The studio is behind a house, there is a sign on the side of the road. Pull into the driveway and park in the back, you'll see it! \n\nThis was a cool thing to learn how to do!
"""Misty S, Amanda B, her friend Renee and I went here for our own little \after party\"""" after the Elite event at Sol Y Sombra. We thought the shady rockabilly dive vibe would be the perfect compliment to the sangria and tapas we enjoyed earlier. Like chasing Duck L'Orange with a jack in the box milkshake.\n\nRogue West is what happens when a Stray Cat music video pleasures itself into a petri dish. It has the checkered floor, the loud and extensive jukebox (Madonna and Nekromantix, within a span of an hour), and the pool tables (with red, uh, carpeting, very fashionable) of a rockabilly club, and all the dimly-lit shadiness and \""""I'm so bored please order something I'm not familiar with so we have a reason to talk\"""" bar staff that you would expect in a bar that grew up with a single parent. \n\nWait, what?\n\nNormally I'm hesitant to drink at bars. It's not the booze that concerns me, or even the price of the booze, it's that whole \""""yeah, I know that the gender on my ID doesn't match the gender I present but that's totally me in that picture\"""" thing that throws me. When Ruben (that's what his shirt said anyway) took my ID to swipe it, I felt a little anxious. It was a Wednesday night, after all, and the only other people at the bar other than us were the regulars. You know, the \""""I come here to get away from my nagging wife and a job that sucks my soul\"""" crowd. Those tend to be the people that give me the most static.\n\nBut Ruben was way cool about it. It took him a second to put two and two together, but once he hid he didn't make a peep. In fact, Misty claims that for the rest of the night he seemed to be in \""""tranny awe\"""". He kept coming to our table and asking if \""""us ladies\"""" needed anything.\n\nI'm going to be up and front right now about this. Any place that addresses me as \""""lady\"""" or \""""ma'am\"""" immediately gets two bonus stars. It's unfair and its biased and I'm a rotten bitch for it, but I can't help it. Nothing brightens my day like being addressed to like a proper woman.\n\nI mean, when it comes to dive bars, service is the only reasonable criterion. You can't judge their beer and liquor because they don't make it, and if the jukebox is too loud than that's probably someone else's subtle way of telling you to shut the hell up. \n\nRuben made stiff but flavorful cocktails and kept coming to our table and refilling our drink orders.\n\nWe were so impressed that Misty S left him a \""""California Tip\"""", which is what I say whenever I want to both praise her for her generosity and tease her for holding the West Side to Bay standards. \n\nI am a cruel mistress."""""""
Any of you who read this who have ever been in love will be able to relate:\n\nThere's a first pang of distress, when the knife blade pierces the skin, when you know you are in for some pain.  But the endorphins kick in and you realize that you are in for more than you ever bargained for...\n\nAt los betos, after a few (5, 10, 20?) drinks, I had the sad misfortune of ordering a carnitas burrito at 220 in the am.  And what did I receive, but the most delectable delight ever served in the pinche madrugada ( rejoice, all my spanish speaking compa\u00f1eros, a cuss word or two to titillate you).  The carnitas were cooked to a perfect crispy exterior, while the innards burst forth with a cornucopia of spices and flavors that made my very synapses fire indiscriminately with glee.\n\nBut, not to be outdone, heartburn would make its own dastardly play for my overwhelmed nerve endings, tearing me from neck to knave with pain.  Did I stop, even for one excruciating second?  Yes, but only long enough to pour on more green sauce, villainously spicy in a way that no beto, be it fili, rol, or eri, has ever been.  Nay, I succumbed to the sweet agony of picante and used that to goad me forth into the foxhole against the onslaught of acid reflux.\n\nEach bite brought both more pain, acute, dire, and relentless, but also a sweet symphony of flavors that can only mean guacamole and green sauce replete with all the accoutrements.  I fought, and fought back hard, and what I can tell you is this:\n\nNo burrito has ever caused me such pain and yet no burrito has ever granted me such pleasure.  Like a sine curve, plunging predictably from zenith to nadir and back again, los betos has given me the pleasure--nay, the honor, of feeling every physical sensation known to sentient vertebrates.\n\nFive glorious, painful, resonating stars.  Five harrowing yet riveting stars.  Five supernovas, five black holes, five big bangs of taste.  The world has never known anything like what I have just experienced.  You too can have what I had... all it takes is intestinal fortitude enough to jump in the car with a beer bong and head straight to thomas and hayden.  Oh, and leave the zantac at home, puss.
I love TJs!  They have so many great products at fair prices (not Wal-Mart cheap, but fair and much better quality foods).  Nearly everything in the store is organic or, at least, a better choice than the usual junk you find at Safeway or Fry's.  Although I suppose it's possible, you'd have to look long and hard to find high fructose corn syrup or transfats here.  What you will find is a ton of great dry goods (TJs is my trail-mix supplier), a reliable house brand, a limited variety of affordable organic produce, great frozen goods with real ingredients rather than chemicals, tons of great snacks, protein powder, vitamins and supplements, great teas (I love their Earl Grey!), and their famous affordable wines.  \n\nYou'll spend more here than you would at Wal-Mart but way less than you would at Whole Foods and you'll feel a lot better.
Nobuo combines unique, delectable dishes with an intimate, historic atmosphere. The setting is an old turn-of-the-century wooden house called the Teeter House. It's small, but there's darkness and mystery added to the atmosphere. The izakaya style of dining means that the dishes are tapas and are meant to be shared between those in your dining party. The experience at Nobuo is unlike any other dining experience I've ever had. The fact that it was a flawless experience with an atypical meal in an atypical setting makes me happy to award Nobuo with 5 stars.\n\nI had late reservations at 9PM and wandered through Heritage Square to get to the Teeter House. I love the fact that the area is surrounded by historic houses built over a century ago. I love going to places with history, which is probably why I love New York and Boston so much. Heritage Square in Downtown Phoenix has converted historic houses into popular eateries. Our table wasn't quite ready when we arrived so we waited outside on some comfy seats on the porch. To be honest, I wouldn't have minded eating our dinner out on the porch looking out into the square, but the tables and rooms inside enhance your experience here at Nobuo. When our table was ready, they came out to get us and they sat us inside right next to the front door with a window to the porch where we were just sitting. Since the restaurant is in a house, there were different rooms that diners could be seated in. The house had the one original restroom, which had a large sink and a new toilet that I'm sure isn't from the 1800's. \n\nOur server was friendly and explained to us about the style of dining, izakaya, and that two people typically order 6 dishes. When we finally decided on what we wanted to order, we went with the following dishes:\n\n-Kimchi ($6) - By no means was this traditional kimchi... it was even better! More like a salad than anything, but the taste was similar to kimchi. I think the sesame oil made the taste of traditional kimchi less intense, but at the same time even more delicious.\n\n-Grapefruit & Hamachi ($14) - An interesting combination of sashimi, grapefruit, and avocado on four separate spoons. The white truffle ponzu oil and grapefruit gave this tasty treat its' bite. Our server told us that the dish was meant to eaten by the spoonful, as in, taken in one bite. The combination was so delicious that I wish they gave us more than four spoons.\n\n-Yellowtail Ceviche ($14) - Boy, I feel dumb actually thinking that they would give us traditional ceviche. This dish was much like the Grapefruit & Hamachi in the way they were meant to be eaten. Four separate spoons with yellowtail, myouga, sesame seed, with shredded taro on top. It was amazingly exquisite and I can't even tell you whether the yellowtail ceviche or grapefruit & hamachi was better. They were both put together so well, each of them had their own creative and unique taste.\n\n-Seabass & Mushroom ($14) - It came steamed in a neat little paper boat. The seabass was steamed to perfection and was surrounded by enoki mushrooms (I think) in a sake soy sauce. The seabass was good, but the mushrooms in the sake soy sauce made the dish even better.\n\n-Pork Belly Wrapped in Banana Leaf ($14) - The Pork Belly and Rice came out baked inside the banana leaf. The rice was sticky and had a great flavor to it. It was the typical white rice and the pork belly wasn't typical either. It was good, but this wasn't my favorite dish of the night.\n\nI must say that Nobuo is an experience I'll remember for a long time. I can't even remember that last time I was completely blown away by cuisine and atmosphere. The dishes are pricey, but expect to get a wonderful experience of divine cuisine with an unbeatable ambiance. If you're ever in Phoenix, you must try Nobuo at Teeter House.
"""This was one delicious and festive event!  I don't know if I could pick the \highlight\"""" of the evening, because the entire thing was amazing.  We were served so much food we were fighting off a food coma by the end of the night.  Every bit was delicious... the house made mozzarella, short rib, calamari, Brussels sprouts, beef carpaccio, filet mignon, red velvet bread pudding, champagne, a selection of wines... I could go on.  We sat across from Jessica, the sales manager of Tanzy, and she was a wealth of information about the foods we were tasting.  We failed to heed her warning to pace ourselves, but I regret nothing.  \n\nIt was a lot of fun to see everybody enjoying themselves wearing Christmassy hats, and later we had a good time with the White Elephant gift exchange.  All-in-all, it was a wonderful Christmas party.\n\nI can't wait to go back and see a movie at iPic!  We took a quick tour of the theater, and I promise you, there will be a review about the experience to come.\n\nThank you Lindsey, Tanzy and iPic for the top-notch night!"""""""
while in AZ visiting friends i was introduced to the yard house. wow! i wish there was one in michigan. this place was amazing. i couldn't stop staring at the bar. i wanted to try them all!\n\nthe beer menu is slightly overwhelming however i managed. i chose a flight to start out and because i have never 'tasted' beer before. it was quite fun and there were some interesting brews. i was not a fan of the apricot beer and the apple cider was ok at first but then got to be too much. \n\nthe one beer i did enjoy was the breckenridge agave wheat (i'm pretty sure that's what it was called i had to google it). it was excellent. \n\ni ordered the avocado swiss burger which was amazing and the fries were killer. i tasted some sweet potato fries which really really good, i will have to order my own next time!
My wife and I live in Prescott and were down for the weekend. We decided to go to the Chandler Mall and found this great frozen yogurt place right there in the mall. \nIt is really good stuff. If you are in for a great treat that is healthy and refreshing, you will want to hit this place. It is located near the food court as you are walking into the mall. You can't miss it. \nThe flavors are awesome and lots of variety to choose from and toppings galore!\nOcean Blue is smooth and creamy and I love the self serve design.\nThe staff there are friendly and helpful too! You will love it if you are looking for the healthy alternative for a ice cream styled treat!!
OM Heavenly G!!!  Who knew fried chicken and waffles went so well together!!!  My daughter was in heaven!!  She loved her chicken and she doesn't eat much meat at all but the crispy fried chicken had her knawing on the bone.  I ate my entire plate and so did my daughter.  And she has been asking to go back ever since.  And the sweet tea....YUM!!  It was just right, not overly sweet.  I don't know that a place like this exists anywhere in the Northern CA/Bay Area but someone should open one!  For now this is one reason I'm glad I live in Phoenix.....I will be a frequent customer.  \n\nThe inside feels like you walked into someone's house and I never would have known it was there since it's in a non descript part of town...kind of industrial.  We got there pretty early and by the time we left, the place was packed!  \n\nI have been craving this chicken since we went there...I know we will be back!!!  And often!
I used these guys to put in some French doors to replace some aging sliding-glass doors at our home.  They did a great job, and you can tell the doors are of good quality material.\n\n-- Updated: They were really cool about coming back out to help with a crazy scorpion problem we were having.  They helped seal the doors extra-tight, which is great.  At least I know the little beasts won't be getting in through the new doors.  GREAT service after the sale.
Good food at good prices. This place has been our favorite local Greek food restaurant for a few years now. It has recently changed management. I've been here twice since the change and the chicken pita seems about the same. The previous management was good, but it appears to still be family-run and the service is still great. I wouldn't be surprised to find out the new owners were previous customers that liked it the way it was. They have only made a few minor changes here and I think they are improvements (i.e., real plates and silverware). Give them a try. We want to keep them in business!
"""I was down in Arizona for a dental seminar. After a long day,, My friends and I decided to hit the mall(Mekong Plaza), Luckily, We ran into a newly opened Filipino/Hawaiian Resto. This place is a \MUST\"""" try.  The food was EXCELLENT, YUMMY and the servings were HUGE!!!!  But most of all \""""GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE\""""  I can only wish we have something like this kind of \""""Mom and Pop\"""" resto in northern cali.  We had a great experience and I \""""HIGHLY\"""" recommend it.  I promise you will keep coming back for more.  :-)"""""""
"""What's not to love about Chick-Fil-A? The original chicken sandwich and waffle fries is the best combo and compared to other fast food options, its not terribly horrible for you.  But,if you are really trying to be good, the grilled chicken sandwich is good.  You can ask for no butter on the bun and order a side salad. If you really want to be bad, they have yummy brownies and ice cream.  \n\nAlso, the people who work at Chick Fil A are so nice and friendly!  They always say, \my pleasure\"""" instead of \""""your welcome.\"""" See for yourself!  They will refill your drink and clear your table and ask you you're doing.  Its like fast food with sit down style courtesy.\n\nWe all complain that Chick Fil A is closed on Sundays, but I like it because it makes the other 6 days  that you can go to Chick Fil A even more special!  Haha!"""""""
"""Nooooca... na na na na Nooooca. The Kinks... that's what I was going for. It was was the song I was singing in my head when Cookie and I stopped in the other night for a first time in a long time. It was so frickin good. I told Cookie that I felt like a Noca virgin again. Eliot contributed to that sentimental feeling by forgetting our names (that look of \I know I should know your names\"""" was priceless), but we can forgive him even if we did bring him chocolate and macaroons from Pierre Herme in Paris. Did you detect the sarcasm? Anyway, I kid. The dinner was fabulous and is one of the few restaurants (maybe 3 in Phoenix) where I don't ever think \""""I can make this at home\"""". Not that I am a chef either. I'm just an arrogant jerkface sometimes.\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca.\n\nImpeccable ingredients, complexity of dishes and unique flavor matches make creations that are really unmatched. As the French might say, \""""Muchas gracias!\""""\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca.\n\nLike some reviews say, the adult beverages are not cheap. The lists lean towards the high-end, but this is a high-end restaurant. I never mind the food prices and accept that wine is pricy, but like any other restaurant, the prices creep closer to retail as you go up in quality and price. Yes, I know that high price does not mean better quality.\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca.\n\np.s. The website still needs help... My computer, phone and I hate PDFs.\nNooooca... na na na na Nooooca."""""""
I have been waiting for this place to open. The decor is really nice comparing to those Vietnamese restaurants in Phoenix. Finally good service at a Vietnamese restaurant also. The food is great. I had the shrimp and pork springrolls. The dipping sauce was perfect with it. My hubby had the eggrolls.He enjoyed it as well. Happy hour was great. I had the bbq pork vermicelli and my hubby had the Pho. We both enjoyed our dinner. We definitely will return back.
"""Since the early days of TCBY to today's self serve shops, I am a huge frozen yogurt fan.  I'll be honest, the yogurt itself doesn't stand out at any particular yogurt place, but there are a few differences that I think make Yogurt Builderz my top choice. \n\n1. Flavor Availability - YB offers 10 flavors at all times and typically keeps all the really popular ones (Oreo & Oatmeal Cookie) in the rotation consistently.  \n\n2. Freeze factor - yes, I said it.  At some shops, the yogurt is too melted, others it's too frozen.  YB's consistency is usually great!\n\n3. Neighborhood hangout - YB has created more than a yogurt shop,  people want to be there to hang out with their family and friends.  I think that's because the owners treat people like they  want to be treated.  Free Wi-fi and ample seating are great perks too!\n\n4. Giving back  - YB does community nights to support locals schools and organizations.  \n\n5. The crew - Many are students who are friendly, polite and regularly talk to customers.  They keep the store nice and clean and have speedy, helpful service.  \n\nI love Yogurt Builderz so much I go there up to 4 times a week.  I think it's a great store and I wish it much success.  If I was signing their yearbook I'd write \Don't ever change\""""!"""""""
Such a beautiful venue. Since October 2012, I have been 3 times: once for the Day of the Day performance and twice for the Nutcracker. Every time, I am wowed by this place. The performances are beautiful, engaging and well done, employees are friendly, and I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. \n\nThere is a gift shop, couple of bars, and bakery that serves coffee, as well. I also like that there is a desk where you can check out a booster seat for small children. Very helpful.
"""Went here with a group of five.  We called ahead to reserve a table outside just because the weather was so nice, I assumed it would be packed.  It was packed, but our table was waiting.  We had beer, wine, bruschetta, and a few paninis to split.  The food was great, but the ambiance is really what this place is all about.  There were adults, children (but no screaming), dogs, and just happy people involved in their own conversations.  The setup of the place is great, from the lighting, to the layout of the tables, to the friendly service.  I can see that this will quickly become my new \hangout\""""."""""""
My favorite breakfast spot, by far! You can't go wrong with anything you order, but my favorites are their eggs benedict, their english harvest omelet and their breakfast salad. It's a good family restaurant, but if you are bringing a group on a weekend morning, call ahead so you don't have a long wait! The staff is always great, and usually the owner is there, seating guests himself! \n\nTip: You can order reduced portions of their omelets and a half order of the breakfast salad!
Lombardo's Gelato is no longer in the Fiesta Mall.  They are in Arizona Mills Mall and Metro Center Mall.  Their gelato is absolutely amazing.  When they say that it is a certain flavor, you can guarantee that it will be that flavor.  It is all natural, no preservatives.  If you have an opportunity to be where they have a location, I highly recommend you trying a sample.  Try as many as you like, you will not be disappointed.  My favorite is the pink grapefruit, but coconut and pineapple are wonderful as well.
Five stars for a fast food place? Hell yea. This is pretty much the only fast food place (other than In-N-Out) that people actually like instead of eating at strictly for convenience. (That said, it's still fast food.)\nYou can either drive thru, order in your car, or eat outside on picnic style tables. The kids meals make for a great snack (who doesn't like a free toy?) and the coneys are ahead of their time as far as AZ is concerned.\nThe real killer, of course, is the huge variety of drinks, slushies, etc. If you go during happy hour you can get a whole crowd of people large drinks for just a couple of bucks.\nDon't go expecting fantastic food, but do go in lieu of just about any other fast food place.
I LOVE Kincaids! Especially with the updated decor and menu, you just can't go wrong. Not to mention they have an incredible happy hour. Half off all appetizers, $4 drafts (including Guinness, WHAT?!) $4 glasses of wine and select specialty drinks. This is a great place to go if you're looking for a different spot before a game or concert, even just a night out Downtown. The regular dining menu definitely doesn't dissapoint either - some of the freshest seafood and perfectly seared steaks! Clam chowder, French Onion Soup, even the salads. This place just knows how to do it. Can't wait to head back for happy hour soon. :)
Get your passport, we're going to Mexico.\n\nCan't find your passport?  Still waiting for it from the State Department?  No worries, pack your bag and head to the Ranch Market!\n\nThis place is the best!  The food court is wonderful with so many tasty dishes.  And the produce department is crazy!  2 lbs of grapes for 99 cents, 8 cucumbers for a dollar, 17 cents for a bunch of cilantro, 7 -- YES, SEVEN pounds of watermelon for 99 cents.  You can go crazy with produce and not break the bank.  \n\nThe tamales are huge and the tortillas, oh the tortillas. \n\nDon't be frightened, don't get intimidated, it's just a grocery store people!
Went to Cafe Bink for lunch on Saturday, and it was one of the best lunches I have had in a long time!  We had a bottle of chanpagne and a sandwich each.  My friend had the White cheddar grilled cheese and I had the Corned Beef sandwich.  His grilled cheese was full of flavor and I cannot tell you how great my corned beef was....We also had the french fries which have to be the best french fries I have ever had!  They are cooked 3 times before arriving at your table and served with three dipping sauces.  With our lunch we split a bottle of Baumard which was perfect with both sandwiches.  Also, the service was great.  Highly recommend Cafe Bink!
My son bought a remote control car online and immediately broke it. Since it was under warranty, we sent it to the manufacturer for repair. They fixed it, but it took MONTHS. He got it back and immediately broke it again. We sent it back to the manufacturer, and they sat on it for MONTHS. When they did send it back, it was out of warranty. He immediately broke it yet AGAIN. We couldn't send it back to the manufacturer so it sat in his closet for over a year, a sad testament against the 'unbreakable' and 'manufacturer's warranty' claimed when we bought his RC car. \n\nRecently, my wife took my son and the broken car down to Hobby Bench. She did have the owner's manual, which made things easier. The guy in the back diagnosed the issue right away. He told my wife which part to purchase. After purchase, the part was installed right on the spot. As in IMMEDIATELY!\n\nIt's been a week or two since then. My son has been having a real blast with his RC car. I know it's just a matter of time before he breaks it again. But I know that when that happens, we can take it down to Hobby Bench to fix it. No expensive shipping. No waiting MONTHS for the car to ship there and back. \n\nMy hats off to Hobby Bench for taking care of my wife and son, and fixing the issue so quickly!
"""We used to shop at the other big baby store, but we had so many bad experiences that we decided to drive the extra distance and try out \buybuy Baby.\"""" Since that time we have been lured back into the other store by gift cards and great coupons, but found that even with those attractive offers we still regretted going back.\n\n\""""buybuy Baby's\"""" service is top notch. Their staff are very knowledgeable about the safety products. Everyone is over the top helpful and nice.  We have also found that we like the products at \""""buybuy Baby\"""" better."""""""
An amazing section of light bulbs for just about anything you need. Most are in stock, reasonably priced and ready to take home. I have brought in several odd bulbs that I needed to have replaced with no markings on them - They always come through like champs. \n\nTake my advice and covert your old bulbs to LED - Well worth the cost for me just to not have to replace burnt out bulbs all the time - some of my lighting is very hard to get to and Halogens are so damn hot!
I lived in the Phoenix area for two and a half years and any time I go back, I always demand to go to Pita Jungle. Saying demand sounds like a bad thing but I don't joke around when it comes to the Pita Jungle.\n\nIt's a funky, artsy place with healthy food that tastes good and a huge selection of food and drink. Most of the time I take service into thought when rating a  place and while the service could be better, I still give this place 5 stars b/c I've never had a bad meal there. From their black bean burgers to their amazing hummus, they got it all!
"""This dinner was in everyday one of the best I've had at any restaurant.  The service is exceptionally attentive and prompt. Also they do a great job at anticipating what your needs are and meeting them before you have to ask.  I don't want to give to many details because it'll be even more special when you aren't expecting it.\nThe theme of the restaurant is very fitting for the locale. They combine ingredients and artistic expressions from the Pima and Maricopa Native American tribes, so being from they east coast this was a new experience for me but very enjoyable.   The meal started out with a creamy soup for our amuse bouche, and then I had the duo duck appetizer (they call it \the birth\""""), which included duck confit and duck foie gras. First impressions are definitely lasting because after those dishes I was very impressed and eagerly anticipating the next course, \""""the beginning\"""".  I had the suckling pig, which didn't disappoint. It was amazingly savory and tender, and it was well complimented with a fig/date side. For \""""the journey\"""" I had the pecan encrusted lamb, and for dessert the chocolate souffl\u00e9. Both I highly recommend."""""""
Let me start by saying that this is a 5 STAR REVIEW for a Sports Bar, not to be confused for a 5 star review for Ruth's Chris, or the like.\n\nAs far as sport's bars go, this is one I'm happy to go to to.  It's really big, with a room filled with pool tables, 4-6top tables where you can sit, eat, visit, and watch some games, and seats around the bar, where you can sit and watch games.\n\nAll the food is consistently satisfying. The environment is friendly and many of the folks are regulars, who have been seeing each other for years.  Great burgers and steak fries.
Wow ...have been hesitant to come back since under new management. (I new old owner, Anthony,  from high school and live sooooo close) But stopped n real fast for my green T fix, since I didn't have time to drive to my fav..xtreme bean. New owner is so nice,he took time and told me all about new menu and different.L Evening events they have started like BYOB and open mic. also live music some weekends....I will b back with my Hubbie to check out new grub offerings soon
NOT CLOSED THANK GOODNESS THAT IS A YELP ERROR! Still in biz at a faaabulous new location bigger and better than before - still the BEST Zumba classes in town - if you haven't had a Zumba class from Serina or Ryan, you haven;t had a Zumba class! And check out the Real Ryder classes if you like to spin - a whole new slant (pun intended - the bikes actually move from side to side giving you a whole body and core workout all at once.) And now they have room for retail so you can get your wardrobe workout in too! Love this place and cannot say enough great things about it!
"""No, but seriously, I love this place. I would eat here everyday if I could. \n\nEither eating in, or taking it to go, the food and service is stellar. I've had a couple different appetizers and entrees and I've narrowed it down to two favorites. The Siamese Kisses app is fricken delicious and the Pad Thai is :drool: amazing. \n\nThey do their spice level from 1 to 5. 1 being no spice at all and 5 being Thai hot. Ive ordered the Pad Thai at a 3 and a 4 and I think I prefer the 3. Level 4 is definitely manageable but it kind of burns the tummy afterward.. Which is just slightly unpleasant. \n\nI absolutely love eating here and consider them my \go to\"""" for dining out. They also have a rewards card, which for every 200 points, you get a gift card. They also send you stuff for your birthday and anniversary. \n\nYummmmmmm!"""""""
I love this place, when I visit Az I visit a lot of thrift shops on the same block but this is my fave stop. LOTS to look at! And there is something for everyone. JEWELRY GALORE, Glass, furniture, toys, clothing, sports, epherma, military, you name it, they probably have it. I was on a hunt for vintage clothing and was happy to see a few booths even though I couldnt find anything my size it was fun to look. Their postcards, stamps, paper, old photo section is very organized with chairs to sit down in to browse as long as you need. The staff is great there, its very secure and watched also so a good place to sell your items with good security. And not too mention there is another huge antique mall next door. This is a fun place to spend on a hot day.
Casey's is always one of our stops when out drinking on Mill. Love the bar staff, most of them have been there for years.\n\nA great place to day drink (when the weathers nice of course).\n\nIf youve only ever drank at Casey's, you NEED to come back for lunch/dinner one day. Their food is stellar. \n\nFaves include: Hippie sandwich (I love that they use pesto as mayo), Potato salad, Fried Zucchini, Chipotle hummus, Reuben, Classic club, Croissant sandwich, and finally their New England clam chowder.
MOJO sets itself apart from other yogurt places in a major way.\n\nthe space- it is so pretty! i love it in there. \nthe hands-free sanitizer- thank you\nthe EASE of getting a sample- amen \nmaking your dream smoothie- what a genius concept. haven't done it yet but today is tuesday. \nTwitter Tuesdays- that's whats up. \nThe ingredients are so fresh- in fact the last time I was there I saw them slicing fruit. \nand most importantly, the employees. SERIOUSLY! how in the world did you find such awesome people?!?! other yogurt shops need a lesson from yall.\n\n$.42 an oz is a bit higher than other stops but i never feel ripped off. in fact, i am now questioning how legit the other shops scales are. either way, if you go on Tuesday there is no way you will find a better deal. \n\nI always leave happy and you will too.
I've been using this branch of Molly Made for around 3 years. They are very polite, show up on time, and do a great job. I have tried two other services (as I have never had a cleaning service before, I wanted something to compare to) and they didn't do anywhere near as thorough of a job as Molly Maid.\n\nBeing a 30 year old bachelor, I only use the service when absolutely necessary to do those cleaning jobs I don't feel equipped to handle. You know, like, everything and anything involving cleaning.\n\nEven if you only use them twice a year for a little bit of an extra thorough cleaning to go along with your normal routine, I highly recommend using Molly Maid.\n\nps. All of the ladies have been very friendly and always seem to be in great moods. Unfortunately, they are usually quite a bit older than me. I keep hoping that a trio of girls my age will show up! I guess that only happens in the movies and in imaginations.
"""Don't be fooled into thinking the Arizona Science Center is just for kids. I've been both with my nephew and with fellow \big kids\"""" aka adults. Every time I go, I have a blast and it's not necessary to borrow your friend's child in order to find an excuse to go. The Science Center is equivalent to some of finest science centers across the nation with their state of the art technology, interactive exhibits and activities for all ages. \n\nDuring past visits, I've enjoyed traveling exhibits like the Titanic exhibit years ago. As you entered, they gave you a piece of paper with a name on it. As you walked through the exhibit you looked for the name and learned about who the person was. Then at the very end, there was a wall full of names and you got to see if the name they gave you survived or not. Even though I was a history major in college, I learned several new facts in this exhibit and it was extremely interactive and educational with fun mixed in! \n\nCurrently, they have an exhibit called \""""Forces of Nature\"""" where you can learn about different weather patterns, climates and how weather happens. In the middle of the exhibit you can walk up onto a stage-like area where you experience different weather patterns interactively. I won't give it away, but you could get stuck in some rainy weather! \n\nJust recently, I was giving a super secret sneak peak into the brand new exhibit launching on 9/27 called \""""All About Me.\"""" They've been working on this exhibit for at least a year if not longer and it certainly shows! The amount of thought and energy they put into each exhibit is incredible and it's an extremely dynamic experience. Throughout the exhibit, I \""""x-rayed\"""" a body and learned about different body parts, I entered a stomach and discovered the ins and outs of the digestive system (no pun intended) and there was even an intestine slide to take a ride down. I placed my hands hands on a censored area and a drum beat to the rate of my heart! Needless to say, the exhibit excited me and while I definitely am still a kid at heart, it was the adult in me who couldn't wait to come back and explore some more. \n\nBefore I go, I want to share some other favorites that the Science Center offers...the Imax and Adults Night Out! They have a state of the art, full size Imax theater on site and they show movies like Under the Sea. I am a big fan of the Imax and have been swept away into different worlds many times here. Adults Night Out is just that, where you can explore the exhibits, attend an Imax show and have a fun night out sans any children! I also heard a rumor that they might be bringing alcohol back during these nights! Let's wait and see. :)"""""""
The series of 1 star reviews below is unfair, they place only has like 30 chairs in it total, in order to serve 30 people at one sitting, they would have to close the restaurant down.  I wish there was a civil service requirement where everyone would have to work in a restaurant.  The fact that these people assume they are the judges of east valley taste is ridiculous, I would hate to be around a table of 30 people all scheming to write bad reviews of the place their still in...\n\nEnough ranting.  The service here is very nice, the staff knows the place backwards and forwards and the decor is well kept and very Northern New Mexican.  It's a little disconcerting from the outside, par for many great places in Mesa.\n\nThe food is spectacular.  This is food that it takes time to make.  Pecan wood smoked shrimp, pork abodova all take time and good ingredients to get right.\n\nWe did it right here.  Had the New Mexican Corn Chowder to start, creamy and delicious.  Margaritas are huge and very good.\n\nFor dinner I had the Taos platter, Tenderloin Rejeno, Shrimp Enchilada and smoked pork tamale.  All of which were great.  I am a huge eater and could not finish my plate.\n\nWe did have room for a glass of port, nice liquor selection btw and an order of their banana creme brule which was a nice end to a nice meal.\n\nGreat place, great way to ditch the sonoran mexican food blues.  Unless you like Sonoran cheese and grease on a plate.  These chips and salsa were great, verde salsa and multicolored corn chips.  Yes!\n\nOh yeah, also very affordable, no dish is over $20, including the great steak my gf had.
"""LOVE Trader Joe's...any of them! This one is pretty off the beaten path of \Surprise\"""" AZ, but well worth the trek as its not that busy and the customer service is personal. \n\nThe manager stopped and talked to us for a while as he noticed the HPU (Hawaii Pacific University) shirt my hubby was wearing and come to find out we had some states in common. Super nice guy.\n\nBut yeah, the products are great, cheap and as everyone knows the best thing about Trader Joe's? Awesome 2 buck chuck. =) \n\nPros:\n-Prices, Quality of products, selection\n-Seems the staff love working here OR they hire very intelligently. \n\nCons:\nThere's no Trader Joe's in Hawaii....boooo!!!!"""""""
The guys at this location are awesome!  They are very friendly and helpful.  The prices are great!  Our serpentine belt had cracks and it was $129 to replace.  I checked around on prices, and this was the cheapest.  They even allowed us to drop the car off and come back for it.  They give us a $5 discount every time we go in.  I would recommend this location.  If they think you can get it done cheaper somewhere else, they will tell you and let you know where to go.
I am sad that Lucky's is so far from where we live.  I worked near Lucky's last year and just happened to walk in for lunch.  My lunch was so good I took a huge meat lovers pie home, which was so good my husband proposed all over again!\n\nThe employees were so friendly and explained that their pizza might take a little longer than normal, but they want to make sure it's right.  I loved everything about my visit there, and was able to stop in a couple more times throughout the year.  It's about an hour drive from where I live, but the more I think about it, I think we're going to have to go get some more Lucky's pizza.  Great neighborhood pizza place!
What can you say - Cracker Barrel serves consistent southern comfort food.  All I need to drive across country are gas stations and Cracker Barrel restaurants.  \n\nThe Goodyear location is often full during popular dining times and days (Nascar in town or not) .  6:30 Saturday morning is easy to get a table.  Wait until 8:00 in the morning and you will probably get on a half hour wait list.  They have plenty of outdoor rocking chairs to enjoy the usual awesome Arizona weather while you wait.  They aren't so popular to rock away the time in July though.  \n\nI love their fried okra and turnip greens.  Not as good as my grandmother made but still worth my money.
The first time I had a pasty was while I was in Bath, not far from Stonehenge. Fast forward a few years, I'm told of Cornish Pasty Co. Dang, these things are the best! I typically call in my order and by the time I arrive (10-15 mins.) it is all ready for me to take home. Oddly, I usually do this on days when I'm hurting from a terrible hangover. Their menu, which is available online, has so many options and they all seem freaking incredible. However, when I'm hungover I usually want something very filling and comforting. So the very first pasty I called in was a shepherd's pie, then I'm asked if I want lamb (a true shepherd's pie) or beef (a cottage pie). Lamb, of course! It was so delicious it's the only one I've ever gotten. I just can't seem to bring myself to deviate and that's not really like me, especially when everyone raves about all the others. Someday. I'll surely be going back, maybe one day I'll actually eat there and enjoy the ambiance and maybe, just maybe I'll try something new. This place rocks! The service is great and they're all so friendly!
Last Saturday we left our house at 5:30pm with the house nice and cool.  When we got home later that night it was hot inside.  We have animals so we couldn't just do nothing.  So in a panic I got online to see what  we could do. That is when I cam across Empire.  When I called I was really afraid of what the price was going to be given, a service call at midnight on a Saturday.  I asked the very polite girl that answered the phone what there emergency service fee was.  Her reply made me giggle, only $69 for them to come out and diagnose my a/c.  I asked her to send someone out, they where at the house within 5 minutes of the time she gave me and had my a/c blowing cold in less than an hour.   \n\nI couldn't be happier with the level of treatment that I received. The operator and the tech where both super professional and courteous. I highly recommend this company.
Sure it's a chain, but Kona Grill is a step above the rest, IMHO.  I always start with the Tuna Wasabi appetizer.  Their fried rice is just awesome, some of the best I've had.  This appetizer combines sushi (sort of) and fried rice.  I could stop there...it's so yummy.  I've had their pizza, sushi, and desserts as well and I can't say I'm ever disappointed.  \n\nIf you are looking for an authentic sushi experience, you won't find it here.  Most of the sushi is pretty mainstream.  But it you want to get a great meal and look at a ton of hotties, you can't beat it.  Go for happy hour!  Most cost effective and pretty generous.
Oh Scratch, you have my heart. I love your delicious fresh ingredients. Your mouth watering little desserts, and that coffee is to die for. Your customer service is always great. My only issue with you, I need to be rich to eat you :( Thats okay though, this is one local business I will be happy to support no matter what the price is. The bread is always fresh, nom nom nom. I love eating chicken that actually tastes like chicken! No overprocessed chicken here. This place is definitely worth trying out. My favorite thing to get here is a vanilla latte with soy milk, and the chicken/mozzarella/pesto/tomato sandwich.. it is quite possibly the best sammich I've ever tasted. And a bit of a warning, it can sometimes take awhile for your food but the wait is well worth it.
Hula's is bringing a needed island flare to the valle of the sun.  The staff are incredible, the architecture and layout is amazing and then the food and drinks.  Oh man.  Start off with a Pink Bikini or a Painkiller to get you going.  They are perfect.  Every time I drink the painkillers it brings me back to Jost van Dyke where the drink was invented - the Soggy Dollar Bar.\n\nThen on to food.  From incredible barbecued pork tacos to juicy burgers and even vegetarian fare you will not be disappointed with the menu here.  Try the sweet potato fries at the bar while watching old Gilligan's Island re-runs on the plasma TV.  It's always a treat to go and very close to the light rail.  Phoenix could use more restaurants like this, bringing good friends together for casual dining.
I don't think much more can be said that hasn't already been said about this place. Hands down my favorite restaurant in Phoenix. I was sad to move from the desert solely because I couldn't come here every week. \n\nThe bruschetta is amazing. Tomato jam is hands down my favorite...sounds weird, but extremely good. You really can't go wrong with any of them. If you go on Monday or Tuesday night after 8pm, a bottle of wine and board of this gloriousness is only $20 bucks. Get on that. If you're not in the mood for bruschetta, the Tuna Melt is out of this world...order it with a side of Sierra Nevada mustard and you won't go wrong. \n\nThe brunch here on the weekends is incredible, too. Central is the only one that offers it so don't try going to the other ones and ordering the BELT sandwich, because you won't get it....but come here and you'll experience the fantastic brunch\n\nFree valet, too.
If you like spring rolls, you have to go to Rice Paper. For those of you who don't know, spring rolls are the non deep-fried type, rather, they have fresh lettuce, mint, cilantro and such inside a rice paper shell. Think of it as a Vietnamese Burrito. At Rice Paper they have it set up almost like a sushi bar. You have your choice of about 20 different spring rolls (all priced under $4). You check what you want and they make it in front of you. The spring rolls come in all types from sushi grade tuna, to fried crab, to shrimp and vietnamese sausage. Each comes with a special dipping sauce catered to the roll. If you don't like spring rolls, I recommend the Bahn Mi, which is a Vietnamese sandwich that you'll never forget served with sweet potato fries. Or try the Pho noodle soup, or even (I can't believe I'm saying this since I hate salads) the salads are great. They make cocktails infused with lychee fruit like the Lycheejito (a twist on the mojito). You can't go wrong here, and the great thing is is that everything is so refreshing and healthy, you feel great afterwords, especially on a hot Phoenix summer day.
I just went to my first show at the Mesa Arts Center, in the Ikeda Theatre. It is a beautiful venue with great acoustics. It clearly a great mix of technology and architectural style. I was very impressed. What is best to me is that it wasn't elbow to elbow with pretentious types of people which you would expect to be herded with in these types of venues. \nThis is clearly a place to see great musicians and artists. \nThe grounds and classrooms are very nice to walk and observe on a cool October evening. Look to see what they have coming, and go out and enjoy.
I've been going to VK Elle nails on Camelback since I moved here 3 years ago. I've tried a few other salons along the way but keep going back. Yes, its likely that you'll wait a few minutes for your service due to the large following they have but I can assure you that the wait is worth it. And once in the chair, you'll never feel rushed. It's the only salon I know where you'll get a 15-20 minute foot and leg massage. Try going at the beginning of the week to get in faster. Enjoy!
I called about 2 weeks before our 1 year anniversary, regarding the top tier of our cake. Kevin said no problem & that we could pick it up Saturday, our anniversary was on Sunday & they're closed. We couldn't decide which flavor to chose so I told him to pick it for us. I also asked if it could just be covered in buttercream instead of fondant.\n\nThe top tier looked so cute! They chose the white cake infused with almond flavor with almond cream cheese & strawberry fillings & it was AMAZING! The random dots of fondant were a nice touch & the cake was so moist & delicious. Can't wait to get our 5th anniversary top tier!
Stumbled upon this place last night (during First Friday) and couldn't find a sign or the name until we saw a poster hanging inside. Cool house that was built in the 20's, with the DJ up top in the loft (music was great), lots of great art on the walls and the bar has been built into where the kitchen of the house was. \n\nThey were totally packed and coudn't even get out to the back but it was really fun. Everyone  was friendly and having fun. The website says they offer 80+ beers, we had Blue Moons and some others I'd never seen before (which is always cool!). Highly recommended, especially for First Friday- the artists selling their works, jewelry, handmade goods, purses, sunglasses and more are lined up down the street near the Lost Leaf, and you can walk a short distance to galleries and the AZ Center (great place to park if you don't get downtown early).
Great food, great service! I've never been a Vietnamese restaurant as clean as this one. We were seated promptly and our waiter even helped us with our order with recommendations and making slight changes to our items as we requested. We each had an order of spring rolls and a bowl of pho with drinks. The shrimp spring roll was delicious filled with lots and lots of veggies just the way I like it. My brisket pho was absolutely delicious. I don't like rare pho meat so I got the brisket and it was cooked well with the tenderness still intact. The Vietnamese iced coffee also perfect. Never had a coffee quite as good and creamy, even better than the powder packets that so many of my friends swear by. Love it!
Cheers to Cost Plus!!!! I love coming here to pick up candles and little knick-knacks for our new home. If you're into fragrance candles check out Indonesian Teak, Tahitian Vanilla and China Pear-basically their whole candle line is amazing. I also pick up ALL of my coffee here since they have unique and strong flavors such as Italian Roast. Every 6 bags of coffee purchased earns you a free one. :D  Cost Plus is even my go-to place for last-minute gifts like photo frames and wine. As a rewards member (sign up for free) I occasionally get emails advertising awesome specials in-store and online. The cool thing about these coupons is I don't even have to print them out, the cashiers are happy to scan then from my cell.
I had lunch there on Wednesday, and I still cannot believe it was as amazing as it was. Justin Y is dead on, it is by far the freshest sushi I've ever had, and I used to live 20 minutes from San Francisco! The rolls are fun inspired and unique. The seaweed isn't overpowering. The portions are perfect! Their lunch menu is awesome! 4 pcs Hamachi, 4 pcs Salmon, 1 philly roll, a daquari and edamame, 27.00 out the door.  Great value in my book, especially for something so fresh! The guys at the bar are men of few words, but they crank out quality! I'm still beside myself with joy!
This is the best grocery store ever!  I went there today to buy one thing- mini meatballs and left after spending $50.  There are just to many good things to buy.  I love the shepherd bread.  My whole family eats meat except me so it is great to buy all the marinated raw meats or the precooked meats.  I love all the cheese... cheap eggs... organic carrot juice, greek yogurt, the pizzas are awsome, the bruschetta sauce, creamy tomatoe soup is TO DIE FOR.... frozen vegetables in a balsamic butter sauce, the white corn is mmmmmm, edamame, shelled pomegranate seeds, nuts, wasabi peas, fruit leather, wines (some really good ones for just $3!!!), non alcoholic mojito, great teas, ect ect ect. I highly reccommend checking out traderjoesfan.com and reading the reviews of the food.  You'll find new things to try no matter how many times you have been there before, I promise.
