I have to say I love most things about Sprouts and especially this particular store, it's clean & has a nice selection of environmentally thoughtful & healthier products. I know you might hear a BUT coming & unfortunately there is. On our last trip there we discovered that in the bulk section, some of the foods are made with partially hydrogenated oils!!!!! That is a definite fail in that area! Sprouts can have good deals but because of the specialty items they carry... you can walk out of there spending a pretty penny. I am not complaining about that. BUT again we did not expect that at this kind of store we would have to think twice about looking for trans fat in their products. We will always shop there so it's not a deal breaker... just a let down. :( Maybe that is something that could be fixed?
Its nice to support the locals vs the big chains, however some times its a trade off. \n\nIt was nice to get free won ton chips at the table.  The upgrade to brown rice is a bit steep however at $1.\n\nThe dishes them self were decent but nothing too impressible and when you ask for hot sauce you get a small dish of chilli oil, hardly enough for a true fire head. \n\nIf you are in the area give it a try, but don't drive too far you will be just as happy or happier at a peiwei for about the same price.
Went for a quick lunch on a Friday after reading some of the glowing reviews here. \n\nI liked the ambiance. The smell of the open pecan wood fire lent a 'campfire-y' feeling to the dark place.\n\nI got a Carne Adovada Burrito with red and green sauce. The burrito was pretty good, but not the best I've ever eaten. The meat was great - a far cry from the typical dog-food flavored mass that is typically served at most mexican restaurants. I'd have liked to taste some more of the smoky flavor from the pecan wood, though.\n\nThe beans and rice that came on the side were entirely forgettable. In fact, the beans seemed like your typical watery, canned pinto beans.\n\nI didn't think that the burrito was really worthy of its $12 price. I'm willing to pay that for a great burrito, but it just didn't quite rise to that amount. It was maybe a $9 burrito.\n\nThe service was really good. The wait staff was responsive and the food was served up quick and hot..
I brought a bridesmaids dress for a wedding I'm in next month here to see about getting it let out, as it was too small, in addition a polo that I just needed the hem shortened on. Got the details for the shirt worked out easy peasy, but the dress had some issues. She said that it was too small on me to let out, and the ONLY thing possible to do was to do a corset back. Because I didn't want me dress to be obviously different than the other girls' in the party, I asked her a few times if that was the absolute only option, and they said yes. I also needed a cocktail length, which they said would be an additional $40. Defeated, I took it all in and they had me to take the dress with me so that I could pick up the extra satin for the corset back. Luckily, I got a second opinion and went with a shop that was able to let out the dress without doing a corset back, but I picked up my shirt which was done very well. \n\nIf I was in a bind and had an item or two I needed a quick fix on,  I'd come back here, but not sure if I would recommend it to others.
I appreciate the indoor-outdoor appeal of Chelsea's.  It's a little hard to hear if you sit inside, but that just means you can turn your attention to the patio. \n\nI've never loved anything I've ordered, but I have been more than once, so you know the food is still pretty good. Albeit spendy. \n\nChelsea's is one of those places where you can take your parents and your dad will feel comfortable because he recognizes things on the menu, or you can meet your girlfriends for happy hour and everyone will be at peace in their cute shoes sipping cocktails.\n\nLet this place help you make the most of our glorious spring!
This place is adequate, and I like the huge iced teas, but the food is nothing special.  Everything is okay, and because it's so close I wound up eating at Tee Pee several times in the past few months-----but then I just stopped, because you can find better Senoran Mexican food than this.  The service is usually fantastic, and a lot of people must apparently like the vibe (bar?), but there are many mom and pop Mexican places in Phoenix that have superior flavors to this.  I've tried just about everything, but when you pay $11 and you just can't seem to find one menu item that rocks, you move on.
We thought the food was good and the atmosphere was great.  I thought the prices were a bit much for what you got.  I ordered the breakfast buffet for $20, it consisted of an omelette bar, yogurt-tini's, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, and some breads.  For a LOT less you get a LOT more at other places, but then again you're at the Biltmore.  The seating is very cool, lots of different set-ups, they even have a table in its own private glassed in room.  Service was nothing to write home about, I think our water was filled once after sitting empty for some time.  If you order coffee they give you a pot.
Ooh Z Pizza, I really really want to love you but you forgot one of the most important features of my dinner!\n\nLast Friday my boyfriend and I had a date night which included ordering in and watching the Olympics!  We ordered a pepperoni pizza for him and a California salad with chicken for myself.  I loved that we could order on line and choose our pick up time.  When I got to Z Pizza they promptly took our pizza out of what appeared to be a warming oven and then took my salad out of the fridge.  I really hope they hadn't been warming since I sent the order over an hour before.  \n\nI got home and was VERY disappointed that they forgot to add the grilled Chicken to my salad.  I think it was something like a $4 up charge to add the grilled chicken and there was definitely NO chicken on my salad.  BOO!\n\nAs for the pizza, my boyfriend enjoyed and commented that it definitely had its own unique flavor.  \n\nI anticipate that we may return but I guess I will have to check my salad before I drive home...
"""Sauce is A~OK with a solid 3 star rating because the service is excellent their turkey and feta salad is amazing but their pizza is unique and just OK at best.  My son and bride would give them a 4 or 5 star rating for their salads and mac~n~cheese, but since this my review and I eat pizza, they are a 3 stars.  They are conveniently located in the Norterra Shopping area making this place a go to prior to catching a movie or doing some shopping.\n\nWe found it best to go when they are having their special (1 pizza, 2 drinks and a salad for $20) and it is a really good deal. The turkey and feta salad with turkey, feta, corn, cucumber, tomato, avocado & almonds is one of the best salads I've had at a pizzeria. They also have a new, very tasty Chicken, Spinach & Apple salad with gorgonzola and candied walnuts.  Yum!  Again my son says their mac~n~cheese is awesome and we like their little bread roles.\n\nWe've tried almost all of their pizzas and you would think having a name like \Sauce\"""" and advertising pizza as your specialty this would imply they have amazing pizza sauce.  But no, it's average tasting at best and there's barely any of it (sauce that is) or toppings on their pies.  There crust is good providing it's not burnt.  We've had to send a few back due to severe \""""char~age\"""" around the edges.  Don't get me wrong, it's decent pizza and the crust is surprisingly good for being so thin, but still I could go to Barro's and get a more filling pizza that tastes just as good for the money. \n\nThe service was great. It's one of those places that you go in, order at the register, pay and then pick a table, sit down and wait for your food to be brought to you.  Our food usually comes out quickly, so we are very happy with the service and can plan to see a movie after wards. \n\nGreat place to go for the value if they are having their special!"""""""
Have always liked the food here but that's not everything. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait for 5 but we could go next door. However no one explained that meant an entirely different menu. We eventually were moved back to this location.  Very unaccommodating with young children. No high chairs, no straws, and $3 for a glass of milk. Wait staff was not very personable and seemed not to want to be bothered. Just not worth spending the money to be treated like an inconvenience. The host/manager was very nice and helpful though and the food is still good.
"""I wouldn't go here. In fact, I looked into attending Ai of Phoenix for a graphic design degree and decided it was not the path I needed (or wanted). The decision came, though, after a couple months of trying to sort things out with them. I applied. I met with a career counselor. I had to submit some more paperwork. I went on a tour. I then was sent to meet a financial adviser, who had to be barely 18. That's when I realized that the majority of these students were young, inexperienced and knew to college life. I, on the other hand, already had a degree. I was looking to combine my past experience with a design degree to enhance my career. \n\nI also realized Ai isn't willing to working with professional students. They don't take into consideration your work schedule as much as they should, especially if they want to appear accommodating and understanding to students who are truly committed to going to Ai. Case in point: In order to get the \a-ok\"""" to take only 9 credit hours a semester, I would have had to get the permission of the Graphic Design Faculty Advisor - or something. Ai really pushes a full-time schedule on its students, even if they offer evening classes. Silly. \n\nPlus, I didn't like being treated like an idiot. I mean, do I have to tell you over and over again that I already have a degree, that I know what to expect from paperwork and financial aid? Can you not see I'm annoyed at some 18 year-old who can't operate a computer to tell me what my cost would be per semester? Can you not tell I'm irked when I make known I'm on my lunch break, and I'm told it'll be another hour before we're finished? I don't like somebody wasting my time. True, I can be impatient. But this was ridiculous.\n\nThat's when I decided this place wasn't for me. Sure, I've heard great things about it, but the people who have gone here have told me I could have gotten a comparable degree and built a better portfolio somewhere else. \n\nEnough said."""""""
"""So I went there again (I was going to see Harry Potter okay!?) and the Yellowtail Sashimi was great as well as a simple, but tasty, Caterpillar Roll.\n\nHow can it be so awful one day, and decent the next? \n\nPerhaps it's the people actually preparing the food! Taste what comes out of the kitchen if you own this place...fire the people who can't hack it.\n\nAlso, once again - The servers were dicks.\n\nI notice MANY of the people that love this place are into the \fried\"""" this and the \""""tempura\"""" that, or worse yet...Teriyaki Chicken. \n\nWord to the wise, if you want a Traditional Sushi experience i.e. - Raw Fish --- this might not be your best bet."""""""
I had a pleasant experience with a few friends in the outdoorish area of The Vig, but if it weren't for the good company and the hip, open-air atmosphere, I probably wouldn't have been as pleased. \n\nThe Pad Thai was mediocre (Imagineer that... Pad Thai at an American restaurant was sub-par? Shocking.) But actually, I feel like it was our fault for not figuring that out prior to ordering it. The deconstructed fish tacos were satisfactory, but somewhat bland. Also, I'm not so sure how keen I am on assembling my own food. I probably would have stayed home if I was in the mood for a good assembly session. My food-cracker friend loved her kid's mac 'n' cheese, although any person with an eight-year old's taste buds would. The highlight of all of our meals was probably the side of sweet potato fries that came with a burger. I may have stuffed a few in my fish tacos. Next time, I'll probably just order a platter of fries and call it a meal.
My friend and I went for breakfast.\nI got a bran muffin, potato cake and a little box of treats to go.\n\nThe muffin was fabulous. Normally, I would feel ripped off for what I spent on it, but they use local eggs and honey and I like supporting that. The texture was good, not dry the way bran muffins are and it had just the right amount of dried fruit tidbits.\n\nThe potato cake was eh.. For the price ($6 if i remember but definately around five bucks) it was tiny, about the size of a deck of cards. In a potato pancake, i want a crispy outside and fluffy innards, but this had neither. Big disapointment.\n\nI don't remember what my friend ordered but she felt it was overpriced. \n\nI gave the take home box of treats to my sweetie after stealing the chocolate cookie. The cookie was good, but not chocolatey enough for the name they pinned on it. My boy said that none of the cookies were as good as anything his mom makes and i have to agree. For a place with bakery in the title, they need some decent baked goods.
3.5 stars...\n\n**Great value for the $$ during Happy Hour**\n\nFirst visit to Primebar for HH, and I have to say that their HH has some of the great deals! Especially for the $5 appetizers, which was 50% off from the regular menu, good portion and delicious! Four of us sampled out the mini burgers, BBQ chicken flat bread, steak quesadilla, and the calamari. I especially like the flat bread and the quesadilla, so good!!! However, didn't really like the calamari as it was arrived kinda cold and the outside breading was kinda soggy. \n\nThe pitfall - music was too loud. I mean, it was really loud that I had to scream to my friends although we were like 3ft away...
My niece want to go here for her birthday, on a Friday night.  The wait was about 30 min.  \n\nThe onion blossom was not as crispy as I remember but still pretty good. Its horseradish sauce was stronger than I expected.  I had to ask for a side of ketchup.  \n\nMy steak was cooked as ordered (medium rare) but lacked taste somehow; the lobster tail was grilled right.  The steak of my niece was on the dry side (overcooked). My daughter's steak was as she liked it (medium rare).\n\nFor dessert, we shared a gigantic scoop of ice cream and whipped cream and an Oreo waffle with more ice cream and whipped cream.  We couldn't finish.\n\nThe service was good. Our waitress was very friendly.
Watch some football with a pint and a plate of chips\n\nWas directed here by a British friends for its authenticity.  It is nice to actually encounter a Brit at a pub, this one is English owned and operated, excellent.\n\nThe beer selection is not the finest picks, but a good average English medley.  The food, I had the fish and chips, was served in large portions and pretty good.  I also had a choice of which kind of fish you'd like.  Is it just me or is ordering fish in a non-seafood focused restaurant in AZ feel like gambling?\n\nAll in all, I had a nice time.  If you are a Brit looking for some tones of home, go, if you are from anywhere else and have visited England and want to reminisce, I'd recommend it.
I came here while visiting, and I must say, this is a charming, well-priced, boars head meat-stocked place to have lunch.  Patrons ranged from nearby office workers to teenagers.  \n\nI ordered up a Doughboy on sourdough based on a recommendation and was slightly disappointed.  The amount of meat and cheese they topped it with were inadequate, and their inability to offer real avocado on their sandwiches (instead of the pathetic spread they use instead) was rather disheartening. That being said, the macaroni salad was decent, but nothing special.  At least my chips and drink turned out how I had hoped for.\n\nAll in all, I appreciate the spirit and friendliness of the lovely people who own and operate Cheese 'n Stuff and what they try to do.  However, I would not come back here for anything other than to say 'Hi'.
I am waiting in this Starbucks for my friend to finish a conference call so we can go have some shopping time and relax later by the pool. Yes, I am on vacation and I have my work laptop and I really may never be really really on vacation because there is always something to finish, just one more thing, and if I go and do it I won't have to do it later. Enough about me. \n\nThis Starbucks is near the downtown and near the metro rail line. There are about 30 seats inside and 30 outside, which now is great because it si about 70 degrees outside. I imagine from May to November the outside seats are insufferably hot. I got adequate service here, the coffee is the coffee. \n\nI can feel shane m.'s pain because I was a Starbucks supervisor back in the day too. This place passes at this moment, but you can catch the wrong partner at the wrong time and Boom! One star. \n\nI will come back here if I am ever nearby when I need a SBUX fix.
I think Zipps is alright. I fully remember this being the only decent restaurant near where I lived in North Scottsdale, so it was this or nothing.\n\nFood here is good, though they messed up my order and put sour cream on it...ew. But that's a common error, whatever.\n\nI'm not really a fan of sports, and it was loud in here, (which is to be expected), so that's not particularly my taste. However, I found it to be staffed with friendly people, which brings it from 2 to 3 stars in my book.
A buddy of mine takes me to this place for dinner, usually, and once for breakfast. It's an interesting place. As others have noted, be prepared to wait a while for service and don't be afraid to go get your waiter if you're feeling abandoned. Also, there may be a wait for a table, and the environment is loud, so be prepared to shout a bit if it's busy. \n\nThey have beer-tasting on certain nights. I did not partake, but my Dad (who was visiting AZ) did. The food varies in quality (or perhaps just varies in quality of recipe?). My Orange Table friend and I shared a 'special' pork chop dish, and that was pretty blah. However, I highly recommend their grilled cheese sandwich on some sort of yummy bread (the lower end cheese sandwich ~ I have yet to try the fancy one). \n\nAs for breakfast, I don't recall it being particularly spectacular, but I think it was better than your average diner breakfast. I may have to go back to try again... The flavored iced coffee seems very evil and full of calories, but it is really quite good. That did stand out!\n\nOrange Table is recommended if you want a place to chill and chat with your friends. Just try to find out what others are eating so that you pick something good from the menu. : )
Been here once. Had fun.\n\nSimple enough, right? Well, yes. I can't comment on the splash part, for I only played one round of mini-golf. That one round was incredibly fun. As for the actual place that one round of golf was played... Well, it was okay. I don't know what I expected, but perhaps a better manicured mini-golf green? Maybe. Perhaps I expected somebody at the counter to help us without having to buzz them a trio of times. \n\nAll in all, 3 stars because I've only been there once. With the right company, this place could be the perfect combination of goofy fun and mad skill, yo. (I got a hole-in-one at the first hole!)
I came here because I wanted some pizza and I was hungry. Settled on a salad and a margarita pizza. \n\nThe salad was intimidating because it came in a bowl. The next thing that came was the margarita pizza. It arrived a little different that I was expecting. Most pizzas come on the tray it was cooked on sort of. Well at least the size of tray it was made on. You know the standard metal pizza pan. Instead the pizza came on a round rack on top of the pizza tray.\n\nThen while trying to grab a piece of pizza I thought it wasn't cut all the way though. It look a while to figure out the pizza wasn't cut traditionally. it was cut every which way. The pizza was good, but it doesn't compare to my favorite pizza place. Some of the pizza didn't have topping on it. it was odd too because there wasn't a lot of cheese on it. There also wasn't a lot of sauce.\n\nI liked the crust of the pizza because it was crunchy and not soggy. I think I'd try some other pizza if I did go back. It was good, but I'd try something else. \n\nThere was gelato there. I ordered two scoops vanilla and then one scoop dark chocolate. The dark chocolate was good. The vanilla was a bit sweet for me.
"""Frank & Lupe's is like the melding of two worlds. Good ol' America and Mexico, you're thinking, huh? Not exactly. I'm talking about one world with good service and another world with not-so-good service. Which world you land in, and, thus, the type of service you receive depends solely on you.\n\nI've been to Frank & Lupe's maybe four or five times. Once was a visit to the Santos Lounge portion of the property. You can read up on that venture on your own. All other times, except once, I've been drawn to the backyard patio. This is Scottsdale, after all, and great weather demands that we remain outdoors to celebrate it. The problem is that the patio is found in the world of not-so-good service.\n\nFrank & Lupe's tends to draw large groups. Many times, those groups are made up of tourists. Being tourists, they usually want to sit outside because they are from far off places where \outside\"""" is no farther away than the garage. That's okay. But be prepared for a bit of a wait while said tourists stretch out and make this place their own. You should also be prepared for the somewhat frenetic pace that comes when servers wait on large groups --- especially large groups of tourists. It can be dizzying. Or, maybe it was the hunger that was making me dizzy.\n\nServers will come and go. They'll go to other tables. They will eventually come to your table and take your order. It is done with a smile and friendly feel. But then they will go to other tables and leave you with an empty glass and a mouth dry from the basket of chips you gorged on. A possible solution might be to order one of those beer buckets. Another solution is to snag a table inside where the world of good service is to be found.\n\nAfter always venturing to the patio and always receiving sub-par service, I figured it was time to try inside. What a difference it made. We were seated and waited on immediately and proceeded to get the greatest service I had ever had at Frank & Lupe's. I never got his name, but I think he works behind the bar sometimes. So efficient was the service that we were wiping our mouths and settling the tab before we even made a dent in the night. A stroll through the galleries during Art Walk helped take care of that, though.\n\nThe bottom line here is that the food is pretty good and the service is great ... or not so great, depending on your chosen world."""""""
Went to check it out last Sat night on a whim. Didn't have reservations, so had to wait 15min, not a big deal, hung out and played with gadgets in the Apple store across the way.  they have a cool text feature when your table is ready. (i love this!)  The restaurant is flanked by two large patios with comfy looking seating.  We opted for inside, brrrr...too cold out for me!  It is pretty loud inside acoustically, but I like the open concept.  Giant square bar in front of the open kitchen,  very modern, clean lines, crisp green nature accents alongside toffee colored woods and surrounded by giant sliding door/windows. \n\nWe started out with the shrimp dumplings. They were surprisingly good. 4 juicy dumplings, nice ginger flavor-very light, the wonton skin was tender and better than I expected it would be. (I'd hope so for $11!) Comes in a nice subtle broth with some asian veggies and fresh shiitake mushrooms. I just have to keep reminding myself that we are not in LA :(  \n\nAlso had the 'chicken noodle soup' with it's slightly asian influence being that the soup itself has a 'hot and sour' note to it.  It was decent. The noodles in it did remind me of campbells soup in a thin and overcooked way. \n\nI had the Panang chicken curry....MMMMM YUMMMMY!  I love this dish!  It comes in a big white bowl with a very soupy, tamer version on 'Panang' but I still love it.  (even for $15) Has the normal root veggies, and still has a kick that creeps up on you a little at the end, but not too spicy by any means. It comes with brown rice that needs to be dug out of the bottom of the bowl. (they provide you with a spoon for this) I wish they would put a touch more rice in it.  The curry-to-rice-ratio is a little off.  I would come back and eat this for sure...\n\nSignificant other (S.O.)  had the salmon with lemon salad.  Salmon, (so-so) lacked a little flavor and was a bit boring. The lemon salad and red quinoa (the sides) got eaten first. Salad was small, bright, lemony, speckled with diced beets. My S.O. doesn't usually like quinoa and he ate every last speck of it.  They know how to cook it here.  Now he is asking why I don't make it at home haha. \n\nDessert. Apple cranberry crumble with maple ice cream.  It was a-okay.  I am very picky when it comes to desserts. Apples, cranberry, and some granola-y topping with some ice cream on top...it got eaten because it wasn't super rich and heavy, and it was nice and warm!\n\nService-This is probably one of the first times I've ever been to a FRC restaurant (especially a new one) and the service wasn't spot on.  Our server was a little slow on timing. We almost skipped dessert because we were wondering if we wanted to stay another 30+ minutes. Well, we did get it and we did end up staying later. No ice tea refill for my S.O. until dessert and forever to get the check....etc. just little things like that. nothing major, but still! I definitely will think twice about heading to True Food if I want a quick meal!
I've been going to Mama Mias for years now.  The lunch special is what I almost always get seems how I go during my lunch break.  $3.50 for two slices of pizza and a drink.  \n\nThe slices are about the size of a regular paper plate and always hot and fresh.  You can add toppings for 50\u00a2 per slice per topping.  It used to be 25\u00a2 per topping per slice but I guess times are tough out there.  \n\nThere is not much room inside or outside to eat at so during lunch peak hours you may be standing.  About 4 people can eat at the inside counter and maybe another dozen outside.\n\n4 bucks for two large slices and a drink is worthy of a lunch stop.
I have one huuuge complaint with living just off of Estrella Parkway in Goodyear. Oh, what's that, you're wondering (or not, but whatever).. There's no gas stations out there! \n\nOkay, this being the exception. \nIf there's more gas stations over there without having to drive over to Van Buren & Litchfield to use CircleK (I tend to wait until the gas light pops on & I'm not sure I'd make it, haha), please.. let me know!\n\nI stopped in last night and this place is good for what it is. I wish it were cheaper, but they have the gas station market cornered off of Estrella Parkway (for now). I also like that I can enter my phone number at the pump and save 3 cents on each gallon. I know its only three measly cents, but every little bit helps these days. \n\nI've stopped here about four times and I'll probably keep stopping in when I stupidly forgot to fill up near work where the gas prices seem to be a little lower. \n\nA solid three stars.
"""This place has been packed for dinner since it opened a few weeks ago. We had pizza this time while pizza is thin and crispy and pretty good it is over priced for what it is they do not look like their picture's with pile's of stuff on them, they are mainly flat and chinsey w the topping's. Who know's maybe you would have to add lot's of topping's to get it tasty so a make it yourself personal $8.50 12\ pizza turn's into $11. I'd rather go to Ray's accross the street personally. The beer and wine selection is not too bad. I will probably eat here again but not for the pizza. The kid loved the mac & cheese $4 incl. drink is ok by me."""""""
"""Rustler's Rooste is that triangle of white lights (not the take me to your leader kind) you see on the hills in Ahwatukee at night. You park at the base of the hill or at the top if you are early enough and a van will take you to the top (if you are in heels you may want to wait for that van - although stilettos are best left at home duh). In a nutshell, the place is over the top rustic cowboy; every surface is covered in wood. The food is ok - the bread (biscuits, corn bread etc,) basket is the best part. \n\nYou wanna order the rattlesnake? Prepare to shell out $20 for it - let me save you the money. It's little scraps of chicken-like meat (the size of a nickle) deep fat fried and served with chipotle ranch. It literally tastes like dark meat chicken.\n\nThere's a live band (we were here on a weekend) playing the old classic country western (imagine that scene in Blues Brothers - Good Ole Boys style). No chicken wire cage though - bummer. \n\nAfter several drinks (which I recommend) go out on the patio and gaze at the city below. Then after more drinks, push the kids out of the way and take a ride down the slide - dare devils go head first. \n\nOverall - there is much to see even if the food is \eeeh\"""" - even the giant beast of a bull in a pen out front, great for tourists looking for a hokey night out, or if your family is in town, take them here and explain this is how AZ is - all covered in wood, stale booze, cowboys and old timey country music."""""""
Good food, fast service, but busy at lunch time and small parking lot.\n\nFOOD\nI've been here many times and it's always been fresh and made how I like it.  The wraps are good size for their price and I never walk away hungry.\nThere are some vegetarian chioces and really yummy tea to drink (other drinks available). \n\nENVIRONMENT\nSmall main dining area with high tops and regular tables. Sometimes noisy and a little cramped. Unique decor with one of a kind artwork on the walls. Outdoor seating overlooking the parking lot. \n\nOTHER\nIf you come at lunch time 11:45-1:00pm, good luck with parking.
"""\Good for Newbies / Whiteboys...Average to the Viets / Foodies\""""\n\nNoodles Ranch by name alone, should be a good indicator that they are aiming to attract the culturally timid. All joking aside, I highly doubt that a Vietnamese restaurant with a typical name like; Pho Thanh, Pho 54, Da Vang, Bin Minh, etc. would attract as many newbies or uncultured Americans, which are in great abundance in this metropolis.\n\nWith that being said, this is a good place to send your mother, or someone who does not yet have a mind that is developed enough to venture to a place that caters specifically to its originating culture.\n\nI will not give this place a bad rating, as they do a great job, and make people feel welcome. They play their business model very well, and I am happy to see some Viets venture down this road and survive as long as they have in this town. They will bring you a fork and spoon as a standard protocol to keep you from feeling intimidated by chopsticks.\n\nAs for the food, again, they tame things down a little bit to cater to a simplified American palette. The prices are a little higher compared to most hole in the wall Pho restaurants, but you have to consider the location and the clientele. \n\nI wouldn't go here and expect to have the best bowl of Pho in town, but would go without a high expectation now that I understand their business model and targeted demographic.\n\nJust as we might hit a lower end hamburger joint, like \""""Five Guys\"""", we are fully aware of the fact that this is not an authentic hamburger, it's a modified and tamed down version to cater to a greater mass of people.\n\nGo support these guys, and don't give them a bad review if you aren't happy with their food. This is a training ground for the simple minded and unadventurous."""""""
From the exterior I thought this comic show was going to be pretty bad ass. They had a ton of well painted comic characters on the windows, and really, if you can get Spider-man from not looking like some Mexican bootleg toy reject, more props to you.\n\nBut when I got in here I really didn't feel much love, nor did I really get a good sense of what this comic shop did well and was just there with in terms of product. \n\nYes, it has a ton of back issues. Problem is that even though I'm a huge nerd, I really don't give a shit about single back issues. I can easily pick up the trade to read those older story lines. Many of which mean nothing for the current character anyway. \n\nThen the toy section was just alright. Their new release wall was well maintained, though it was scattered through multiple areas of the store. That threw me for a loop at first in thinking that I missed an issue or something.\n\nThe customer service was also non-existent. I realize I don't like it when the employees are pushy into trying to figure out what you want.. But to be completely silent and not even welcome you or look at your way just makes you feel a little less welcomed. \n\nEnded up not even picking up anything - even though their was some new releases that I wanted to read. There's better comic shops in Arizona, I told myself..  The lack of any personality to the store really just turned me off.
I don't get the hype, but then again I am not a regular. \n\nThe beer selection is top notch, the sandwiches are worth the prices, the cheesecake really shouldn't be drowned in chocolate syrup but who cares, it really is a nice people watch place. I appreciate the well composed menu and not much more can be said. It has reliable service and sandwiches, hipsters and good beer. The lack of surprises make it a good place to take out of towners to see downtown and introduce people to First Fridays if you wanna brave potential waits, noise levels, and lack of parking on busy nights.
"""I very much wish I could give the gorgeously remodeled Vig more than 3 stars, but the inconsistency in food and service has knocked off a star for the time being.  \n\nAesthetically, the Uptown Vig is just lovely.  The renovation of the space was done with class, and the differing textures on every wall/surface/decor really made things pop.  I'm loving the re-purposing trend in central Phoenix... what great use of an old, seemingly useless space. \n\nOn my first visit to the Uptown Vig, I came with the girlfriends for Happy Hour.  We love to check out all of the greatest happy hours around town, and were particularly excited for half-priced appetizers.  We had the traditional hot \vings\"""", guac and chips, trifecta (mini-burgers) and the flatbread pizza with tandori chicken.  All of the items were relatively good, however nothing really stood out or surprised us.  We were disappointed at our server's attitude.  She seemed immediately put off when we ordered only waters and 2 cokes (table of 4) with our food.  Come on - \""""real\"""" drinks aren't required, are they?  It was a school night!  Plus, I had to manage to drive myself home, and I totally can't manage that with even one drink.  I understand that we were reaping the benefits of the happy-hour pricing without shelling out for alcohol, but there is no need to be put off by our choice.  We ALWAYS tip enough to make up for their trouble... Anyways... I digress...  I also ordered the Good Korma curry dish to take home to the husband, after conferring with the waitress about good gluten-free options.  Unfortunately, when I arrived at home, I discovered that they had stuck a great, big piece of naan on top of the curry.  Gluten, gluten everywhere :(\n\nOur second visit was a great turnaround.  We had decided to go to Chelsea's Kitchen for Mother's Day Brunch.  Chelsea's turned out to be so packed that we couldn't even find a space to park.  Using our incredible genius, we decided that the fairly new Vig would probably have less of a crowd.  Boy, were we right!  We were seated right away, and there were many tables to spare.  I ordered the Achiote Salmon - oh my.  It was an incredible dish.  Such complexity of flavor in the spices and poblano sauce, and the accompanying chorizo-stuffed corn cake was delish.  Definitely something to return for.  The husband ordered chilequiles, and thought they were good, but not nearly as great as Gallo Blanco's version.  Both of our mothers ordered the Persian Kebabs, and both seemed pleased, but not completely bowled over.   The child ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, which was entirely too much bread and not quite enough cheese.  I did enjoy stealing his French fries, however - yum!\n\nSince the new Vig is just around the corner from my house, has a super happy hour, and the amazing salmon dish, I'm sure I will be back.  Hopefully the service loses the slightly I'm-better-than-you attitude, and adopts a truly friendly vibe.  Looking forward to that!"""""""
I used to come here all the time for breakfast.  I must say that I was never disappointed.  I really like their eggs Benedict and their jalapeno biscuits and gravy.  Their coffee was great too.  Today I came for lunch with some co-workers and had the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  The grilled cheese was very good with fontina and cheddar cheeses between to thick pieces of sourdough bread.  The tomato soup I could tell was homemade, but it was lacking in something for me... I think it needed to be a little thicker maybe with some croutons or something.
We were in the Phoenix area a few weekends ago and after we saw that Los Reyes de la Tortas was overflowing, I did a quick yelp search and saw that I had bookmarked OHW and we headed on over. The place has a huge dining room and a bar and patio off the back. \n\nThey were out of zucchini when we were there (huge sad face), but my friend and I each got a burger and some fries. They were pretty good, but they weren't the best burgers I've ever had in my life. I'd probably try it again if I was in the area, but I'm sure there are better burger places around
"""This is a very interesting place offering a very casual family and somewhat dog friendly picnic atmosphere.  I would describe it as an outdoor cafe of sorts. I'm sure that's why they chose the name they did. Just sayin' .....don't expect a restaurant.  \nThey do a great business because the food tasty. The sandwiches are the way we would love to make them if we had the time to shop for the culinary ingredients.  The atmosphere as I mentioned is very casual and family \picnic like\"""".  You order your food at the cash register counter and then walk outside and sit near a small window where an employee \""""calls your number\"""".  The food ordering and pickup system just felt more like McDonalds than a cafe or bistro where you pay $26 for two sandwiches and small drinks. The sandwich doesn't even include a small bag of chips or even a pickle slice!  In my opinion it's priced more like a fine cafe that offers more \""""service\"""" than the fast (although healthy) food system they currently offer.  It's actually a shame because I'd come back over and over if I felt overall it was a better value and experience.  Give it a try though and see what you think."""""""
I prefer this location of Sephora over the Scottsdale location. The Chandler location is less busy and more spacious than the Scotts location.\n When I first started going to this location I thought it was great because the staff was way more helpful and willing to give out samples. I am now finding the staff to be a bit annoying. They are great, but everytime I look at something they come over and ask a lot of questions or try and steer me to buy a particular product. It gets a little annoying to have the Bare Escentuals Smokey Eyes pointed out at least three times every time I'm in the store. \n\nAll and all I love Sephora no matter what location! It's heaven on earth for most of us gals. Yes the products are pricey, but they are quality products you can't get at the drugstore.\n\nHmmm, this review must sound confusing. Here I am saying I prefer this location, but then complain about how overly eager the employees are. This location isn't as snooty as the Scottsdale location and the employees are friendlier.
I am a total fan if this dive. I usually just get a cheeseburger with some fries. I have also tried the chile fries. The cheeseburger and fries are both well done. The chile fries are very decadent, go with the small order for a first try. The chile fries are a bit salty though. \n\nThe best part of the restaurant? The fact that it has all kinds of old school video games that you can play while waiting for your food. I pumped at least another two dollars worth of quarters into the machines last time I was there. It is great!\n\nDon't let the exterior, or the interior for that matter, scare you, just check it out.
"""I went to the Main Ingredient for a work lunch recently and while I didn't have a bad experience I do think I need to go back in the evening to get a better feel for the joint.\n\nMy roast beef sandwich was tasty (and the mustard was sublime), the service was slightly above so-so, and the crowd/atmosphere was totally in my wheelhouse, but when on the clock dining at an Ale House you can't help but leave feeling disappointed. Seems like my sandwich was crying out for a beer to keep it company.\n\nIf I had to complain about something it would be the $3 charge for a flat bottle of \Coke Light.\"""" No, really, that's what the oversized bottle said. It wasn't Diet Coke it was Coke Light. The margin on soda always favors the house but $3 for a Coke is re-gosh-darn-diculous.\n\nThe location is ideal for post-work drinks so I'll definitely update this review after I've partaken in the Ale House's brews."""""""
My friend & I just had to try this place to see what all the hype was about & to see if it was really pizza worth waiting 3 hours for? Our verdict was NO. Not sure if we are able to give a fair review due to waiting 3 hours, being starving & having super high expectations. We both agreed that we would never wait 3 hours again for this place or any other restaurant for that master. It was just ridiculous. We ordered the Marguerita pizza & although we did agree that the crust was light & thin we again didn't think it was worth waiting 3 hours for. \nIt also seems ridiculous  that they won't seat people & serve them at the huge picnic tables outside- they could cut the wait time way down by doing that.
"""This is the favorite burger of our Commander-in-Chief, so who am I as a lowly tax-paying foot soldier to question the restaurant? As the fattest nation on Earth, this burger must shine as a golden example to the reason. The cheeseburger that I ordered could have easily fed a Somalian village and walking back to the light rail I am sure my already high blood pressure shot several points higher. I pray I finish this review before I succumb...\n\nI wouldn't recommend ordering the burger with tomatoes. Not that they were bad, but they create a sliding factor that detracts from the dining experience. There are two options - wear half of the burger on your shirt or wolf it down in an attempt not to wear said burger and as a result fail to be able to enjoy the dining experience.  The price of the meal is a little higher than most, but so are the portions. As I described, the burger is enormous, and I ordered a regular size fry. The fries are served in a paper cup and more fries dumped in the sack. Really it was overkill because by the time I engulfed the burger, I really didn't want any fries - but this is a review about the whole meal so for you, dear reader, I pushed on ever so slightly. The fries are good - Cajun flavor and spicy. Good - yes. \The best\"""" as the advertisements proclaim? I wouldn't say so. In comparing Five Guys to another recently opened gourmet burger joint, SmashBurger's rosemary fries are far superior. Five Guys outranks SmashBurger In terms of dining room size and available seating. Plenty of place to sit and attempt not to wear the burger. \n\nOne thing I found as a huge distraction was the music. I don't want to sound like an old man, but turn that damn thing down! The radio was so loud it wasn't a pleasant experience. When you are trying to inhale a large cow cooked in 100% peanut oil, talking to your dining companion leaves limited opportunities. Say a few words and dive back in. What makes it annoying and difficult is that when you masterfully pull off this move, the partner continually says \""""huh?\"""". \n\nOverall the burger was good and tasted grilled from the backyard. I know this will lose me points for being a fat guy and probably further lower my man-card status, but I don't think there needs to be two patties - one would suffice. The fries are too much too. I couldn't even finish the overflow in the bag, let alone touch the ones in the actual cup. For $11 for a burger, fries and drink ($5.59 burger, $2.59 regular Cajun fries, $2.19 large Cherry Coke)I felt like I wasted the fries and was so uncomfortable after gorging on the burger that I didn't enjoy the experience. Dare I say a smaller version of the meal would probably be a good opportunity for a future menu option."""""""
**WARNING** THERE IS A THIEF OR GROUP OF THIEVES WORKING THIS GYM!!\n\nThe new facilities are very nice and the staff is friendly but patrons should be aware that there is a problem with theft from locked lockers. Last Thursday night I unlocked my combination lock and found that my purse was no longer there! I reported it at the front desk and the young man working there said that a woman came to him earlier that day and said her cellphone had been stolen out of her locker, which was also locked. \n\nIt's a nice gym but if you use it you should probably use one of the little lockers they have at the front desk to secure your important items until the the thief is caught. They're pretty vigilant about making sure only members enter so it's either a member or an employee.
I ran this in 2012 and it was my first half marathon. Since then I have ran two more. Considering the crowd that turns out to this event they do a good job on the organizational end. My biggest complaint is that it didn't start on time. With the amount of people running it is important to start on a timely manner. I also feel is is extremely overpriced compared to other races and even other RnRs in the country. I don't feel that $100+ for a half marathon is reasonable. I hope they will work on making this one more affordable because I would like to continue doing it each year.
Quality local sports bar with decent food, reasonable drink prices, $2.50 Modelo and Negro Modelo on Sundays, good staff, and enough local flavor to feel the right amount of divyness. \n\nThe staff puts up with a fair amount, but for the most part, they are always smiling...with a few exceptions. No massive TV, but a very good number of TVs (you won't miss anything), including an outdoor bar and nice sized patio with TVs, warmers, fire pits, ping pong, and bean bag toss (or whatever you tossers call it these days). Whether you are watching AFL/Aussie Rules (which you should for the most amazing action outside of the NFL) or the Packers beat the Bears, this is a good spot. \n\nAnd really, even if you are big sweaty Pats fan...they will change the TV to your game, so, don't get chowda in your stache and try to wait until it is a few minutes or so before kickoff until you turn into a raving lunatic looking like you just got off the boat in Gloucester...Just a thought, not a sermon. \n\nThe cheese steaks are the focus of the menu, with sandwiches and typical bar food. You may not win a fight with a Philly native, but the cheese steaks are good, with ample variety and upgrades. \n\nAnd, if you need a reminder, there is a breath alcohol machine by the bathroom. Even better, enjoy your day, night, morning...and save your change (and more) and get a cab.
I found the food to be average-to-good, I had the kibbeh plate (rather tasty and plentiful portions) and my dining companion enjoyed a sandwich. The food is inexpensive and service is relatively quick. Our server was very pleasant. When I went up to the cashier to settle the tab, I noticed they had an impressive variety of baklava and turkish delight candy in the case. I LOVE turkish delight - it's my favorite candy of all time. Naturally, I requested a few pieces to go. I got home minutes later to find that the turkish delight was completely stale and dried out. I was so disappointed! However, if you're looking for cheap eats, check this place.
"""Overcrowded. \nOverpriced. \nInconvenient. \n\nI'm giving the experience three stars, instead of the one or two stars I think it really deserves, because it's a nice idea - in concept: A \farmer's market\"""" combined with a crafts fair and gourmet food. \n\nPerhaps it was the day I went, but the \""""Farmer's Market\"""" portion was a little light. The crafts fair portion I thought was pricey. The food was wonderful, but I hate waiting in long lines.  Plus, they only take cash.\n\nThe highlight for me was a both from Brophy (a local private boys high school). These kids were selling something called \""""Cookies in a Jar\"""" - prepackage ingredients that the boys shop for and build. The proceeds go to their charity (they adopt a family). It isn't a cheap product - $12 a jar, but I was just so impressed with their attitude, I bought a couple of jars. It's nice to see teenage kids really care! \n\nOther than this, the experience was more frustrating than enjoyable.  Think I'll skip this and go to the Farm at South Mountain and then downtown to the Farmer's Market."""""""
This review is a little depressing so forgive me if I suddenly stop in mid sentence do to the fact that I have just killed myself. I waited too long to write this review, so it's a 2 for 1!\n\n Oh Kincaid's how I once loved you..............those days are gone. I need to get over it and move on! This also proves that Yelp is therapy! \n\nThis was my go to spot for happy hour before the Suns games and I love the Suns and I loved Kincaid's so it was a threesome match made in heaven!(not that I'm into that kinda thing) Walking in there wearing my Suns gear, I am the happiest person on the planet, because I know they have the best calamari appetizer anywhere.  \n \nWell, they did until they changed the recipe and now its just a pile of fried artichoke hearts that take over the already over battered squid. If you knew what the previous dish was like, oh man you could feel my pain. Imagine lightly battered, tender bites of sea food fried with slices of jalapenos, that you dipped into the most perfect sweet and sour plum sauce. It sounds a little strange but I'm telling you.....it was fabulous!\n\nI have tried some of the other apps and they just don't stand out in my opinion. It's not a total loss, the drinks are great and so is the service. If you get there early enough you can order a full meal and they do good work.  I still enjoy going in and chatting with the other fans over a ice cold Blue Moon. Looking forward to a new season and maybe a few menu changes for the better.
It's Chili's.\n\nIt's what you expect, but if you've never been there, let me give you the run down.\n\nI always order the chips and salsa.  Chips are fresh, thin and usually warm, if they are not ask for new ones.  The salsa is flavorful without being overwhelming with heat.\n\nI will more than likely order the boneless Buffalo wings - you get a fair amount and again the flavor is there with the overpowering heat.\n\nThe burgers are good, quality beef with a fresh bun.\n\nThey have steak fries.  I'm a fan of small fries but don't hate these.\n\nGreat Happy Hour deals.\n\nThe place is usually clean and I really like sitting in the bar with the friendly staff and many TV's to watch.
The movies are $3.  All the time.  With that thought in mind, is the only reason I would give the 3rd star.  The concessions are actually more expensive than say, Harkins or AMC. The seats are the same as when I was a teenager and the movies were $1.  So if you are unwilling or unable to make the early matinees at a DIGITAL theatre with good sound systems, etc, or are just looking for a place to take the kids for a cheap movie while you hit up Santisi's next door for pizza and/or wings, or to just escape the grinding heat in the summer...then I guess it isn't that bad.  just remember- if you are a sound and visual buff- this is NOT the theatre for you.  They have not gone digital or Dolby yet.
Been here on a few occassions. Different times of the day, different reasons, so here it goes...\n\nFor food: They actually serve breakfast, too, so its open all day. The portions are huge, however, i only had maybe 3 bites of it all (omlet, potatoes, something else I can't remember) and I threw it away. Too greasy. It was so greasy and gross that it left grease stains everywhere. Ew!\n\nNightlife: The place gets packed pretty quick and since they have valet its nice to leave your car there overnight. If there is one thing, they don't recommend driving drunk. Good for them!!\n\nAn event: Ok, here is where I give them props. We organized a fundraiser there for work and they were excellent to work with regarding that! They did a bull riding contest, had 2 for 1 drink specials, and the management there was so nice to do whatever they could to help us out! \n\nToo bad, I can't give it higher than a 3 though. I just can't get pass the food.
"""What happens when a Croatian family, 2 gays and a brood of CenPho peeps head to the westside for a birthday brunch at...*gasp*...a chain restaurant. Well, I'll tell ya what happens. Big Fun. That's what! We had at least 20 people and took over an entire room in back. That was smart of them as we were a \lively\"""" group. Granted it took quite a while to get drinks out to us, but I'm a restaurant person and forgive easier than others. We had strawberry mimosas served with a split of Freixenet. Fantastic! I had the cordon blue crepes with ham, Swiss, onion and eggs topped with Dijon cream sauce...seriously...they were heavenly. I was last to be served so I was nervous my crepes would be petrified. They were piping hot! Also on my plate were fresh grapes. They were chilled & snappy. Kind of like Angelina Joilie's personality. I have to say the place was pretty messy, including the restroom, which oddly smelled like the men's restroom at the Esplanade. I'll remember you Mimi. Next year, when I'm visiting the westside again, I may swing by for those crepes. Oh. One weird thing happened. After a few of us had ordered our third strawberry mimosa, we were told they had no more champagne left. Really? Cuz it feels like you're cutting us off! Whatev! We had consumed plenty but got a chuckle out of being cut off in a room full of coffee swilling seniors!"""""""
Stumbled on this place while exploring downtown Phoenix.  I had no idea about the Alice Cooper connection until I got inside.  I wasn't expecting much, but it was actually pretty good food.  I had the BBQ Sampler.  It had ribs, smoked turkey, hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch, I hung out and listened to bands all afternoon.
My husband and I have been going here for almost 15 years every spring training and this last time was very disappointing.  I absolutely LOVED the mussels, until now.  Don't know what happened, but something changed in the way they make them, blah...  Nothing about the rolls stood out, some were too big to eat in one bite, fish was fresh, just not too creative.  I hope they find their edge again.\nThe service was awesome though.  We were in the back with a group that included 2 young children and we got alot of attention.
"""Went in for a quick after-lunch coffee. I thought I'd been to Cartel (a different location) before but I couldn't find my review... anyway, it was decent, but I'm not seeing the hype. \nI got a macchiato - espresso with steamed milk - and it came in a TINY little tea cup. When I ordered, the cashier said they only make it \traditional\"""" and I had no idea why he said that to me like I didn't know what I was ordering... I'm sure they get a lot of people in that expect the cr\u00e8me-laden chocolate monstrosity that Starbucks will give you if you ordered a mocha macchiato there. However, I hated that he presumed I had no clue what I wanted. With it, I got a chocolate chip cookie - which was larger than your average cookie and undercooked to perfection - but not really worth the price tag.\n\nThe cookie was $3 (yikes) and the espresso $3. Mom's mocha was another $3.  \n\nNow, I appreciate that they roast their own coffees here so you get a wholly unique flavour but my espresso was really bitter. Like, medicine bitter. I like a super strong roast flavour but I want it to also be smooth and flavourful. This was neither. Mom agreed about her mocha. \n\n3 stars for effort, environment (the window paintings were awesome and plenty of comfortable seating) and a great cookie but I wouldn't come back."""""""
Strip Mall Gold... ok, maybe not actual gold but once you walk into  this hole in the wall, what-the-heck-is-a-bar doing here place, the drinks are so cheap you just might be stumbling out and after barely spending anything!\n\nisn't fancy at all,  food is decent for a bar, the usual Cheers crew is always there. have karoke fridays and saturday nights but since i cant stand off tune singining i run out the door soon as it starts! haha... \n\nworth a try if you're strapped for cash and need to get your drink on
"""One of the things I love about this place is the outdoor seating in the cooler months.  I also love the Bellini, Toasted Ravioli, and Rosemary-Chicken Pizza.\n\nThere IS room for improvement, however.  The takeout \system\"""" they are using has caused me to go somewhere else more than once.  I don't think that having certain pickup \""""windows\"""" for loyal customers is a sufficient way to reward them, especially at that price point.\n\nOregano's, you have a LOT of good competition (especially in Central Phoenix) so you may want to rethink the way you are treating customers.  I'm going to try you out again soon so we'll see how things go from there."""""""
This was my first time at a Tilted Kilt. It's a good sports bar, lots of TVs playing games and not too loud, clean, etc. I liked the long bar in the center, it looks like a long shuffleboard table that you can sit on either side of, good for a small or large crowd. The staff was friendly, always making sure I had enough jack and coke (which was on happy hour so how could I say no?) I really liked the tk Irish nachos. I thought this place would be kind of like hooters but I felt like it was more like a regular sports bar, just with a theme. Maybe I've been to way too many clubs and bars that have staff dressed in similarly small outfits. I guess I make this comment for other girls that might think this is just a place for guys, I didn't think it was tacky in that way.  I would add this place to the list if I was looking for a chill sportbar.
"""3 1/2 stars for Thai house. \n\nDon't get me wrong, their food is amazing, and their curries are pretty close to unique Thai. And I love them spicy. However, when upon ordering you're asked how hot you want your curry (on a scale of 1 being the lowest and 5 being the hottest), it usually never comes out the way you except it. \n\nLike I said, their curries are amazing. I've had the red, yellow, and green curries and they've never disappointed. Green is probably my favorite between them all. \n\nThey also have a vegetable house soup which is absolutely delicious, light, and flavorful. I would recommend it.\n\nHowever, one time I ordered the curry noodles. The noodles were so overcooked that they pretty much congealed together and it was near impossible to pick them up, let alone distinguish noodle to noodle when it came to eating the \paste\""""\n\nAlso their service is somewhat snooty and rude, and doesn't pay much attention to you or your questions."""""""
I finally got to try out the Hardrock cafe in downtown Phoenix. My first impression is that it's smaller then I thought it would be, but it's still pretty roomy the way the tables are spaced out. This is a great place to go if you are going to attend a concert or basketball game at the US Airways center (directly across the street) or Chase Field where the Diamondback's play. Overall, it has a pretty neat atmosphere with everything being music related. Lot's of guitars and gold records along with pictures cover most of the walls. be prepared, it is very loud in there. Music videos will be playing. This does not bother me, but you may have to raise your voice to be heard.  Now, onto he food. My wife and I had already eaten, so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high, but it is geared towards being different and your probably paying  for that. I would go back again, but I would not just drive into Phoenix just to eat there on a whim. Maybe next time I go to a D'backs game or the Roger Waters concert in May.
Newest Szechuan restaurant in town ... 2 weeks old only ... Clean interior, good service and dishes come pretty fast. \n\nPretty good in quality but noting to wow just yet ... tried their water boiled fish, sour fish soup and a cold dishes. Water boiled fish was pretty good, not all that numbing compare to other restaurant, so it's good on my book, soup is pretty decent too. I will put this restaurant in the same tier as Szechuan palace
Inexpensive.  Clean, simple, small restaurant.\n\nLike that they have Boba!  \n\nThe pho was 50% off so very inexpensive.  The price of the tofu spring rolls were cheap and you get 3 HUGE ones.  Way better deal then what we buy at Trader Joes.  I did not care for the rice noodle with tofu and vegetable dish on the Vegetarian menu.  First they sent it out with a fish sauce.  I had to send it back.  Next it had a soy sauce.  It was so flavorless and boring.  I took most of it home and then didn't eat it.\n\nI won't hurry back.
I can say that I used to love the place. Not so much any longer. \n\nWent over there this past Sunday at 7pm. Crowded, but still room to sit 6 of us. Here are a few simple notes to sum up the evening.\n\nWaitress was on something. She was walking, but out of it. Forgot our order twice, and both times could not remember even taking them. Very bizarre. \nGirl next table fell over and out of her chair. No one really even seemed to notice, maybe that happens often here now. \nPlace looks tired, worn out, especially the fabric on the chairs and booths outside. If you squint, you can see the old Vig, when it seemed spotless, and shiny. Now a bit tattered, along with the staff. \n\nIf you are over 28, then I would have to say you might feel old in here. Reminds me of a spring break crowd being filmed by an MTV crew in Cabo. Very young, very drunk.
My friend and I were in town to catch some spring training games, and Alice Cooper'stown seemed like a natural stop for a post-game dinner. We had no trouble parking, as we were there on a Sunday night. We were seated after a short wait, and quickly ordered some fried mushroom appetizers. They arrived hot and fast, and were crispy and tasty. Our server wasn't what one would call personable, but it kinda went with the vibe of the place. In another environment I probably wouldn't have been amused. \n\nI was torn between ordering more standard bar fare (like a burger) or the chipotle pasta dish. I ended up with the pasta, and it was very good. Just enough heat for my wimpy palate. My dining partner ordered the grilled veggie sandwich, and was very disappointed. She said it was essentially a salad on Texas toast. However, she said that the fries and chili were very good. I'm a sucker for themed restaurants, so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock.
Decent food, good service, good lunch prices.\n\nI liked the fact that when I told my waitress I would like to opt out of the deep fried foods that came with the lunch special, she immediately offered a larger portion of my main dish.  Nice touch.  Lunch special got me a nice cup of soup, a decent, but large, plate of fried rice, and a cup of hot tea for $6.54-ish.  A good price for a good meal.  Their fried rice wasn't the best I've ever had, but it certainly wasn't the worst.  I would go back and try another dish.
"""Ken loves fondue. Some of you may even remember his birthday party at the Melting Pot, a restaurant which turned out to be a huge disappointment, and is now, fortunately, closed. So when I read about Le Chalet, a crepe and fondue place in Glendale, I knew we'd be going. \n\n    I want to apologize in advance for the tone of this review, and even urge you to visit Le Chalet despite my reservations, particularly since we tried only one dish. I really don't know what it was about the place that made me so crabby. So, with that caveat, here goes.\n\n     The place is cute, in a kitschy French/Swiss village-y kind of way. Dark wood and stuccoed white walls with lots of appropriate photos and posters. But I had the feeling that the whole thing, except the show kitchen, was done on a shoe-string budget. The silverware and plates were low end, but a cloth napkin was provided. The sink in the ladies room was supposed to look like it was carved out of a chunk of rock, but it was a laughable fake. I think perhaps the owners tried too hard.\n\n     We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue ($17.50), one of the more expensive items on the menu. I had read that it was enough for two, and indeed it was. Before it came to the table we were given a complimentary tartine, basically a slice of toasted bread with some tasty cheese melted on top. This is served to every table, and it struck me as an odd choice since so many of the things on the menu involve bread and cheese. The fondue arrived in a timely manner, along with a bowl of bread cubes. Unhappily, the bread was refrigerator cold, which meant it had been cubed and stored beforehand. This took all the crispness out of the crust - it was really undistinguished bread. The fondue was delicious, redolent of wine and Kirsch. I don't know why, but the cheese was \nextremely chewy - at least that forced us to eat very, very slowly. My biggest complaint is that fondue by itself is a very one-dimensional meal. While you can purchase a side salad, it seemed to me that for the price it should be included with the fondue. My final grump is that our water glasses were never refilled.\n\n     I'll repeat that this is a place you should experience for yourselves.  There's beef ($22.75) and chicken ($18.75) fondues, and a specialty dish called \La Potence\"""" ($24) which is a 10 ounce beef tenderloin flambeed tableside by the chef. The savory crepes are much less expensive, averaging about $10. One has roquefort cheese, caramelized apples and walnuts. Another has sliced sauteed potatoes with onions and bacon topped with melted Raclette cheese. Some entree salads are served in a savory crepe shell ($11.50). Simple sweet crepes average about $3.75, and there are more complex ones like Crepe Ultimate Chocolate ($8.25) with chocolate brownie, chocolate ice cream, chocolate ganache and chocolate powder. We actually were so full from our rich cheese fondue that we passed on dessert.\n\n     Maybe if I start with a dessert crepe next time I won't be so grumpy."""""""
Fast. Fast. Fast. I love this place when I'm in a hurry and don't want some extravagant massagey hour+ extravaganza. They do a perfectly adequate job, nothing stellar, and you're in and out. I don't care that they're gabbing away on their cell phones, because then they're not trying to make conversation with me.\n\nMinus a star for their faux sterilization practices. They reuse the same instruments and store them in unsealed autoclave packets, allowing them to look as if they've been sterilized. I'm not a germ phobe who frets about catching hepatitis from a nail salon, but the dishonestly behind the charade bugs me. Also, minus a star for the time I was positioned to watch one of the girls who worked there waxing her armpits behind a poorly positioned curtain. I know this experience is ghetto, but please.
Va Bene.. ahhh.. well I used to live close to here.. so if we wanted to go have wines, apps or a late dinner.. AND watch the 40+ crowd get their groove on.. this is where we would go.. bc I could walk and have some entertainment... Hey man.. sometimes it doesnt take much! \nI do like the bar...its nice with alot of good wines on the list... The bartenders have always been super sweet.. \nNOT loving much on the menu.. but I travel alot and will say my fav Italian is in the east coast.. (if not Italy itself:-) ) .. \nBut to counter the effects of a bit of wine.. Id recommend the bruschetta... patio..? Well it faces a parking lot.. but again.. some good stuff to watch going down out there.. like I said, cheap entertainment.. Ive more of a choice now that Ive moved:-)
This was a very fancy place walking in and had a very unique, neat, setup with a swanky atmosphere. After sitting down with no wait, we were waited on. The menu is not very extensive and the food was as exquisite as I had hoped. The drink selection on the other hand was not too expensive and had a large selection of cocktails, which is the reason this gets a 3 star instead of a 2 or 1 star rating. The bathroom situation was pretty confusing at first but once you understand how they work, it makes sense. The DJ played some good music and the place was nicely setup, but for food, don't expect a lot of choices.
Patio is the place to be. If you want to go eat/drink in the bar it can get pretty packed. It seems that every time I go there I have to muscle my way through the bar and struggle to find a table, or place at the bar. \n\nFood is average. I have had way better, but it goes down and taste alright. Good Mexican beer selection and margaritas( which is my main reason for visiting). They are not the best, but certainly not the worst and their happy hour prices make it more appealing. You do get chips/salsa/jalapeno bean dip which can feel you up. \n\nThey do have this taco bar. I am not sure if it is free, or really cheap but I have sat by it before and it looks pretty gross. If you want tacos get the mini taco basket. \n\nCertainly not the worst for food or drinks, but not even close to being the best.
"""Ray is an expert Italian cook (and Host) of the old school (finger to nose). Don't miss the Cannelloni or the Chicken Marsala.\n\nIt's the lobby restaurant for Days Inn (Red Roof Inn before that) on Camelback, West of 7th Ave. The room is way out of date as are the presentations, but the preparations are old-school quality at old-school prices... I ate for 3 (I wanted to taste as much as I could for this review) and my bill was $23! A bit of Hit and Miss, but the hits were HITS!\n\nFINDING THE PLACE\nLook for the \Days Inn\"""" sign North of Camelback on 7th Ave. (Otherwise, come from the East on Camelback and look for the \""""Days Inn\"""" sign before 7th Ave)\n\nRaimondo's \""""disappeared into oblivion\"""" 2 years ago to anyone but those staying at this motel (restaurant signage is non-existent) AND THE REGULARS. OH, let me tell you about THE REGULARS... There is a steady stream of regulars who all know each other and the staff by name. It seems to have become the favorite of the former clientele of Jay Newton's Beefeaters.\n\nTHE FOOD!\n--creamy chicken soup too creamy. Thickener paste too pasty. \n--Salad very crispy but was too cold. Some pieces had given in. Tomato too cold. \n \n--Cannelloni masterful. Finished in pizza oven. Worth the trip. \n--Chicken Marsala. Masterful recipe. Alcohol just peeked through and the mushrooms, parsley and drops of lemon finished it spectacularly. Worth the trip. \nToo bad the tomato sauce didn't have time to absorb those spices. It had just been started.\n\nTHE CHEF!\nChef appeared after I was enjoying my main dishes with a bucket of ice to fill the bins in front of me. He didn't say a word. Humble as ever. As I got up to leave, he was standing far on the other side of the room, but even at a distance, I could see a gleam in his eye and his smile. Of course I walked over. What a wonderful man.\n\nI can't wait to go back. Ray strikes me as the type who'd offer me an apron and let me learn a thing or two some Sunday afternoon. I would be honored.\n\nP.S. Beware of 1-star no-face/no-friends reviews.  ;)"""""""
Schedule your dentist appointment now, their sauce is sweet!!!  I have had sweet sauces before, but this one takes the cake!!! Not that it was bad tasting, but I personally think that they could reduce the sweetness and bring out some of the other flavors of the sauce.  I had the spaghetti and meatball calzone and the ingredients were delicious, but the sweet sauce seemed to over power some of the flavor.  My dining partner had the spinach special pizza and the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  We also had the bruschetta and the bread was perfectly toasted and the tomatoes, basil, and peppers were great!!!\n\nI am not the biggest fan of the sweet sauce, but If you can get by it, I recommend that you check it out.
All I've ever heard about this place is how it is the best place for pizza. I've also heard how many people wait hours just to eat here so my boyfriend and I tried going on a weekday for lunch. \n\nThere was a 30 minute wait which wasn't too bad. The service was fine but I didn't necessarily like the setup of the restaurant. I'm fine with smaller restaurants with lots of charm but our table was so close to the tables next to us it made it hard not to feel like we were sitting on top of the couple next to us. \n\nBut we came for the pizza and while it was good pizza, it is not something I would ever wait HOURS for like other reviewers mentioned! I guess after hearing  time after time that this is THE best pizza I had certain expectations and was sadly disappointed! It is worth checking out, but definitely check out a few other local places to compare.\n\nTo sum it up: good pizza, but not mindblowingly, wait for 3 hours good! I think there's a few other really great local urban pizzerias in Phoenix that I will go to over Bianco.
My first 3 star review. I usually only review a place that is exceptional or poor, but since the choices for good Chinese food are so scant in the valley, one has to make concessions.\n\nI've been here twice, the first time being told by a couple of friends how good it was, but it was rather lacking. Same as Panda Express.\n\n2nd time, much better. I asked for extra spicy and that's what I got, but the flavor wasn't compromised. Good job. Still, nothing great, but I would return since there really is nothing else around.
"""Low expectations. That's what I had when we stopped to have a bite before a movie. Not a big fan of deep dish, we were delighted to see \flat bread\"""" pizzas offered. The sausage pizza, while could have been crunchier, was quite good. Service was great considering our friend was so dehydrated from being overserved the previous evening, he must have had a dozen ice tea refills. \n\nThe ambience at these places kills me. It's like Oregano's married Cracker Barrel! There is crap all over the walls. Hey. Who's dusting this stuff anyway. I did notice quite a bit of dust and grease on the light fixture above our table. \n\nWe attempted to try the pizza place a few doors away, but they were closed. I suggested Hooter's but before I finished saying it, we all squealed in all of our gayness....\""""Ewww...boobies!\"""". So Uno it was. \n\nBut I couldn't help think of that card game Uno. Damn that's a fun game. And I also couldn't get a guy from high school outta my head. His nickname was Uno. He got it one day in the locker room after gym class. You figure it out. \n\nI'll go again if I'm ever at the AZ Center. I just might bring my Windex and Endust however."""""""
Breakfast...  a leisurely one is a great way to start a weekend.  On a recent Saturday morning, my friend and I stopped by U.S. Egg in search of a favorite breakfast indulgence - Eggs Benedict. \n\nWe were seated promptly, and our friendly waitress highly recommended both the Eggs Benedict (for me) and a slight variation, the California Benedict (including bacon and avocado), for her.  \n\nBoth dishes looked great when they arrived, and even included a nice side of hash browns.  However, the letdown was immediate when I cut in to my first egg.  The yolk was... solid!  No delightfully runny goodness to mix with the hollandaise.  My friend's eggs were overdone as well.  What happened?  My guess is the dishes sat a bit too long under a heat lamp after being plated.  So disappointing.  :(\n\nI may give U.S. Egg another try, as a number of other menu items looked tempting.  The restaurant was bright and inviting, and the service was quick and friendly.  Still, how can you serve Eggs Benedict with overcooked yolks!?
I love booze at places where there shouldn't be booze. Drinking beer at Peter Piper Pizza. Having a Bloody Mary at breakfast. Brown-bagging it at the public library (kidding?).\n\nNaturally, I should love the newly remodeled AMC Esplanade 14--and I sort of do. I've been coming here since a kid, and the old girl was starting to show her age. Thank goodness iPic rolled in to town to show everyone how it's done, and my beloved theater followed suit. The two things I love most are being able to reserve seats ahead of time (I HATE having to show up half an hour before a movie starts to get decent seats), and of course, the booze.\n\nWhy only three stars? The service and the filth. The service is iffy--we've had good and we've had God-awful. This is no iPic, which is a well-oiled machine. These are the same kids who used to just take your tickets, forced into a serving job they really don't know how to do. And then there's the filth. People were in our seats (bastards!) when we arrived, so after the staff asked them to move, we sat down. The table by my seat was all sticky, and we finally had to ask someone to wipe it down. No one came over (apparently our seat-stealers received the only visit planned for our spot), so I went to press the service button. It was covered in ketchup, so I used the sticky menu to press the button. They eventually brought our order, leaving the same roll of silverware that had been sitting there with our seat-stealers. Gross? The silverware went untouched until a server rushed by, grabbed it, and handed it to the people sitting behind us. He didn't even ask if we were going to use it (we weren't), and he never brought us another roll.\n\nGross.
I wanted this place to be good, really I did.  I got the cheese ravioli with marinara and it wasn't anything special.  Though to be fair, my favorite is the Fazoli's cheese ravioli.  \n\nIt was basically just not worth any hype that I could see.  Maybe the pizza or cream sauces are where it's at and I missed out, but unfortunately I doubt I'll be willing to try again.\n\nThe guy in charge was very friendly but it was annoying how inattentive the original waiter was especially considering how small the place is.
I went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night for wings for dinner. I was nervous getting hot wings because I don't do well with spice... I usually get wings with a sweet flavor instead of the spicy ones. But, the waitress talked me into trying the medium (after she told me that the mild wings were just basted in butter... pure lard butter...ick). So, I ate them and they actually weren't terribly hot. So, points for the waitress for talking me into trying the medium- and she even told me they'd remake them if they turned out to be too hot for me. So, this experience was a success. \n\nAlthough, the time before when I was here, I ordered a salad and I had to ask 2 different waitresses for silverware (when my friends were already eating their food) and still never got any. Had to walk up to the waitress' station myself and grab my own. \n\nI think this place is well-known enough for their wings without the gimmicky ploy to get men into the restaurant. But, it's apparently still working and the girls seem to be doing it well. So, good for them. But, because of the gimmick, this isn't somewhere where I'd love to hang out on a regular basis.
"""This is your basic, garden variety big chain hotel.  It is very convenient to a lot of restaurants and shopping, but it was hard to find, tucked back in a corner next to the highway.  They need a bigger sign!  There is a pool and a hot tub, neither of which were being utilized because I happened to be in Phoenix to experience perhaps 25% of their total annual rainfall in 2 days!  UGH.  Rain in the desert.  There's no controlling the weather.\n\nThe breakfast buffet was good, it had all the usual stuff you expect, eggs were fluffy, not hard and congealed.  Some of the bacon was crispy, and some was chewy, something for everyone.\n\nThe one very odd thing was the front desk crew on hand the first morning.  Two dudes no older than 23.  They high-fived each other twice and said stuff like \good call dude\"""", \""""way to go\"""", and they were talking about a room opening up that had 2 beds in it instead of one.  OK, maybe that's too much detail but geez guys, let's be a tiny bit more professional, ok?  When the high schoolers are running the hotel, it doesn't inspire a ton of confidence."""""""
"""I'm adding this \average\"""" review to the bevy of average reviews on this establishment. Basically it boils down to this:  if we are really hungry and in the area, we stop in. It's satisfactory, but nothing more, and sometimes less than that.\n\nWhen my father was in town visiting, we happened to be in the neighborhood around dinner time so we stopped in. He had some sort of thing that looked like a wrap but was called a \""""foccaccia\"""" that he said was \""""decent,\"""" and it had chicken and veggies in it. Not very exciting I guess. My husband had the ribs; he says that they were less than \""""ok,\"""" cooked to death with sauce slapped on them at the end.\n\nI had a bleu cheese burger that was pretty good; it was thick and juicy and I liked the homemade chips that came along with it.\n\nWe had a cute waitress that was pretty attentive, refilling our drinks in a timely fashion and checking in on us in a friendly manner on and off throughout our visit. \n\nThe rating of 3 stars, \""""A-Ok\"""" fits this place perfectly."""""""
My girlfriend and I purchased the Travelzoo with lunch . I live down the street and frequent many spas but had not yet had the pleasure of using the spa at the Westin. We arrived this past Sunday and were a little disappointed in this spa. We arrived and when we checked in they wanted to know at that time when we wanted to eat and where. The where was either outside by the pool in 115 plus degree temp or in the shade in 115 degrees. The other choice was 1 table inside their retail area. This was odd as we did not want to eat outside and when it was time for us to eat, someone was using the lone table and they ended up bringing in a table from outside for us. They did not even try to wipe it down and it was obviously dirty. This all happened before our services. We were suddenly not as excited about our spa day and I think it effected my opinion of the massage. During most massages that I have received, my feet ,hands and scalp are all massaged. None of these areas was touched and  while the rest of the massage was ok. It only lasted 45 minutes. The price of the travelzoo was comparable to most others and i will not be back.
My favorite thing about this Tokyo Express is that when I see it from my car, I know I have almost arrived to El Molino, which is right around the corner. \n\nOh, so back to the point, Tokyo Express is ok. I mean, I guess you have to be really trying to screw up a chicken teriyaki bowl, but the mere fact that they have the wherewithal to identify that as their specialty scores them some points so far as I'm concerned. \n\nAs for the sushi, I haven't gone there, but I have a sneaking feeling that I don't want to. I haven't heard anything to support or contradict that sentiment, I'm just being honest. I feel like ordering sushi here would be the equivalent of ordering beef tar tare at McDonald's. They carry the ingredients, but I wouldn't recommend it. \n\nFor a quick chicken teriyaki bowl and a soda for less than eight bucks, look no further.
I decided to give Benihana a try for my birthday this year, just last week.  Since the boyfriend and I decided to go on Super Bowl Sunday after the game ended, we expected a crowd.  To our surprise, the restaurant was virtually empty with just one other table occupied.  We therefore had the entire hibachi/tepanyaki table to ourselves!  It was fun, and the fact that it was just the two of us sped up dinner service considerably.  I ordered Benihana rolls as an appetizer; they were basically tasty California rolls, loosely packed but a real bargain at only $4.75.  For my entree, I went with the Hibachi scallops.  Now unlike Kyoto (the Japanese restaurant I usually hit up on my birthday), there are not a whole lot of veggies prepared as sides with your entree.  In a way, that was a good thing, because I didn't waste any food.  I got a ton of scallops, and I took home what I couldn't finish.  It was great value for the price!  Still, my chef was not Asian and the emptiness of the restaurant did make it feel a little weird.  Perhaps I'll add a star when I update my review after the next visit...
"""The Tavern is acceptable, but it's a hop and a skip from Rula Bula, where I can get a boxty with my Guinness, or Cafe Boa where I can drink from one of those goofy Stella goblets with my pinky extended.  I come here with friends really.  This is not \my  place.\""""  They do however have these awesome aluminum shelves that rest just above the urinals which I'm sure would be a delightful place to snort your coke from.  I'll give it a star just for that! One time, a friend of mine decided that for her birthday she would moon everyone who came to hang out with her.  She wasn't kicked out, so hey, that has to be worth something right?"""""""
"""There is a new IHOP on Baseline Road near Val Vista, and that is what I am reviewing. Same menu as every other IHOP and, since it is new, it was a bit crowded and understaffed on a recent Sunday morning (around 10). We were told the wait for two would be 15 minutes. It was 30. OK, we can live with that. We were escorted to a table on the patio. Suddenly the hostess stops and says, \Well, there was a table.\"""" She was looking at a mature couple browsing menus. \""""Was that supposed to be our table?\"""" I said. She nodded. The patio happens to be in front and if you open the gate, you can head right in and easily bypass the hostess station inside. So we had been table-jacked. OK, it happens. But the staff did nothing but escort us back inside and thank us for our patience. When we were seated 10 minutes later (after a few groups were seated ahead of us), we waited another 5 minutes for a server, and another 10 minutes elapsed before she returned with coffee and to take our order. We got out of there at around 11:30. Ninety minutes for breakfast. OK, it happens. But not once did anyone come by to apologize, or offer us free muffins or something. Nor did they approach the couple behind the table-jacking (meaning they waited 0 minutes for breakfast, compared to our 40 by playing by the rules).  So no, we won't be back. We will happily return to JP's Pancakes just across the way, a smaller, more personable place. And their baked pancakes really are excellent and worth the 20-minute wait."""""""
"""The place:\nNon-descript strip mall location (why do all little ethnic places seem to occupy these out of the way locations?).  The inside is basically a few tables and a counter.  If I recall there was a TV on the wall?\n\nThe food:\nI tried the fantastic goat curry and was very pleased with the flavor and quantity.  As the side I ordered the fried plantains which were also quite good.  The \spicy\"""" rice was a little salty but good to soak up the curry sauce.\n\nThe bottom line:\nI would highly recommend the place if you'd like a taste of the Caribbean."""""""
I'm kind of in the middle with BJs Brewery I like to go here for lunch every once in a while. Overall the atmosphere is what tends to bring me back its very inviting and relaxing. The food is good I really enjoy their Santa Fe spring rolls as an appetizer, the pizzas are always up to par and lets not forget their skookie they have for dessert yumm!!!  I also love that they have pear cider on tap here where many other places I'm lucky if they serve it at all. Overall its worth stopping in and giving it a try.
"""authentic? i couldn't say. better selection than new england offers? definitely. okay so maybe that's not a high compliment for a mexican grill in the heart of the southwest, but after a very long day of walking around I stopped in (lone woman too) was quickly seated and served so fast i actually told the waitress \don't worry there's no rush\"""".  i got a green corn tamale which i've never had (and i do consider myself well traveled in the food world) and some really fresh chunky salsa that i downed in about a minute. refried beans and rice were very standard and not worth the extra money ($1.75 EACH) to add on to the $5 tamale, but what the hell. \n\ni've had hundreds of sopapillas in my life and i've never seen the type of sopapilla i was served for dessert, so i'm sort of at a loss for words on that. except of course that it could have used a lot more honey and powdered sugar. \n\nfor me this was the best option in a neighborhood of uno's, hooters, and other generic american bar food. mi amigo's was just what i was looking for."""""""
On arrival (monday 5:30pm) the place was about 80% empty. We were greeted at our table with a large bowl of tortilla chips and a small bowl of decent salsa. The chips were probably warmed but from last night - more than a hint of staleness. We waited about 15 min from order to delivery of our meal.\n\nI had the chicken fajitas and lemonade. There was a huge portion of rice and a decent portion of grilled chicken strips, with lettuce, cheese, diced tomatoes, and sour cream on a side plate along with a rolled tortilla. Everything was decent. The service was very good. I would give the meal several points above frozen food but not as good as many other places I have had chicken fajitas at. For this meal I would give the food a 3-star and the service a 4-star. The cost was very reasonable. For one drink, 2 refills, good service with Fajitas I escaped for around $18.  Will I go back again? Yes!  Check out the menu online before you go.\n\nThis place is in the far east end of the scottsdale 101 mall.
"""It's pretty cool that you get to make your very own special rolls, with toppings & sauces and you get to make a \meal\"""" out of your personal order. However, the price is a little steep for this \""""fast food\"""" environment! For prices like this, I expect a server, a menu and a little more atmosphere then their \""""subway\"""" look. Toppings are priced as add on's so be sure you know what you're getting & be clear on the added price of each topping. Other than that, it's a pretty cool place, I would visit it again IF I had too."""""""
"""This is one of the nice parks in Phoenix, with the lake, tennis courts, covered play area w/spray pads, the rides and the groundskeepers.  The landscaper (DB) seems to love his job and trims those trees beautifully.  I don't know what's going on with the \people\"""" hauling in bags of bird food, causing a huge plume of dust and feathers, and birds landing on PICNIC tables, for feces to drop everywhere.\n\nAnywaaaay, $3 for a 3 minute ride on the train?  Isn't that a little steep, for EACH person in your party?  I don't think that ride is even 3 minutes long.  Plus it's not open but on the weekends?"""""""
I was lured here by the good yelp reviews.\n\nHusband and I got the sashimi plate to test its fish quality. Salmon and tuna were good, but not great because the pieces were not thawed properly when served. The other types of fish - yellow tail, mackerel, white fish - were too fishy and chewy. Husband didn't quite like the octopus and squid because of the texture. We didn't finish all the sashimi.\n\nI got an eel roll. It fell apart. It didn't pass my rice test.\n\nGood as a neighborhood sushi place. But not worth the drive from Tempe.
"""Lasagna entree - $15\nBottle of meritage - $32\nTiramasu - $6\nSmelling cigar smoke, hearing a car alarm, and listening to somebody with whooping cough - Priceless\n\nWhere's the half-star when you really need it?! Veneto is stuck in the middle, between 3 and 4. So, do I round up or round down? Such a tough decision. I can't rate this 5 like other people, for I did not think the food was 5-star worthy. However, based on other factors, the rating of this place deserves more than 3 stars... yet doesn't quite reach 4. Allow me to explain. \n\nAtmosphere is 2-star worthy. Sure, sitting on their patio, tucked in the corner, makes for an intimate time with your date. Unless, of course, a car alarm goes off or you have to deal with a person coughing one of those rib-rattling coughs. You know the kind. Not to mention, people standing outside the \Veneto patio perimeter\"""" to talk loudly on their cell phones. However, inside the patio, patrons were respectable. The occasional loud, inebriated table does not a bad experience make. \n\nPrice deserves 5 stars. With two entrees and a fantastic dessert, price came to $45. That's pretty great for two people. Throw in a bottle of wine, though, and you're looking at an $80 tab, before tip, which means you're really looking at a $100 tab (atleast), for service definitely deserves a generous gratutity!\n\nService definitely deserves 5 stars. Our waiter was top-notch. Very conversational, friendly, professional and attentive. He recommended a bottle of wine that would suit both a meat-focused entree (lasagna), as well as a fish dish. The wine - lyreth meritage from Sonoma - was smooth, silky and a perfect dance partner to both our dishes. \n\nDessert deserves 4 stars. Never before had my date seen Tiramasu served with two sauces on top. It's almost like the piece itself was divided into two tiny countries. One sauce was chocolate. The other was espresso-based. I could have just had spoonfuls of the latter and been quite content. However, the tiramasu was heavenly. \n\nDecor deserves a 3, I think. Especially since the music they played didn't match the intimate and unique dining experience they offer here. It was too pop-ish and loud, even from sitting outside. When my date and I excused ourselves to the lavatories, we noticed semi-guady decor, high-back booths, rich creams and rubies throwing themselves against the walls. It wasn't a stomach-turning touch. Just a bit over done. A simple, clean layout would have done wonders for this place. Not to mention maybe a more subtle bar - without a blaringly bright TV set. \n\nFood deserves 3 stars. It doesn't deserve any more than that. At least not the entrees we had. My date had the special, which came with mussels, crab meat, salmon, etc. in a pasta bowl with a damn fine light and flavorful sauce. I ordered the lasagna, which was a generous portion. Upon first bite, I couldn't place the taste. I had had it before! Given some time, I realized why I felt like this lasagna could be a new comfort food. It reminded me of when I was 8 and my mom would make me Chef Boyardee ravioli. The meat sauce of this lasagna tasted just like the ravioli sauce I used to love as a child. But, let's face it, I didn't go to Veneto to satisfy my 8-year-old self. I came to impress my adult self and enjoy a lovely night out with a wonderful man. My date even said later that it did, in fact, taste like the canned ravioli. He just didn't want to say anything at dinner for concern of insulting me or the lasagna. (Poor lasagna...)\n\nHaving eaten at Veneto this past weekend, I sit here and reflect upon the place. While there, I definitely thought this was a 4 star place. Now, however, I can't convince myself that I would ever go back. And I reserve 4 and 5 stars for places that hook me, that become places I crave, places I want to experience again and again... as well as places that leave a lasting impression. To me, Veneto's lasting impression expired Saturday at the stroke of midnight.\n\nOver all, I think Veneto is a great place to dine. Don't get me wrong. This place is a hidden gem, for the service, the price and the overall experience make this place worthwhile. Just don't expect an \""""Oh My God\"""" moment from your food... or expect to dine in peace from the noise of street traffic, car alarms and awful music."""""""
Unlike other reviewers, I'm not on a first-name basis with the owners/employees.\n\nWe started with the spiced nuts (great) and the rock shrimp (average).  The shrimp seemed like a well prepared version of a TGIF appetizer.  Not particularly thoughtful or memorable.\n\nNext we had the asparagus (great) and the mozzarella (odd).  The asparagus was a great marriage of its ingredients, whereas the mozzarella left me thinking that the whole was much less than the parts.  The leeks, mozzarella, bread crumbs and fried egg didn't really complement each other.  The ingredients were each good, but the combination was, well, boring.\n\nFor entrees we had the bass and the chicken.  The sauce for the bass was great, but the fish itself wasn't noteworthy.  The chicken was tender, but I had to cut back on the skin as the rub was extremely salty.  The veggies (leeks and fava beans) that came with the chicken were great.\n\nFor dessert we had the chocolate mint creme brulee and butterscotch pudding.  The creme brulee was a mistake, as all subtlety was lost in the dish.   I wish they'd been serving a traditional creme brulee that night.  The butterscotch pudding was the highlight of the night.  The flavor was deep and complex and not overly sweet.  It was the best pudding I have ever had.\n\nThe service was solid.  We arrived for our reservation on time, and were immediately seated.  I liked how different members of the wait staff checked on us throughout the night, not just our assigned waitress.\n\nThe food was good but not great.  I appreciate that they use sustainable ingredients.  However, when you make a menu that small (the items I mentioned above represent nearly half the menu), there is little room for error.  When I factor in the steep price, I don't expect to be dining at FnB again, even for a special occasion.
Nice to see something living at the dying but not quite dead Town and Country.  Went to Trader Joes, stopped by Cypress for lunch.  It was just ok. Friendly service.  Competent but nothing outstanding that is for certain.  Had the Gyro dinner with the greek fries, not bad, pretty tasty.  Rice was bland, skipped that.  Also had the greek salad, average.  My coke was nice and fizzy, not flat.  I look for that too by the way.  I preferred it better there when it was a coffee shop so long ago.  But it is good to see some life there and people eating outside.  May go back, but never out of my way for the Cyprus Grill.  I can still see the ghost of Juttenhoops  in the corners of my eyes though.
I have been on a mission of sorts to find the best fry bread in the city. This wasn't it, unfortunately. The owners were nice but not too upbeat. The restaurant itself is in a small plaza that is easy to miss when driving by (I know because I've driven by it about 100 times and never noticed it). The interior of Sacred Hogan is a bit run down but appears to be pretty clean. \n\nI ordered red chili beef stew with plain fry bread. The serving size was fine, but a bit expensive for what it was. I felt like the stew was something I could make at home and probably with more flavor. The fry bread was ok but greasier and chewier than I like.\n\nI might go back to try the tacos or burgers, but I won't be in a hurry to do so.
The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good and I would have it again but the Pepperoni Pizza we had was a soggy greasy mess that we couldn't finish. I don't know if it wasn't cooked long enough or what but my wife and daughter both tried to pick up a piece and eat it and had grease running down their arms. I had to take napkins and mop all the grease off the top of the pizza which was better but didn't fix how soggy the crust was from the grease. You had to eat it with a fork because it was too soggy to pick up.\n\nDidn't really get to enjoy the pizza so we didn't get a real feel for how it tasted.
"""It's a pretty airport. But it's pretty spread out. Maybe it's just the US Airways gates or something ... I don't like how both times I went through here on my connecting flights I had the walk of justice to get from one gate to another on the same airline, 1.5 hours apart. I don't even have that problem at ATL.\n\nAlso - I can never hear when their employees speak over the loud speaker. It's supposed to be LOUD isn't it? I always stop and think, \are they talking to me?\"""" You never know what they are saying.\n\nI haven't had a problem with any delays or cancellations or anything. I just don't like the layout."""""""
Yes, they are in business, to generate a profit.\nYes, they have to pay rent.\nYes, they have to pay utilities.\nYes, the have to make payroll.\nYes, they pay taxes.\n\nYou will pay an upcharge, over the shippers' posted rates.\nWhy ???  FOR THE CONVIENCE. Plus to cover the above expenses.\n\nIf thats a problem, then drive to the UPS Terminal inTempe.\nRound trip, in gasoline alone, probably $6.\n\nIf you're returning a package, with the destination paying for shipping, apply their label .... and drop it off .... its FREE.\nThey'll even give you a reciept showing, they accepted your package.\nMake sure, you ask for that receipt.