I have to say I love most things about Sprouts and especially this particular store, it's clean & has a nice selection of environmentally thoughtful & healthier products. I know you might hear a BUT coming & unfortunately there is. On our last trip there we discovered that in the bulk section, some of the foods are made with partially hydrogenated oils!!!!! That is a definite fail in that area! Sprouts can have good deals but because of the specialty items they carry... you can walk out of there spending a pretty penny. I am not complaining about that. BUT again we did not expect that at this kind of store we would have to think twice about looking for trans fat in their products. We will always shop there so it's not a deal breaker... just a let down. :( Maybe that is something that could be fixed?
Its nice to support the locals vs the big chains, however some times its a trade off. \n\nIt was nice to get free won ton chips at the table.  The upgrade to brown rice is a bit steep however at $1.\n\nThe dishes them self were decent but nothing too impressible and when you ask for hot sauce you get a small dish of chilli oil, hardly enough for a true fire head. \n\nIf you are in the area give it a try, but don't drive too far you will be just as happy or happier at a peiwei for about the same price.
Went for a quick lunch on a Friday after reading some of the glowing reviews here. \n\nI liked the ambiance. The smell of the open pecan wood fire lent a 'campfire-y' feeling to the dark place.\n\nI got a Carne Adovada Burrito with red and green sauce. The burrito was pretty good, but not the best I've ever eaten. The meat was great - a far cry from the typical dog-food flavored mass that is typically served at most mexican restaurants. I'd have liked to taste some more of the smoky flavor from the pecan wood, though.\n\nThe beans and rice that came on the side were entirely forgettable. In fact, the beans seemed like your typical watery, canned pinto beans.\n\nI didn't think that the burrito was really worthy of its $12 price. I'm willing to pay that for a great burrito, but it just didn't quite rise to that amount. It was maybe a $9 burrito.\n\nThe service was really good. The wait staff was responsive and the food was served up quick and hot..
I brought a bridesmaids dress for a wedding I'm in next month here to see about getting it let out, as it was too small, in addition a polo that I just needed the hem shortened on. Got the details for the shirt worked out easy peasy, but the dress had some issues. She said that it was too small on me to let out, and the ONLY thing possible to do was to do a corset back. Because I didn't want me dress to be obviously different than the other girls' in the party, I asked her a few times if that was the absolute only option, and they said yes. I also needed a cocktail length, which they said would be an additional $40. Defeated, I took it all in and they had me to take the dress with me so that I could pick up the extra satin for the corset back. Luckily, I got a second opinion and went with a shop that was able to let out the dress without doing a corset back, but I picked up my shirt which was done very well. \n\nIf I was in a bind and had an item or two I needed a quick fix on,  I'd come back here, but not sure if I would recommend it to others.
I appreciate the indoor-outdoor appeal of Chelsea's.  It's a little hard to hear if you sit inside, but that just means you can turn your attention to the patio. \n\nI've never loved anything I've ordered, but I have been more than once, so you know the food is still pretty good. Albeit spendy. \n\nChelsea's is one of those places where you can take your parents and your dad will feel comfortable because he recognizes things on the menu, or you can meet your girlfriends for happy hour and everyone will be at peace in their cute shoes sipping cocktails.\n\nLet this place help you make the most of our glorious spring!
This place is adequate, and I like the huge iced teas, but the food is nothing special.  Everything is okay, and because it's so close I wound up eating at Tee Pee several times in the past few months-----but then I just stopped, because you can find better Senoran Mexican food than this.  The service is usually fantastic, and a lot of people must apparently like the vibe (bar?), but there are many mom and pop Mexican places in Phoenix that have superior flavors to this.  I've tried just about everything, but when you pay $11 and you just can't seem to find one menu item that rocks, you move on.
We thought the food was good and the atmosphere was great.  I thought the prices were a bit much for what you got.  I ordered the breakfast buffet for $20, it consisted of an omelette bar, yogurt-tini's, sausage, bacon, scrambled eggs, and some breads.  For a LOT less you get a LOT more at other places, but then again you're at the Biltmore.  The seating is very cool, lots of different set-ups, they even have a table in its own private glassed in room.  Service was nothing to write home about, I think our water was filled once after sitting empty for some time.  If you order coffee they give you a pot.
Ooh Z Pizza, I really really want to love you but you forgot one of the most important features of my dinner!\n\nLast Friday my boyfriend and I had a date night which included ordering in and watching the Olympics!  We ordered a pepperoni pizza for him and a California salad with chicken for myself.  I loved that we could order on line and choose our pick up time.  When I got to Z Pizza they promptly took our pizza out of what appeared to be a warming oven and then took my salad out of the fridge.  I really hope they hadn't been warming since I sent the order over an hour before.  \n\nI got home and was VERY disappointed that they forgot to add the grilled Chicken to my salad.  I think it was something like a $4 up charge to add the grilled chicken and there was definitely NO chicken on my salad.  BOO!\n\nAs for the pizza, my boyfriend enjoyed and commented that it definitely had its own unique flavor.  \n\nI anticipate that we may return but I guess I will have to check my salad before I drive home...
"""Sauce is A~OK with a solid 3 star rating because the service is excellent their turkey and feta salad is amazing but their pizza is unique and just OK at best.  My son and bride would give them a 4 or 5 star rating for their salads and mac~n~cheese, but since this my review and I eat pizza, they are a 3 stars.  They are conveniently located in the Norterra Shopping area making this place a go to prior to catching a movie or doing some shopping.\n\nWe found it best to go when they are having their special (1 pizza, 2 drinks and a salad for $20) and it is a really good deal. The turkey and feta salad with turkey, feta, corn, cucumber, tomato, avocado & almonds is one of the best salads I've had at a pizzeria. They also have a new, very tasty Chicken, Spinach & Apple salad with gorgonzola and candied walnuts.  Yum!  Again my son says their mac~n~cheese is awesome and we like their little bread roles.\n\nWe've tried almost all of their pizzas and you would think having a name like \Sauce\"""" and advertising pizza as your specialty this would imply they have amazing pizza sauce.  But no, it's average tasting at best and there's barely any of it (sauce that is) or toppings on their pies.  There crust is good providing it's not burnt.  We've had to send a few back due to severe \""""char~age\"""" around the edges.  Don't get me wrong, it's decent pizza and the crust is surprisingly good for being so thin, but still I could go to Barro's and get a more filling pizza that tastes just as good for the money. \n\nThe service was great. It's one of those places that you go in, order at the register, pay and then pick a table, sit down and wait for your food to be brought to you.  Our food usually comes out quickly, so we are very happy with the service and can plan to see a movie after wards. \n\nGreat place to go for the value if they are having their special!"""""""
Have always liked the food here but that's not everything. We were told it would be a 30 minute wait for 5 but we could go next door. However no one explained that meant an entirely different menu. We eventually were moved back to this location.  Very unaccommodating with young children. No high chairs, no straws, and $3 for a glass of milk. Wait staff was not very personable and seemed not to want to be bothered. Just not worth spending the money to be treated like an inconvenience. The host/manager was very nice and helpful though and the food is still good.
"""I wouldn't go here. In fact, I looked into attending Ai of Phoenix for a graphic design degree and decided it was not the path I needed (or wanted). The decision came, though, after a couple months of trying to sort things out with them. I applied. I met with a career counselor. I had to submit some more paperwork. I went on a tour. I then was sent to meet a financial adviser, who had to be barely 18. That's when I realized that the majority of these students were young, inexperienced and knew to college life. I, on the other hand, already had a degree. I was looking to combine my past experience with a design degree to enhance my career. \n\nI also realized Ai isn't willing to working with professional students. They don't take into consideration your work schedule as much as they should, especially if they want to appear accommodating and understanding to students who are truly committed to going to Ai. Case in point: In order to get the \a-ok\"""" to take only 9 credit hours a semester, I would have had to get the permission of the Graphic Design Faculty Advisor - or something. Ai really pushes a full-time schedule on its students, even if they offer evening classes. Silly. \n\nPlus, I didn't like being treated like an idiot. I mean, do I have to tell you over and over again that I already have a degree, that I know what to expect from paperwork and financial aid? Can you not see I'm annoyed at some 18 year-old who can't operate a computer to tell me what my cost would be per semester? Can you not tell I'm irked when I make known I'm on my lunch break, and I'm told it'll be another hour before we're finished? I don't like somebody wasting my time. True, I can be impatient. But this was ridiculous.\n\nThat's when I decided this place wasn't for me. Sure, I've heard great things about it, but the people who have gone here have told me I could have gotten a comparable degree and built a better portfolio somewhere else. \n\nEnough said."""""""
"""So I went there again (I was going to see Harry Potter okay!?) and the Yellowtail Sashimi was great as well as a simple, but tasty, Caterpillar Roll.\n\nHow can it be so awful one day, and decent the next? \n\nPerhaps it's the people actually preparing the food! Taste what comes out of the kitchen if you own this place...fire the people who can't hack it.\n\nAlso, once again - The servers were dicks.\n\nI notice MANY of the people that love this place are into the \fried\"""" this and the \""""tempura\"""" that, or worse yet...Teriyaki Chicken. \n\nWord to the wise, if you want a Traditional Sushi experience i.e. - Raw Fish --- this might not be your best bet."""""""
I had a pleasant experience with a few friends in the outdoorish area of The Vig, but if it weren't for the good company and the hip, open-air atmosphere, I probably wouldn't have been as pleased. \n\nThe Pad Thai was mediocre (Imagineer that... Pad Thai at an American restaurant was sub-par? Shocking.) But actually, I feel like it was our fault for not figuring that out prior to ordering it. The deconstructed fish tacos were satisfactory, but somewhat bland. Also, I'm not so sure how keen I am on assembling my own food. I probably would have stayed home if I was in the mood for a good assembly session. My food-cracker friend loved her kid's mac 'n' cheese, although any person with an eight-year old's taste buds would. The highlight of all of our meals was probably the side of sweet potato fries that came with a burger. I may have stuffed a few in my fish tacos. Next time, I'll probably just order a platter of fries and call it a meal.
My friend and I went for breakfast.\nI got a bran muffin, potato cake and a little box of treats to go.\n\nThe muffin was fabulous. Normally, I would feel ripped off for what I spent on it, but they use local eggs and honey and I like supporting that. The texture was good, not dry the way bran muffins are and it had just the right amount of dried fruit tidbits.\n\nThe potato cake was eh.. For the price ($6 if i remember but definately around five bucks) it was tiny, about the size of a deck of cards. In a potato pancake, i want a crispy outside and fluffy innards, but this had neither. Big disapointment.\n\nI don't remember what my friend ordered but she felt it was overpriced. \n\nI gave the take home box of treats to my sweetie after stealing the chocolate cookie. The cookie was good, but not chocolatey enough for the name they pinned on it. My boy said that none of the cookies were as good as anything his mom makes and i have to agree. For a place with bakery in the title, they need some decent baked goods.
3.5 stars...\n\n**Great value for the $$ during Happy Hour**\n\nFirst visit to Primebar for HH, and I have to say that their HH has some of the great deals! Especially for the $5 appetizers, which was 50% off from the regular menu, good portion and delicious! Four of us sampled out the mini burgers, BBQ chicken flat bread, steak quesadilla, and the calamari. I especially like the flat bread and the quesadilla, so good!!! However, didn't really like the calamari as it was arrived kinda cold and the outside breading was kinda soggy. \n\nThe pitfall - music was too loud. I mean, it was really loud that I had to scream to my friends although we were like 3ft away...
My niece want to go here for her birthday, on a Friday night.  The wait was about 30 min.  \n\nThe onion blossom was not as crispy as I remember but still pretty good. Its horseradish sauce was stronger than I expected.  I had to ask for a side of ketchup.  \n\nMy steak was cooked as ordered (medium rare) but lacked taste somehow; the lobster tail was grilled right.  The steak of my niece was on the dry side (overcooked). My daughter's steak was as she liked it (medium rare).\n\nFor dessert, we shared a gigantic scoop of ice cream and whipped cream and an Oreo waffle with more ice cream and whipped cream.  We couldn't finish.\n\nThe service was good. Our waitress was very friendly.
Watch some football with a pint and a plate of chips\n\nWas directed here by a British friends for its authenticity.  It is nice to actually encounter a Brit at a pub, this one is English owned and operated, excellent.\n\nThe beer selection is not the finest picks, but a good average English medley.  The food, I had the fish and chips, was served in large portions and pretty good.  I also had a choice of which kind of fish you'd like.  Is it just me or is ordering fish in a non-seafood focused restaurant in AZ feel like gambling?\n\nAll in all, I had a nice time.  If you are a Brit looking for some tones of home, go, if you are from anywhere else and have visited England and want to reminisce, I'd recommend it.
I came here while visiting, and I must say, this is a charming, well-priced, boars head meat-stocked place to have lunch.  Patrons ranged from nearby office workers to teenagers.  \n\nI ordered up a Doughboy on sourdough based on a recommendation and was slightly disappointed.  The amount of meat and cheese they topped it with were inadequate, and their inability to offer real avocado on their sandwiches (instead of the pathetic spread they use instead) was rather disheartening. That being said, the macaroni salad was decent, but nothing special.  At least my chips and drink turned out how I had hoped for.\n\nAll in all, I appreciate the spirit and friendliness of the lovely people who own and operate Cheese 'n Stuff and what they try to do.  However, I would not come back here for anything other than to say 'Hi'.
I am waiting in this Starbucks for my friend to finish a conference call so we can go have some shopping time and relax later by the pool. Yes, I am on vacation and I have my work laptop and I really may never be really really on vacation because there is always something to finish, just one more thing, and if I go and do it I won't have to do it later. Enough about me. \n\nThis Starbucks is near the downtown and near the metro rail line. There are about 30 seats inside and 30 outside, which now is great because it si about 70 degrees outside. I imagine from May to November the outside seats are insufferably hot. I got adequate service here, the coffee is the coffee. \n\nI can feel shane m.'s pain because I was a Starbucks supervisor back in the day too. This place passes at this moment, but you can catch the wrong partner at the wrong time and Boom! One star. \n\nI will come back here if I am ever nearby when I need a SBUX fix.
I think Zipps is alright. I fully remember this being the only decent restaurant near where I lived in North Scottsdale, so it was this or nothing.\n\nFood here is good, though they messed up my order and put sour cream on it...ew. But that's a common error, whatever.\n\nI'm not really a fan of sports, and it was loud in here, (which is to be expected), so that's not particularly my taste. However, I found it to be staffed with friendly people, which brings it from 2 to 3 stars in my book.
A buddy of mine takes me to this place for dinner, usually, and once for breakfast. It's an interesting place. As others have noted, be prepared to wait a while for service and don't be afraid to go get your waiter if you're feeling abandoned. Also, there may be a wait for a table, and the environment is loud, so be prepared to shout a bit if it's busy. \n\nThey have beer-tasting on certain nights. I did not partake, but my Dad (who was visiting AZ) did. The food varies in quality (or perhaps just varies in quality of recipe?). My Orange Table friend and I shared a 'special' pork chop dish, and that was pretty blah. However, I highly recommend their grilled cheese sandwich on some sort of yummy bread (the lower end cheese sandwich ~ I have yet to try the fancy one). \n\nAs for breakfast, I don't recall it being particularly spectacular, but I think it was better than your average diner breakfast. I may have to go back to try again... The flavored iced coffee seems very evil and full of calories, but it is really quite good. That did stand out!\n\nOrange Table is recommended if you want a place to chill and chat with your friends. Just try to find out what others are eating so that you pick something good from the menu. : )
Been here once. Had fun.\n\nSimple enough, right? Well, yes. I can't comment on the splash part, for I only played one round of mini-golf. That one round was incredibly fun. As for the actual place that one round of golf was played... Well, it was okay. I don't know what I expected, but perhaps a better manicured mini-golf green? Maybe. Perhaps I expected somebody at the counter to help us without having to buzz them a trio of times. \n\nAll in all, 3 stars because I've only been there once. With the right company, this place could be the perfect combination of goofy fun and mad skill, yo. (I got a hole-in-one at the first hole!)
I came here because I wanted some pizza and I was hungry. Settled on a salad and a margarita pizza. \n\nThe salad was intimidating because it came in a bowl. The next thing that came was the margarita pizza. It arrived a little different that I was expecting. Most pizzas come on the tray it was cooked on sort of. Well at least the size of tray it was made on. You know the standard metal pizza pan. Instead the pizza came on a round rack on top of the pizza tray.\n\nThen while trying to grab a piece of pizza I thought it wasn't cut all the way though. It look a while to figure out the pizza wasn't cut traditionally. it was cut every which way. The pizza was good, but it doesn't compare to my favorite pizza place. Some of the pizza didn't have topping on it. it was odd too because there wasn't a lot of cheese on it. There also wasn't a lot of sauce.\n\nI liked the crust of the pizza because it was crunchy and not soggy. I think I'd try some other pizza if I did go back. It was good, but I'd try something else. \n\nThere was gelato there. I ordered two scoops vanilla and then one scoop dark chocolate. The dark chocolate was good. The vanilla was a bit sweet for me.
"""Frank & Lupe's is like the melding of two worlds. Good ol' America and Mexico, you're thinking, huh? Not exactly. I'm talking about one world with good service and another world with not-so-good service. Which world you land in, and, thus, the type of service you receive depends solely on you.\n\nI've been to Frank & Lupe's maybe four or five times. Once was a visit to the Santos Lounge portion of the property. You can read up on that venture on your own. All other times, except once, I've been drawn to the backyard patio. This is Scottsdale, after all, and great weather demands that we remain outdoors to celebrate it. The problem is that the patio is found in the world of not-so-good service.\n\nFrank & Lupe's tends to draw large groups. Many times, those groups are made up of tourists. Being tourists, they usually want to sit outside because they are from far off places where \outside\"""" is no farther away than the garage. That's okay. But be prepared for a bit of a wait while said tourists stretch out and make this place their own. You should also be prepared for the somewhat frenetic pace that comes when servers wait on large groups --- especially large groups of tourists. It can be dizzying. Or, maybe it was the hunger that was making me dizzy.\n\nServers will come and go. They'll go to other tables. They will eventually come to your table and take your order. It is done with a smile and friendly feel. But then they will go to other tables and leave you with an empty glass and a mouth dry from the basket of chips you gorged on. A possible solution might be to order one of those beer buckets. Another solution is to snag a table inside where the world of good service is to be found.\n\nAfter always venturing to the patio and always receiving sub-par service, I figured it was time to try inside. What a difference it made. We were seated and waited on immediately and proceeded to get the greatest service I had ever had at Frank & Lupe's. I never got his name, but I think he works behind the bar sometimes. So efficient was the service that we were wiping our mouths and settling the tab before we even made a dent in the night. A stroll through the galleries during Art Walk helped take care of that, though.\n\nThe bottom line here is that the food is pretty good and the service is great ... or not so great, depending on your chosen world."""""""
Went to check it out last Sat night on a whim. Didn't have reservations, so had to wait 15min, not a big deal, hung out and played with gadgets in the Apple store across the way.  they have a cool text feature when your table is ready. (i love this!)  The restaurant is flanked by two large patios with comfy looking seating.  We opted for inside, brrrr...too cold out for me!  It is pretty loud inside acoustically, but I like the open concept.  Giant square bar in front of the open kitchen,  very modern, clean lines, crisp green nature accents alongside toffee colored woods and surrounded by giant sliding door/windows. \n\nWe started out with the shrimp dumplings. They were surprisingly good. 4 juicy dumplings, nice ginger flavor-very light, the wonton skin was tender and better than I expected it would be. (I'd hope so for $11!) Comes in a nice subtle broth with some asian veggies and fresh shiitake mushrooms. I just have to keep reminding myself that we are not in LA :(  \n\nAlso had the 'chicken noodle soup' with it's slightly asian influence being that the soup itself has a 'hot and sour' note to it.  It was decent. The noodles in it did remind me of campbells soup in a thin and overcooked way. \n\nI had the Panang chicken curry....MMMMM YUMMMMY!  I love this dish!  It comes in a big white bowl with a very soupy, tamer version on 'Panang' but I still love it.  (even for $15) Has the normal root veggies, and still has a kick that creeps up on you a little at the end, but not too spicy by any means. It comes with brown rice that needs to be dug out of the bottom of the bowl. (they provide you with a spoon for this) I wish they would put a touch more rice in it.  The curry-to-rice-ratio is a little off.  I would come back and eat this for sure...\n\nSignificant other (S.O.)  had the salmon with lemon salad.  Salmon, (so-so) lacked a little flavor and was a bit boring. The lemon salad and red quinoa (the sides) got eaten first. Salad was small, bright, lemony, speckled with diced beets. My S.O. doesn't usually like quinoa and he ate every last speck of it.  They know how to cook it here.  Now he is asking why I don't make it at home haha. \n\nDessert. Apple cranberry crumble with maple ice cream.  It was a-okay.  I am very picky when it comes to desserts. Apples, cranberry, and some granola-y topping with some ice cream on top...it got eaten because it wasn't super rich and heavy, and it was nice and warm!\n\nService-This is probably one of the first times I've ever been to a FRC restaurant (especially a new one) and the service wasn't spot on.  Our server was a little slow on timing. We almost skipped dessert because we were wondering if we wanted to stay another 30+ minutes. Well, we did get it and we did end up staying later. No ice tea refill for my S.O. until dessert and forever to get the check....etc. just little things like that. nothing major, but still! I definitely will think twice about heading to True Food if I want a quick meal!
I've been going to Mama Mias for years now.  The lunch special is what I almost always get seems how I go during my lunch break.  $3.50 for two slices of pizza and a drink.  \n\nThe slices are about the size of a regular paper plate and always hot and fresh.  You can add toppings for 50\u00a2 per slice per topping.  It used to be 25\u00a2 per topping per slice but I guess times are tough out there.  \n\nThere is not much room inside or outside to eat at so during lunch peak hours you may be standing.  About 4 people can eat at the inside counter and maybe another dozen outside.\n\n4 bucks for two large slices and a drink is worthy of a lunch stop.
I have one huuuge complaint with living just off of Estrella Parkway in Goodyear. Oh, what's that, you're wondering (or not, but whatever).. There's no gas stations out there! \n\nOkay, this being the exception. \nIf there's more gas stations over there without having to drive over to Van Buren & Litchfield to use CircleK (I tend to wait until the gas light pops on & I'm not sure I'd make it, haha), please.. let me know!\n\nI stopped in last night and this place is good for what it is. I wish it were cheaper, but they have the gas station market cornered off of Estrella Parkway (for now). I also like that I can enter my phone number at the pump and save 3 cents on each gallon. I know its only three measly cents, but every little bit helps these days. \n\nI've stopped here about four times and I'll probably keep stopping in when I stupidly forgot to fill up near work where the gas prices seem to be a little lower. \n\nA solid three stars.
"""This place has been packed for dinner since it opened a few weeks ago. We had pizza this time while pizza is thin and crispy and pretty good it is over priced for what it is they do not look like their picture's with pile's of stuff on them, they are mainly flat and chinsey w the topping's. Who know's maybe you would have to add lot's of topping's to get it tasty so a make it yourself personal $8.50 12\ pizza turn's into $11. I'd rather go to Ray's accross the street personally. The beer and wine selection is not too bad. I will probably eat here again but not for the pizza. The kid loved the mac & cheese $4 incl. drink is ok by me."""""""
"""Rustler's Rooste is that triangle of white lights (not the take me to your leader kind) you see on the hills in Ahwatukee at night. You park at the base of the hill or at the top if you are early enough and a van will take you to the top (if you are in heels you may want to wait for that van - although stilettos are best left at home duh). In a nutshell, the place is over the top rustic cowboy; every surface is covered in wood. The food is ok - the bread (biscuits, corn bread etc,) basket is the best part. \n\nYou wanna order the rattlesnake? Prepare to shell out $20 for it - let me save you the money. It's little scraps of chicken-like meat (the size of a nickle) deep fat fried and served with chipotle ranch. It literally tastes like dark meat chicken.\n\nThere's a live band (we were here on a weekend) playing the old classic country western (imagine that scene in Blues Brothers - Good Ole Boys style). No chicken wire cage though - bummer. \n\nAfter several drinks (which I recommend) go out on the patio and gaze at the city below. Then after more drinks, push the kids out of the way and take a ride down the slide - dare devils go head first. \n\nOverall - there is much to see even if the food is \eeeh\"""" - even the giant beast of a bull in a pen out front, great for tourists looking for a hokey night out, or if your family is in town, take them here and explain this is how AZ is - all covered in wood, stale booze, cowboys and old timey country music."""""""
Good food, fast service, but busy at lunch time and small parking lot.\n\nFOOD\nI've been here many times and it's always been fresh and made how I like it.  The wraps are good size for their price and I never walk away hungry.\nThere are some vegetarian chioces and really yummy tea to drink (other drinks available). \n\nENVIRONMENT\nSmall main dining area with high tops and regular tables. Sometimes noisy and a little cramped. Unique decor with one of a kind artwork on the walls. Outdoor seating overlooking the parking lot. \n\nOTHER\nIf you come at lunch time 11:45-1:00pm, good luck with parking.
"""\Good for Newbies / Whiteboys...Average to the Viets / Foodies\""""\n\nNoodles Ranch by name alone, should be a good indicator that they are aiming to attract the culturally timid. All joking aside, I highly doubt that a Vietnamese restaurant with a typical name like; Pho Thanh, Pho 54, Da Vang, Bin Minh, etc. would attract as many newbies or uncultured Americans, which are in great abundance in this metropolis.\n\nWith that being said, this is a good place to send your mother, or someone who does not yet have a mind that is developed enough to venture to a place that caters specifically to its originating culture.\n\nI will not give this place a bad rating, as they do a great job, and make people feel welcome. They play their business model very well, and I am happy to see some Viets venture down this road and survive as long as they have in this town. They will bring you a fork and spoon as a standard protocol to keep you from feeling intimidated by chopsticks.\n\nAs for the food, again, they tame things down a little bit to cater to a simplified American palette. The prices are a little higher compared to most hole in the wall Pho restaurants, but you have to consider the location and the clientele. \n\nI wouldn't go here and expect to have the best bowl of Pho in town, but would go without a high expectation now that I understand their business model and targeted demographic.\n\nJust as we might hit a lower end hamburger joint, like \""""Five Guys\"""", we are fully aware of the fact that this is not an authentic hamburger, it's a modified and tamed down version to cater to a greater mass of people.\n\nGo support these guys, and don't give them a bad review if you aren't happy with their food. This is a training ground for the simple minded and unadventurous."""""""
From the exterior I thought this comic show was going to be pretty bad ass. They had a ton of well painted comic characters on the windows, and really, if you can get Spider-man from not looking like some Mexican bootleg toy reject, more props to you.\n\nBut when I got in here I really didn't feel much love, nor did I really get a good sense of what this comic shop did well and was just there with in terms of product. \n\nYes, it has a ton of back issues. Problem is that even though I'm a huge nerd, I really don't give a shit about single back issues. I can easily pick up the trade to read those older story lines. Many of which mean nothing for the current character anyway. \n\nThen the toy section was just alright. Their new release wall was well maintained, though it was scattered through multiple areas of the store. That threw me for a loop at first in thinking that I missed an issue or something.\n\nThe customer service was also non-existent. I realize I don't like it when the employees are pushy into trying to figure out what you want.. But to be completely silent and not even welcome you or look at your way just makes you feel a little less welcomed. \n\nEnded up not even picking up anything - even though their was some new releases that I wanted to read. There's better comic shops in Arizona, I told myself..  The lack of any personality to the store really just turned me off.
I don't get the hype, but then again I am not a regular. \n\nThe beer selection is top notch, the sandwiches are worth the prices, the cheesecake really shouldn't be drowned in chocolate syrup but who cares, it really is a nice people watch place. I appreciate the well composed menu and not much more can be said. It has reliable service and sandwiches, hipsters and good beer. The lack of surprises make it a good place to take out of towners to see downtown and introduce people to First Fridays if you wanna brave potential waits, noise levels, and lack of parking on busy nights.
"""I very much wish I could give the gorgeously remodeled Vig more than 3 stars, but the inconsistency in food and service has knocked off a star for the time being.  \n\nAesthetically, the Uptown Vig is just lovely.  The renovation of the space was done with class, and the differing textures on every wall/surface/decor really made things pop.  I'm loving the re-purposing trend in central Phoenix... what great use of an old, seemingly useless space. \n\nOn my first visit to the Uptown Vig, I came with the girlfriends for Happy Hour.  We love to check out all of the greatest happy hours around town, and were particularly excited for half-priced appetizers.  We had the traditional hot \vings\"""", guac and chips, trifecta (mini-burgers) and the flatbread pizza with tandori chicken.  All of the items were relatively good, however nothing really stood out or surprised us.  We were disappointed at our server's attitude.  She seemed immediately put off when we ordered only waters and 2 cokes (table of 4) with our food.  Come on - \""""real\"""" drinks aren't required, are they?  It was a school night!  Plus, I had to manage to drive myself home, and I totally can't manage that with even one drink.  I understand that we were reaping the benefits of the happy-hour pricing without shelling out for alcohol, but there is no need to be put off by our choice.  We ALWAYS tip enough to make up for their trouble... Anyways... I digress...  I also ordered the Good Korma curry dish to take home to the husband, after conferring with the waitress about good gluten-free options.  Unfortunately, when I arrived at home, I discovered that they had stuck a great, big piece of naan on top of the curry.  Gluten, gluten everywhere :(\n\nOur second visit was a great turnaround.  We had decided to go to Chelsea's Kitchen for Mother's Day Brunch.  Chelsea's turned out to be so packed that we couldn't even find a space to park.  Using our incredible genius, we decided that the fairly new Vig would probably have less of a crowd.  Boy, were we right!  We were seated right away, and there were many tables to spare.  I ordered the Achiote Salmon - oh my.  It was an incredible dish.  Such complexity of flavor in the spices and poblano sauce, and the accompanying chorizo-stuffed corn cake was delish.  Definitely something to return for.  The husband ordered chilequiles, and thought they were good, but not nearly as great as Gallo Blanco's version.  Both of our mothers ordered the Persian Kebabs, and both seemed pleased, but not completely bowled over.   The child ordered a grilled cheese sandwich, which was entirely too much bread and not quite enough cheese.  I did enjoy stealing his French fries, however - yum!\n\nSince the new Vig is just around the corner from my house, has a super happy hour, and the amazing salmon dish, I'm sure I will be back.  Hopefully the service loses the slightly I'm-better-than-you attitude, and adopts a truly friendly vibe.  Looking forward to that!"""""""
I used to come here all the time for breakfast.  I must say that I was never disappointed.  I really like their eggs Benedict and their jalapeno biscuits and gravy.  Their coffee was great too.  Today I came for lunch with some co-workers and had the grilled cheese sandwich with tomato soup.  The grilled cheese was very good with fontina and cheddar cheeses between to thick pieces of sourdough bread.  The tomato soup I could tell was homemade, but it was lacking in something for me... I think it needed to be a little thicker maybe with some croutons or something.
We were in the Phoenix area a few weekends ago and after we saw that Los Reyes de la Tortas was overflowing, I did a quick yelp search and saw that I had bookmarked OHW and we headed on over. The place has a huge dining room and a bar and patio off the back. \n\nThey were out of zucchini when we were there (huge sad face), but my friend and I each got a burger and some fries. They were pretty good, but they weren't the best burgers I've ever had in my life. I'd probably try it again if I was in the area, but I'm sure there are better burger places around
"""This is a very interesting place offering a very casual family and somewhat dog friendly picnic atmosphere.  I would describe it as an outdoor cafe of sorts. I'm sure that's why they chose the name they did. Just sayin' .....don't expect a restaurant.  \nThey do a great business because the food tasty. The sandwiches are the way we would love to make them if we had the time to shop for the culinary ingredients.  The atmosphere as I mentioned is very casual and family \picnic like\"""".  You order your food at the cash register counter and then walk outside and sit near a small window where an employee \""""calls your number\"""".  The food ordering and pickup system just felt more like McDonalds than a cafe or bistro where you pay $26 for two sandwiches and small drinks. The sandwich doesn't even include a small bag of chips or even a pickle slice!  In my opinion it's priced more like a fine cafe that offers more \""""service\"""" than the fast (although healthy) food system they currently offer.  It's actually a shame because I'd come back over and over if I felt overall it was a better value and experience.  Give it a try though and see what you think."""""""
I prefer this location of Sephora over the Scottsdale location. The Chandler location is less busy and more spacious than the Scotts location.\n When I first started going to this location I thought it was great because the staff was way more helpful and willing to give out samples. I am now finding the staff to be a bit annoying. They are great, but everytime I look at something they come over and ask a lot of questions or try and steer me to buy a particular product. It gets a little annoying to have the Bare Escentuals Smokey Eyes pointed out at least three times every time I'm in the store. \n\nAll and all I love Sephora no matter what location! It's heaven on earth for most of us gals. Yes the products are pricey, but they are quality products you can't get at the drugstore.\n\nHmmm, this review must sound confusing. Here I am saying I prefer this location, but then complain about how overly eager the employees are. This location isn't as snooty as the Scottsdale location and the employees are friendlier.
I am a total fan if this dive. I usually just get a cheeseburger with some fries. I have also tried the chile fries. The cheeseburger and fries are both well done. The chile fries are very decadent, go with the small order for a first try. The chile fries are a bit salty though. \n\nThe best part of the restaurant? The fact that it has all kinds of old school video games that you can play while waiting for your food. I pumped at least another two dollars worth of quarters into the machines last time I was there. It is great!\n\nDon't let the exterior, or the interior for that matter, scare you, just check it out.
"""I went to the Main Ingredient for a work lunch recently and while I didn't have a bad experience I do think I need to go back in the evening to get a better feel for the joint.\n\nMy roast beef sandwich was tasty (and the mustard was sublime), the service was slightly above so-so, and the crowd/atmosphere was totally in my wheelhouse, but when on the clock dining at an Ale House you can't help but leave feeling disappointed. Seems like my sandwich was crying out for a beer to keep it company.\n\nIf I had to complain about something it would be the $3 charge for a flat bottle of \Coke Light.\"""" No, really, that's what the oversized bottle said. It wasn't Diet Coke it was Coke Light. The margin on soda always favors the house but $3 for a Coke is re-gosh-darn-diculous.\n\nThe location is ideal for post-work drinks so I'll definitely update this review after I've partaken in the Ale House's brews."""""""
My friend & I just had to try this place to see what all the hype was about & to see if it was really pizza worth waiting 3 hours for? Our verdict was NO. Not sure if we are able to give a fair review due to waiting 3 hours, being starving & having super high expectations. We both agreed that we would never wait 3 hours again for this place or any other restaurant for that master. It was just ridiculous. We ordered the Marguerita pizza & although we did agree that the crust was light & thin we again didn't think it was worth waiting 3 hours for. \nIt also seems ridiculous  that they won't seat people & serve them at the huge picnic tables outside- they could cut the wait time way down by doing that.
"""This is the favorite burger of our Commander-in-Chief, so who am I as a lowly tax-paying foot soldier to question the restaurant? As the fattest nation on Earth, this burger must shine as a golden example to the reason. The cheeseburger that I ordered could have easily fed a Somalian village and walking back to the light rail I am sure my already high blood pressure shot several points higher. I pray I finish this review before I succumb...\n\nI wouldn't recommend ordering the burger with tomatoes. Not that they were bad, but they create a sliding factor that detracts from the dining experience. There are two options - wear half of the burger on your shirt or wolf it down in an attempt not to wear said burger and as a result fail to be able to enjoy the dining experience.  The price of the meal is a little higher than most, but so are the portions. As I described, the burger is enormous, and I ordered a regular size fry. The fries are served in a paper cup and more fries dumped in the sack. Really it was overkill because by the time I engulfed the burger, I really didn't want any fries - but this is a review about the whole meal so for you, dear reader, I pushed on ever so slightly. The fries are good - Cajun flavor and spicy. Good - yes. \The best\"""" as the advertisements proclaim? I wouldn't say so. In comparing Five Guys to another recently opened gourmet burger joint, SmashBurger's rosemary fries are far superior. Five Guys outranks SmashBurger In terms of dining room size and available seating. Plenty of place to sit and attempt not to wear the burger. \n\nOne thing I found as a huge distraction was the music. I don't want to sound like an old man, but turn that damn thing down! The radio was so loud it wasn't a pleasant experience. When you are trying to inhale a large cow cooked in 100% peanut oil, talking to your dining companion leaves limited opportunities. Say a few words and dive back in. What makes it annoying and difficult is that when you masterfully pull off this move, the partner continually says \""""huh?\"""". \n\nOverall the burger was good and tasted grilled from the backyard. I know this will lose me points for being a fat guy and probably further lower my man-card status, but I don't think there needs to be two patties - one would suffice. The fries are too much too. I couldn't even finish the overflow in the bag, let alone touch the ones in the actual cup. For $11 for a burger, fries and drink ($5.59 burger, $2.59 regular Cajun fries, $2.19 large Cherry Coke)I felt like I wasted the fries and was so uncomfortable after gorging on the burger that I didn't enjoy the experience. Dare I say a smaller version of the meal would probably be a good opportunity for a future menu option."""""""
**WARNING** THERE IS A THIEF OR GROUP OF THIEVES WORKING THIS GYM!!\n\nThe new facilities are very nice and the staff is friendly but patrons should be aware that there is a problem with theft from locked lockers. Last Thursday night I unlocked my combination lock and found that my purse was no longer there! I reported it at the front desk and the young man working there said that a woman came to him earlier that day and said her cellphone had been stolen out of her locker, which was also locked. \n\nIt's a nice gym but if you use it you should probably use one of the little lockers they have at the front desk to secure your important items until the the thief is caught. They're pretty vigilant about making sure only members enter so it's either a member or an employee.
I ran this in 2012 and it was my first half marathon. Since then I have ran two more. Considering the crowd that turns out to this event they do a good job on the organizational end. My biggest complaint is that it didn't start on time. With the amount of people running it is important to start on a timely manner. I also feel is is extremely overpriced compared to other races and even other RnRs in the country. I don't feel that $100+ for a half marathon is reasonable. I hope they will work on making this one more affordable because I would like to continue doing it each year.
Quality local sports bar with decent food, reasonable drink prices, $2.50 Modelo and Negro Modelo on Sundays, good staff, and enough local flavor to feel the right amount of divyness. \n\nThe staff puts up with a fair amount, but for the most part, they are always smiling...with a few exceptions. No massive TV, but a very good number of TVs (you won't miss anything), including an outdoor bar and nice sized patio with TVs, warmers, fire pits, ping pong, and bean bag toss (or whatever you tossers call it these days). Whether you are watching AFL/Aussie Rules (which you should for the most amazing action outside of the NFL) or the Packers beat the Bears, this is a good spot. \n\nAnd really, even if you are big sweaty Pats fan...they will change the TV to your game, so, don't get chowda in your stache and try to wait until it is a few minutes or so before kickoff until you turn into a raving lunatic looking like you just got off the boat in Gloucester...Just a thought, not a sermon. \n\nThe cheese steaks are the focus of the menu, with sandwiches and typical bar food. You may not win a fight with a Philly native, but the cheese steaks are good, with ample variety and upgrades. \n\nAnd, if you need a reminder, there is a breath alcohol machine by the bathroom. Even better, enjoy your day, night, morning...and save your change (and more) and get a cab.
I found the food to be average-to-good, I had the kibbeh plate (rather tasty and plentiful portions) and my dining companion enjoyed a sandwich. The food is inexpensive and service is relatively quick. Our server was very pleasant. When I went up to the cashier to settle the tab, I noticed they had an impressive variety of baklava and turkish delight candy in the case. I LOVE turkish delight - it's my favorite candy of all time. Naturally, I requested a few pieces to go. I got home minutes later to find that the turkish delight was completely stale and dried out. I was so disappointed! However, if you're looking for cheap eats, check this place.
"""Overcrowded. \nOverpriced. \nInconvenient. \n\nI'm giving the experience three stars, instead of the one or two stars I think it really deserves, because it's a nice idea - in concept: A \farmer's market\"""" combined with a crafts fair and gourmet food. \n\nPerhaps it was the day I went, but the \""""Farmer's Market\"""" portion was a little light. The crafts fair portion I thought was pricey. The food was wonderful, but I hate waiting in long lines.  Plus, they only take cash.\n\nThe highlight for me was a both from Brophy (a local private boys high school). These kids were selling something called \""""Cookies in a Jar\"""" - prepackage ingredients that the boys shop for and build. The proceeds go to their charity (they adopt a family). It isn't a cheap product - $12 a jar, but I was just so impressed with their attitude, I bought a couple of jars. It's nice to see teenage kids really care! \n\nOther than this, the experience was more frustrating than enjoyable.  Think I'll skip this and go to the Farm at South Mountain and then downtown to the Farmer's Market."""""""
This review is a little depressing so forgive me if I suddenly stop in mid sentence do to the fact that I have just killed myself. I waited too long to write this review, so it's a 2 for 1!\n\n Oh Kincaid's how I once loved you..............those days are gone. I need to get over it and move on! This also proves that Yelp is therapy! \n\nThis was my go to spot for happy hour before the Suns games and I love the Suns and I loved Kincaid's so it was a threesome match made in heaven!(not that I'm into that kinda thing) Walking in there wearing my Suns gear, I am the happiest person on the planet, because I know they have the best calamari appetizer anywhere.  \n \nWell, they did until they changed the recipe and now its just a pile of fried artichoke hearts that take over the already over battered squid. If you knew what the previous dish was like, oh man you could feel my pain. Imagine lightly battered, tender bites of sea food fried with slices of jalapenos, that you dipped into the most perfect sweet and sour plum sauce. It sounds a little strange but I'm telling you.....it was fabulous!\n\nI have tried some of the other apps and they just don't stand out in my opinion. It's not a total loss, the drinks are great and so is the service. If you get there early enough you can order a full meal and they do good work.  I still enjoy going in and chatting with the other fans over a ice cold Blue Moon. Looking forward to a new season and maybe a few menu changes for the better.
It's Chili's.\n\nIt's what you expect, but if you've never been there, let me give you the run down.\n\nI always order the chips and salsa.  Chips are fresh, thin and usually warm, if they are not ask for new ones.  The salsa is flavorful without being overwhelming with heat.\n\nI will more than likely order the boneless Buffalo wings - you get a fair amount and again the flavor is there with the overpowering heat.\n\nThe burgers are good, quality beef with a fresh bun.\n\nThey have steak fries.  I'm a fan of small fries but don't hate these.\n\nGreat Happy Hour deals.\n\nThe place is usually clean and I really like sitting in the bar with the friendly staff and many TV's to watch.
The movies are $3.  All the time.  With that thought in mind, is the only reason I would give the 3rd star.  The concessions are actually more expensive than say, Harkins or AMC. The seats are the same as when I was a teenager and the movies were $1.  So if you are unwilling or unable to make the early matinees at a DIGITAL theatre with good sound systems, etc, or are just looking for a place to take the kids for a cheap movie while you hit up Santisi's next door for pizza and/or wings, or to just escape the grinding heat in the summer...then I guess it isn't that bad.  just remember- if you are a sound and visual buff- this is NOT the theatre for you.  They have not gone digital or Dolby yet.
Been here on a few occassions. Different times of the day, different reasons, so here it goes...\n\nFor food: They actually serve breakfast, too, so its open all day. The portions are huge, however, i only had maybe 3 bites of it all (omlet, potatoes, something else I can't remember) and I threw it away. Too greasy. It was so greasy and gross that it left grease stains everywhere. Ew!\n\nNightlife: The place gets packed pretty quick and since they have valet its nice to leave your car there overnight. If there is one thing, they don't recommend driving drunk. Good for them!!\n\nAn event: Ok, here is where I give them props. We organized a fundraiser there for work and they were excellent to work with regarding that! They did a bull riding contest, had 2 for 1 drink specials, and the management there was so nice to do whatever they could to help us out! \n\nToo bad, I can't give it higher than a 3 though. I just can't get pass the food.
"""What happens when a Croatian family, 2 gays and a brood of CenPho peeps head to the westside for a birthday brunch at...*gasp*...a chain restaurant. Well, I'll tell ya what happens. Big Fun. That's what! We had at least 20 people and took over an entire room in back. That was smart of them as we were a \lively\"""" group. Granted it took quite a while to get drinks out to us, but I'm a restaurant person and forgive easier than others. We had strawberry mimosas served with a split of Freixenet. Fantastic! I had the cordon blue crepes with ham, Swiss, onion and eggs topped with Dijon cream sauce...seriously...they were heavenly. I was last to be served so I was nervous my crepes would be petrified. They were piping hot! Also on my plate were fresh grapes. They were chilled & snappy. Kind of like Angelina Joilie's personality. I have to say the place was pretty messy, including the restroom, which oddly smelled like the men's restroom at the Esplanade. I'll remember you Mimi. Next year, when I'm visiting the westside again, I may swing by for those crepes. Oh. One weird thing happened. After a few of us had ordered our third strawberry mimosa, we were told they had no more champagne left. Really? Cuz it feels like you're cutting us off! Whatev! We had consumed plenty but got a chuckle out of being cut off in a room full of coffee swilling seniors!"""""""
Stumbled on this place while exploring downtown Phoenix.  I had no idea about the Alice Cooper connection until I got inside.  I wasn't expecting much, but it was actually pretty good food.  I had the BBQ Sampler.  It had ribs, smoked turkey, hot link and brisket. The nice thing was that each item had its own sauce.  Another cool thing was that there was a neighborhood festival going on that day so after I finished my lunch, I hung out and listened to bands all afternoon.
My husband and I have been going here for almost 15 years every spring training and this last time was very disappointing.  I absolutely LOVED the mussels, until now.  Don't know what happened, but something changed in the way they make them, blah...  Nothing about the rolls stood out, some were too big to eat in one bite, fish was fresh, just not too creative.  I hope they find their edge again.\nThe service was awesome though.  We were in the back with a group that included 2 young children and we got alot of attention.
"""Went in for a quick after-lunch coffee. I thought I'd been to Cartel (a different location) before but I couldn't find my review... anyway, it was decent, but I'm not seeing the hype. \nI got a macchiato - espresso with steamed milk - and it came in a TINY little tea cup. When I ordered, the cashier said they only make it \traditional\"""" and I had no idea why he said that to me like I didn't know what I was ordering... I'm sure they get a lot of people in that expect the cr\u00e8me-laden chocolate monstrosity that Starbucks will give you if you ordered a mocha macchiato there. However, I hated that he presumed I had no clue what I wanted. With it, I got a chocolate chip cookie - which was larger than your average cookie and undercooked to perfection - but not really worth the price tag.\n\nThe cookie was $3 (yikes) and the espresso $3. Mom's mocha was another $3.  \n\nNow, I appreciate that they roast their own coffees here so you get a wholly unique flavour but my espresso was really bitter. Like, medicine bitter. I like a super strong roast flavour but I want it to also be smooth and flavourful. This was neither. Mom agreed about her mocha. \n\n3 stars for effort, environment (the window paintings were awesome and plenty of comfortable seating) and a great cookie but I wouldn't come back."""""""
Strip Mall Gold... ok, maybe not actual gold but once you walk into  this hole in the wall, what-the-heck-is-a-bar doing here place, the drinks are so cheap you just might be stumbling out and after barely spending anything!\n\nisn't fancy at all,  food is decent for a bar, the usual Cheers crew is always there. have karoke fridays and saturday nights but since i cant stand off tune singining i run out the door soon as it starts! haha... \n\nworth a try if you're strapped for cash and need to get your drink on
"""One of the things I love about this place is the outdoor seating in the cooler months.  I also love the Bellini, Toasted Ravioli, and Rosemary-Chicken Pizza.\n\nThere IS room for improvement, however.  The takeout \system\"""" they are using has caused me to go somewhere else more than once.  I don't think that having certain pickup \""""windows\"""" for loyal customers is a sufficient way to reward them, especially at that price point.\n\nOregano's, you have a LOT of good competition (especially in Central Phoenix) so you may want to rethink the way you are treating customers.  I'm going to try you out again soon so we'll see how things go from there."""""""
This was my first time at a Tilted Kilt. It's a good sports bar, lots of TVs playing games and not too loud, clean, etc. I liked the long bar in the center, it looks like a long shuffleboard table that you can sit on either side of, good for a small or large crowd. The staff was friendly, always making sure I had enough jack and coke (which was on happy hour so how could I say no?) I really liked the tk Irish nachos. I thought this place would be kind of like hooters but I felt like it was more like a regular sports bar, just with a theme. Maybe I've been to way too many clubs and bars that have staff dressed in similarly small outfits. I guess I make this comment for other girls that might think this is just a place for guys, I didn't think it was tacky in that way.  I would add this place to the list if I was looking for a chill sportbar.
"""3 1/2 stars for Thai house. \n\nDon't get me wrong, their food is amazing, and their curries are pretty close to unique Thai. And I love them spicy. However, when upon ordering you're asked how hot you want your curry (on a scale of 1 being the lowest and 5 being the hottest), it usually never comes out the way you except it. \n\nLike I said, their curries are amazing. I've had the red, yellow, and green curries and they've never disappointed. Green is probably my favorite between them all. \n\nThey also have a vegetable house soup which is absolutely delicious, light, and flavorful. I would recommend it.\n\nHowever, one time I ordered the curry noodles. The noodles were so overcooked that they pretty much congealed together and it was near impossible to pick them up, let alone distinguish noodle to noodle when it came to eating the \paste\""""\n\nAlso their service is somewhat snooty and rude, and doesn't pay much attention to you or your questions."""""""
I finally got to try out the Hardrock cafe in downtown Phoenix. My first impression is that it's smaller then I thought it would be, but it's still pretty roomy the way the tables are spaced out. This is a great place to go if you are going to attend a concert or basketball game at the US Airways center (directly across the street) or Chase Field where the Diamondback's play. Overall, it has a pretty neat atmosphere with everything being music related. Lot's of guitars and gold records along with pictures cover most of the walls. be prepared, it is very loud in there. Music videos will be playing. This does not bother me, but you may have to raise your voice to be heard.  Now, onto he food. My wife and I had already eaten, so we ordered an appetizer of chicken lettuce wraps. Nothing to complain about. Eveything was fresh and the layout of the food was appealing. Ordered and iced tea that was better then most places. We also had a great waiter...don't recall his name though. Prices are a little high, but it is geared towards being different and your probably paying  for that. I would go back again, but I would not just drive into Phoenix just to eat there on a whim. Maybe next time I go to a D'backs game or the Roger Waters concert in May.
Newest Szechuan restaurant in town ... 2 weeks old only ... Clean interior, good service and dishes come pretty fast. \n\nPretty good in quality but noting to wow just yet ... tried their water boiled fish, sour fish soup and a cold dishes. Water boiled fish was pretty good, not all that numbing compare to other restaurant, so it's good on my book, soup is pretty decent too. I will put this restaurant in the same tier as Szechuan palace
Inexpensive.  Clean, simple, small restaurant.\n\nLike that they have Boba!  \n\nThe pho was 50% off so very inexpensive.  The price of the tofu spring rolls were cheap and you get 3 HUGE ones.  Way better deal then what we buy at Trader Joes.  I did not care for the rice noodle with tofu and vegetable dish on the Vegetarian menu.  First they sent it out with a fish sauce.  I had to send it back.  Next it had a soy sauce.  It was so flavorless and boring.  I took most of it home and then didn't eat it.\n\nI won't hurry back.
I can say that I used to love the place. Not so much any longer. \n\nWent over there this past Sunday at 7pm. Crowded, but still room to sit 6 of us. Here are a few simple notes to sum up the evening.\n\nWaitress was on something. She was walking, but out of it. Forgot our order twice, and both times could not remember even taking them. Very bizarre. \nGirl next table fell over and out of her chair. No one really even seemed to notice, maybe that happens often here now. \nPlace looks tired, worn out, especially the fabric on the chairs and booths outside. If you squint, you can see the old Vig, when it seemed spotless, and shiny. Now a bit tattered, along with the staff. \n\nIf you are over 28, then I would have to say you might feel old in here. Reminds me of a spring break crowd being filmed by an MTV crew in Cabo. Very young, very drunk.
My friend and I were in town to catch some spring training games, and Alice Cooper'stown seemed like a natural stop for a post-game dinner. We had no trouble parking, as we were there on a Sunday night. We were seated after a short wait, and quickly ordered some fried mushroom appetizers. They arrived hot and fast, and were crispy and tasty. Our server wasn't what one would call personable, but it kinda went with the vibe of the place. In another environment I probably wouldn't have been amused. \n\nI was torn between ordering more standard bar fare (like a burger) or the chipotle pasta dish. I ended up with the pasta, and it was very good. Just enough heat for my wimpy palate. My dining partner ordered the grilled veggie sandwich, and was very disappointed. She said it was essentially a salad on Texas toast. However, she said that the fries and chili were very good. I'm a sucker for themed restaurants, so I thought the decor was fun. The restaurant really deserves 3.5 stars since I enjoyed my entree but my friend was so disappointed with hers. Would recommend for out-of-towners who like sports and rock.
Decent food, good service, good lunch prices.\n\nI liked the fact that when I told my waitress I would like to opt out of the deep fried foods that came with the lunch special, she immediately offered a larger portion of my main dish.  Nice touch.  Lunch special got me a nice cup of soup, a decent, but large, plate of fried rice, and a cup of hot tea for $6.54-ish.  A good price for a good meal.  Their fried rice wasn't the best I've ever had, but it certainly wasn't the worst.  I would go back and try another dish.
"""Ken loves fondue. Some of you may even remember his birthday party at the Melting Pot, a restaurant which turned out to be a huge disappointment, and is now, fortunately, closed. So when I read about Le Chalet, a crepe and fondue place in Glendale, I knew we'd be going. \n\n    I want to apologize in advance for the tone of this review, and even urge you to visit Le Chalet despite my reservations, particularly since we tried only one dish. I really don't know what it was about the place that made me so crabby. So, with that caveat, here goes.\n\n     The place is cute, in a kitschy French/Swiss village-y kind of way. Dark wood and stuccoed white walls with lots of appropriate photos and posters. But I had the feeling that the whole thing, except the show kitchen, was done on a shoe-string budget. The silverware and plates were low end, but a cloth napkin was provided. The sink in the ladies room was supposed to look like it was carved out of a chunk of rock, but it was a laughable fake. I think perhaps the owners tried too hard.\n\n     We ordered the Swiss Cheese Fondue ($17.50), one of the more expensive items on the menu. I had read that it was enough for two, and indeed it was. Before it came to the table we were given a complimentary tartine, basically a slice of toasted bread with some tasty cheese melted on top. This is served to every table, and it struck me as an odd choice since so many of the things on the menu involve bread and cheese. The fondue arrived in a timely manner, along with a bowl of bread cubes. Unhappily, the bread was refrigerator cold, which meant it had been cubed and stored beforehand. This took all the crispness out of the crust - it was really undistinguished bread. The fondue was delicious, redolent of wine and Kirsch. I don't know why, but the cheese was \nextremely chewy - at least that forced us to eat very, very slowly. My biggest complaint is that fondue by itself is a very one-dimensional meal. While you can purchase a side salad, it seemed to me that for the price it should be included with the fondue. My final grump is that our water glasses were never refilled.\n\n     I'll repeat that this is a place you should experience for yourselves.  There's beef ($22.75) and chicken ($18.75) fondues, and a specialty dish called \La Potence\"""" ($24) which is a 10 ounce beef tenderloin flambeed tableside by the chef. The savory crepes are much less expensive, averaging about $10. One has roquefort cheese, caramelized apples and walnuts. Another has sliced sauteed potatoes with onions and bacon topped with melted Raclette cheese. Some entree salads are served in a savory crepe shell ($11.50). Simple sweet crepes average about $3.75, and there are more complex ones like Crepe Ultimate Chocolate ($8.25) with chocolate brownie, chocolate ice cream, chocolate ganache and chocolate powder. We actually were so full from our rich cheese fondue that we passed on dessert.\n\n     Maybe if I start with a dessert crepe next time I won't be so grumpy."""""""
Fast. Fast. Fast. I love this place when I'm in a hurry and don't want some extravagant massagey hour+ extravaganza. They do a perfectly adequate job, nothing stellar, and you're in and out. I don't care that they're gabbing away on their cell phones, because then they're not trying to make conversation with me.\n\nMinus a star for their faux sterilization practices. They reuse the same instruments and store them in unsealed autoclave packets, allowing them to look as if they've been sterilized. I'm not a germ phobe who frets about catching hepatitis from a nail salon, but the dishonestly behind the charade bugs me. Also, minus a star for the time I was positioned to watch one of the girls who worked there waxing her armpits behind a poorly positioned curtain. I know this experience is ghetto, but please.
Va Bene.. ahhh.. well I used to live close to here.. so if we wanted to go have wines, apps or a late dinner.. AND watch the 40+ crowd get their groove on.. this is where we would go.. bc I could walk and have some entertainment... Hey man.. sometimes it doesnt take much! \nI do like the bar...its nice with alot of good wines on the list... The bartenders have always been super sweet.. \nNOT loving much on the menu.. but I travel alot and will say my fav Italian is in the east coast.. (if not Italy itself:-) ) .. \nBut to counter the effects of a bit of wine.. Id recommend the bruschetta... patio..? Well it faces a parking lot.. but again.. some good stuff to watch going down out there.. like I said, cheap entertainment.. Ive more of a choice now that Ive moved:-)
This was a very fancy place walking in and had a very unique, neat, setup with a swanky atmosphere. After sitting down with no wait, we were waited on. The menu is not very extensive and the food was as exquisite as I had hoped. The drink selection on the other hand was not too expensive and had a large selection of cocktails, which is the reason this gets a 3 star instead of a 2 or 1 star rating. The bathroom situation was pretty confusing at first but once you understand how they work, it makes sense. The DJ played some good music and the place was nicely setup, but for food, don't expect a lot of choices.
Patio is the place to be. If you want to go eat/drink in the bar it can get pretty packed. It seems that every time I go there I have to muscle my way through the bar and struggle to find a table, or place at the bar. \n\nFood is average. I have had way better, but it goes down and taste alright. Good Mexican beer selection and margaritas( which is my main reason for visiting). They are not the best, but certainly not the worst and their happy hour prices make it more appealing. You do get chips/salsa/jalapeno bean dip which can feel you up. \n\nThey do have this taco bar. I am not sure if it is free, or really cheap but I have sat by it before and it looks pretty gross. If you want tacos get the mini taco basket. \n\nCertainly not the worst for food or drinks, but not even close to being the best.
"""Ray is an expert Italian cook (and Host) of the old school (finger to nose). Don't miss the Cannelloni or the Chicken Marsala.\n\nIt's the lobby restaurant for Days Inn (Red Roof Inn before that) on Camelback, West of 7th Ave. The room is way out of date as are the presentations, but the preparations are old-school quality at old-school prices... I ate for 3 (I wanted to taste as much as I could for this review) and my bill was $23! A bit of Hit and Miss, but the hits were HITS!\n\nFINDING THE PLACE\nLook for the \Days Inn\"""" sign North of Camelback on 7th Ave. (Otherwise, come from the East on Camelback and look for the \""""Days Inn\"""" sign before 7th Ave)\n\nRaimondo's \""""disappeared into oblivion\"""" 2 years ago to anyone but those staying at this motel (restaurant signage is non-existent) AND THE REGULARS. OH, let me tell you about THE REGULARS... There is a steady stream of regulars who all know each other and the staff by name. It seems to have become the favorite of the former clientele of Jay Newton's Beefeaters.\n\nTHE FOOD!\n--creamy chicken soup too creamy. Thickener paste too pasty. \n--Salad very crispy but was too cold. Some pieces had given in. Tomato too cold. \n \n--Cannelloni masterful. Finished in pizza oven. Worth the trip. \n--Chicken Marsala. Masterful recipe. Alcohol just peeked through and the mushrooms, parsley and drops of lemon finished it spectacularly. Worth the trip. \nToo bad the tomato sauce didn't have time to absorb those spices. It had just been started.\n\nTHE CHEF!\nChef appeared after I was enjoying my main dishes with a bucket of ice to fill the bins in front of me. He didn't say a word. Humble as ever. As I got up to leave, he was standing far on the other side of the room, but even at a distance, I could see a gleam in his eye and his smile. Of course I walked over. What a wonderful man.\n\nI can't wait to go back. Ray strikes me as the type who'd offer me an apron and let me learn a thing or two some Sunday afternoon. I would be honored.\n\nP.S. Beware of 1-star no-face/no-friends reviews.  ;)"""""""
Schedule your dentist appointment now, their sauce is sweet!!!  I have had sweet sauces before, but this one takes the cake!!! Not that it was bad tasting, but I personally think that they could reduce the sweetness and bring out some of the other flavors of the sauce.  I had the spaghetti and meatball calzone and the ingredients were delicious, but the sweet sauce seemed to over power some of the flavor.  My dining partner had the spinach special pizza and the ingredients were fresh and delicious.  We also had the bruschetta and the bread was perfectly toasted and the tomatoes, basil, and peppers were great!!!\n\nI am not the biggest fan of the sweet sauce, but If you can get by it, I recommend that you check it out.
All I've ever heard about this place is how it is the best place for pizza. I've also heard how many people wait hours just to eat here so my boyfriend and I tried going on a weekday for lunch. \n\nThere was a 30 minute wait which wasn't too bad. The service was fine but I didn't necessarily like the setup of the restaurant. I'm fine with smaller restaurants with lots of charm but our table was so close to the tables next to us it made it hard not to feel like we were sitting on top of the couple next to us. \n\nBut we came for the pizza and while it was good pizza, it is not something I would ever wait HOURS for like other reviewers mentioned! I guess after hearing  time after time that this is THE best pizza I had certain expectations and was sadly disappointed! It is worth checking out, but definitely check out a few other local places to compare.\n\nTo sum it up: good pizza, but not mindblowingly, wait for 3 hours good! I think there's a few other really great local urban pizzerias in Phoenix that I will go to over Bianco.
My first 3 star review. I usually only review a place that is exceptional or poor, but since the choices for good Chinese food are so scant in the valley, one has to make concessions.\n\nI've been here twice, the first time being told by a couple of friends how good it was, but it was rather lacking. Same as Panda Express.\n\n2nd time, much better. I asked for extra spicy and that's what I got, but the flavor wasn't compromised. Good job. Still, nothing great, but I would return since there really is nothing else around.
"""Low expectations. That's what I had when we stopped to have a bite before a movie. Not a big fan of deep dish, we were delighted to see \flat bread\"""" pizzas offered. The sausage pizza, while could have been crunchier, was quite good. Service was great considering our friend was so dehydrated from being overserved the previous evening, he must have had a dozen ice tea refills. \n\nThe ambience at these places kills me. It's like Oregano's married Cracker Barrel! There is crap all over the walls. Hey. Who's dusting this stuff anyway. I did notice quite a bit of dust and grease on the light fixture above our table. \n\nWe attempted to try the pizza place a few doors away, but they were closed. I suggested Hooter's but before I finished saying it, we all squealed in all of our gayness....\""""Ewww...boobies!\"""". So Uno it was. \n\nBut I couldn't help think of that card game Uno. Damn that's a fun game. And I also couldn't get a guy from high school outta my head. His nickname was Uno. He got it one day in the locker room after gym class. You figure it out. \n\nI'll go again if I'm ever at the AZ Center. I just might bring my Windex and Endust however."""""""
Breakfast...  a leisurely one is a great way to start a weekend.  On a recent Saturday morning, my friend and I stopped by U.S. Egg in search of a favorite breakfast indulgence - Eggs Benedict. \n\nWe were seated promptly, and our friendly waitress highly recommended both the Eggs Benedict (for me) and a slight variation, the California Benedict (including bacon and avocado), for her.  \n\nBoth dishes looked great when they arrived, and even included a nice side of hash browns.  However, the letdown was immediate when I cut in to my first egg.  The yolk was... solid!  No delightfully runny goodness to mix with the hollandaise.  My friend's eggs were overdone as well.  What happened?  My guess is the dishes sat a bit too long under a heat lamp after being plated.  So disappointing.  :(\n\nI may give U.S. Egg another try, as a number of other menu items looked tempting.  The restaurant was bright and inviting, and the service was quick and friendly.  Still, how can you serve Eggs Benedict with overcooked yolks!?
I love booze at places where there shouldn't be booze. Drinking beer at Peter Piper Pizza. Having a Bloody Mary at breakfast. Brown-bagging it at the public library (kidding?).\n\nNaturally, I should love the newly remodeled AMC Esplanade 14--and I sort of do. I've been coming here since a kid, and the old girl was starting to show her age. Thank goodness iPic rolled in to town to show everyone how it's done, and my beloved theater followed suit. The two things I love most are being able to reserve seats ahead of time (I HATE having to show up half an hour before a movie starts to get decent seats), and of course, the booze.\n\nWhy only three stars? The service and the filth. The service is iffy--we've had good and we've had God-awful. This is no iPic, which is a well-oiled machine. These are the same kids who used to just take your tickets, forced into a serving job they really don't know how to do. And then there's the filth. People were in our seats (bastards!) when we arrived, so after the staff asked them to move, we sat down. The table by my seat was all sticky, and we finally had to ask someone to wipe it down. No one came over (apparently our seat-stealers received the only visit planned for our spot), so I went to press the service button. It was covered in ketchup, so I used the sticky menu to press the button. They eventually brought our order, leaving the same roll of silverware that had been sitting there with our seat-stealers. Gross? The silverware went untouched until a server rushed by, grabbed it, and handed it to the people sitting behind us. He didn't even ask if we were going to use it (we weren't), and he never brought us another roll.\n\nGross.
I wanted this place to be good, really I did.  I got the cheese ravioli with marinara and it wasn't anything special.  Though to be fair, my favorite is the Fazoli's cheese ravioli.  \n\nIt was basically just not worth any hype that I could see.  Maybe the pizza or cream sauces are where it's at and I missed out, but unfortunately I doubt I'll be willing to try again.\n\nThe guy in charge was very friendly but it was annoying how inattentive the original waiter was especially considering how small the place is.
I went here with my boyfriend on a Friday night for wings for dinner. I was nervous getting hot wings because I don't do well with spice... I usually get wings with a sweet flavor instead of the spicy ones. But, the waitress talked me into trying the medium (after she told me that the mild wings were just basted in butter... pure lard butter...ick). So, I ate them and they actually weren't terribly hot. So, points for the waitress for talking me into trying the medium- and she even told me they'd remake them if they turned out to be too hot for me. So, this experience was a success. \n\nAlthough, the time before when I was here, I ordered a salad and I had to ask 2 different waitresses for silverware (when my friends were already eating their food) and still never got any. Had to walk up to the waitress' station myself and grab my own. \n\nI think this place is well-known enough for their wings without the gimmicky ploy to get men into the restaurant. But, it's apparently still working and the girls seem to be doing it well. So, good for them. But, because of the gimmick, this isn't somewhere where I'd love to hang out on a regular basis.
"""This is your basic, garden variety big chain hotel.  It is very convenient to a lot of restaurants and shopping, but it was hard to find, tucked back in a corner next to the highway.  They need a bigger sign!  There is a pool and a hot tub, neither of which were being utilized because I happened to be in Phoenix to experience perhaps 25% of their total annual rainfall in 2 days!  UGH.  Rain in the desert.  There's no controlling the weather.\n\nThe breakfast buffet was good, it had all the usual stuff you expect, eggs were fluffy, not hard and congealed.  Some of the bacon was crispy, and some was chewy, something for everyone.\n\nThe one very odd thing was the front desk crew on hand the first morning.  Two dudes no older than 23.  They high-fived each other twice and said stuff like \good call dude\"""", \""""way to go\"""", and they were talking about a room opening up that had 2 beds in it instead of one.  OK, maybe that's too much detail but geez guys, let's be a tiny bit more professional, ok?  When the high schoolers are running the hotel, it doesn't inspire a ton of confidence."""""""
"""I'm adding this \average\"""" review to the bevy of average reviews on this establishment. Basically it boils down to this:  if we are really hungry and in the area, we stop in. It's satisfactory, but nothing more, and sometimes less than that.\n\nWhen my father was in town visiting, we happened to be in the neighborhood around dinner time so we stopped in. He had some sort of thing that looked like a wrap but was called a \""""foccaccia\"""" that he said was \""""decent,\"""" and it had chicken and veggies in it. Not very exciting I guess. My husband had the ribs; he says that they were less than \""""ok,\"""" cooked to death with sauce slapped on them at the end.\n\nI had a bleu cheese burger that was pretty good; it was thick and juicy and I liked the homemade chips that came along with it.\n\nWe had a cute waitress that was pretty attentive, refilling our drinks in a timely fashion and checking in on us in a friendly manner on and off throughout our visit. \n\nThe rating of 3 stars, \""""A-Ok\"""" fits this place perfectly."""""""
My girlfriend and I purchased the Travelzoo with lunch . I live down the street and frequent many spas but had not yet had the pleasure of using the spa at the Westin. We arrived this past Sunday and were a little disappointed in this spa. We arrived and when we checked in they wanted to know at that time when we wanted to eat and where. The where was either outside by the pool in 115 plus degree temp or in the shade in 115 degrees. The other choice was 1 table inside their retail area. This was odd as we did not want to eat outside and when it was time for us to eat, someone was using the lone table and they ended up bringing in a table from outside for us. They did not even try to wipe it down and it was obviously dirty. This all happened before our services. We were suddenly not as excited about our spa day and I think it effected my opinion of the massage. During most massages that I have received, my feet ,hands and scalp are all massaged. None of these areas was touched and  while the rest of the massage was ok. It only lasted 45 minutes. The price of the travelzoo was comparable to most others and i will not be back.
My favorite thing about this Tokyo Express is that when I see it from my car, I know I have almost arrived to El Molino, which is right around the corner. \n\nOh, so back to the point, Tokyo Express is ok. I mean, I guess you have to be really trying to screw up a chicken teriyaki bowl, but the mere fact that they have the wherewithal to identify that as their specialty scores them some points so far as I'm concerned. \n\nAs for the sushi, I haven't gone there, but I have a sneaking feeling that I don't want to. I haven't heard anything to support or contradict that sentiment, I'm just being honest. I feel like ordering sushi here would be the equivalent of ordering beef tar tare at McDonald's. They carry the ingredients, but I wouldn't recommend it. \n\nFor a quick chicken teriyaki bowl and a soda for less than eight bucks, look no further.
I decided to give Benihana a try for my birthday this year, just last week.  Since the boyfriend and I decided to go on Super Bowl Sunday after the game ended, we expected a crowd.  To our surprise, the restaurant was virtually empty with just one other table occupied.  We therefore had the entire hibachi/tepanyaki table to ourselves!  It was fun, and the fact that it was just the two of us sped up dinner service considerably.  I ordered Benihana rolls as an appetizer; they were basically tasty California rolls, loosely packed but a real bargain at only $4.75.  For my entree, I went with the Hibachi scallops.  Now unlike Kyoto (the Japanese restaurant I usually hit up on my birthday), there are not a whole lot of veggies prepared as sides with your entree.  In a way, that was a good thing, because I didn't waste any food.  I got a ton of scallops, and I took home what I couldn't finish.  It was great value for the price!  Still, my chef was not Asian and the emptiness of the restaurant did make it feel a little weird.  Perhaps I'll add a star when I update my review after the next visit...
"""The Tavern is acceptable, but it's a hop and a skip from Rula Bula, where I can get a boxty with my Guinness, or Cafe Boa where I can drink from one of those goofy Stella goblets with my pinky extended.  I come here with friends really.  This is not \my  place.\""""  They do however have these awesome aluminum shelves that rest just above the urinals which I'm sure would be a delightful place to snort your coke from.  I'll give it a star just for that! One time, a friend of mine decided that for her birthday she would moon everyone who came to hang out with her.  She wasn't kicked out, so hey, that has to be worth something right?"""""""
"""There is a new IHOP on Baseline Road near Val Vista, and that is what I am reviewing. Same menu as every other IHOP and, since it is new, it was a bit crowded and understaffed on a recent Sunday morning (around 10). We were told the wait for two would be 15 minutes. It was 30. OK, we can live with that. We were escorted to a table on the patio. Suddenly the hostess stops and says, \Well, there was a table.\"""" She was looking at a mature couple browsing menus. \""""Was that supposed to be our table?\"""" I said. She nodded. The patio happens to be in front and if you open the gate, you can head right in and easily bypass the hostess station inside. So we had been table-jacked. OK, it happens. But the staff did nothing but escort us back inside and thank us for our patience. When we were seated 10 minutes later (after a few groups were seated ahead of us), we waited another 5 minutes for a server, and another 10 minutes elapsed before she returned with coffee and to take our order. We got out of there at around 11:30. Ninety minutes for breakfast. OK, it happens. But not once did anyone come by to apologize, or offer us free muffins or something. Nor did they approach the couple behind the table-jacking (meaning they waited 0 minutes for breakfast, compared to our 40 by playing by the rules).  So no, we won't be back. We will happily return to JP's Pancakes just across the way, a smaller, more personable place. And their baked pancakes really are excellent and worth the 20-minute wait."""""""
"""The place:\nNon-descript strip mall location (why do all little ethnic places seem to occupy these out of the way locations?).  The inside is basically a few tables and a counter.  If I recall there was a TV on the wall?\n\nThe food:\nI tried the fantastic goat curry and was very pleased with the flavor and quantity.  As the side I ordered the fried plantains which were also quite good.  The \spicy\"""" rice was a little salty but good to soak up the curry sauce.\n\nThe bottom line:\nI would highly recommend the place if you'd like a taste of the Caribbean."""""""
I'm kind of in the middle with BJs Brewery I like to go here for lunch every once in a while. Overall the atmosphere is what tends to bring me back its very inviting and relaxing. The food is good I really enjoy their Santa Fe spring rolls as an appetizer, the pizzas are always up to par and lets not forget their skookie they have for dessert yumm!!!  I also love that they have pear cider on tap here where many other places I'm lucky if they serve it at all. Overall its worth stopping in and giving it a try.
"""authentic? i couldn't say. better selection than new england offers? definitely. okay so maybe that's not a high compliment for a mexican grill in the heart of the southwest, but after a very long day of walking around I stopped in (lone woman too) was quickly seated and served so fast i actually told the waitress \don't worry there's no rush\"""".  i got a green corn tamale which i've never had (and i do consider myself well traveled in the food world) and some really fresh chunky salsa that i downed in about a minute. refried beans and rice were very standard and not worth the extra money ($1.75 EACH) to add on to the $5 tamale, but what the hell. \n\ni've had hundreds of sopapillas in my life and i've never seen the type of sopapilla i was served for dessert, so i'm sort of at a loss for words on that. except of course that it could have used a lot more honey and powdered sugar. \n\nfor me this was the best option in a neighborhood of uno's, hooters, and other generic american bar food. mi amigo's was just what i was looking for."""""""
On arrival (monday 5:30pm) the place was about 80% empty. We were greeted at our table with a large bowl of tortilla chips and a small bowl of decent salsa. The chips were probably warmed but from last night - more than a hint of staleness. We waited about 15 min from order to delivery of our meal.\n\nI had the chicken fajitas and lemonade. There was a huge portion of rice and a decent portion of grilled chicken strips, with lettuce, cheese, diced tomatoes, and sour cream on a side plate along with a rolled tortilla. Everything was decent. The service was very good. I would give the meal several points above frozen food but not as good as many other places I have had chicken fajitas at. For this meal I would give the food a 3-star and the service a 4-star. The cost was very reasonable. For one drink, 2 refills, good service with Fajitas I escaped for around $18.  Will I go back again? Yes!  Check out the menu online before you go.\n\nThis place is in the far east end of the scottsdale 101 mall.
"""It's pretty cool that you get to make your very own special rolls, with toppings & sauces and you get to make a \meal\"""" out of your personal order. However, the price is a little steep for this \""""fast food\"""" environment! For prices like this, I expect a server, a menu and a little more atmosphere then their \""""subway\"""" look. Toppings are priced as add on's so be sure you know what you're getting & be clear on the added price of each topping. Other than that, it's a pretty cool place, I would visit it again IF I had too."""""""
"""This is one of the nice parks in Phoenix, with the lake, tennis courts, covered play area w/spray pads, the rides and the groundskeepers.  The landscaper (DB) seems to love his job and trims those trees beautifully.  I don't know what's going on with the \people\"""" hauling in bags of bird food, causing a huge plume of dust and feathers, and birds landing on PICNIC tables, for feces to drop everywhere.\n\nAnywaaaay, $3 for a 3 minute ride on the train?  Isn't that a little steep, for EACH person in your party?  I don't think that ride is even 3 minutes long.  Plus it's not open but on the weekends?"""""""
I was lured here by the good yelp reviews.\n\nHusband and I got the sashimi plate to test its fish quality. Salmon and tuna were good, but not great because the pieces were not thawed properly when served. The other types of fish - yellow tail, mackerel, white fish - were too fishy and chewy. Husband didn't quite like the octopus and squid because of the texture. We didn't finish all the sashimi.\n\nI got an eel roll. It fell apart. It didn't pass my rice test.\n\nGood as a neighborhood sushi place. But not worth the drive from Tempe.
"""Lasagna entree - $15\nBottle of meritage - $32\nTiramasu - $6\nSmelling cigar smoke, hearing a car alarm, and listening to somebody with whooping cough - Priceless\n\nWhere's the half-star when you really need it?! Veneto is stuck in the middle, between 3 and 4. So, do I round up or round down? Such a tough decision. I can't rate this 5 like other people, for I did not think the food was 5-star worthy. However, based on other factors, the rating of this place deserves more than 3 stars... yet doesn't quite reach 4. Allow me to explain. \n\nAtmosphere is 2-star worthy. Sure, sitting on their patio, tucked in the corner, makes for an intimate time with your date. Unless, of course, a car alarm goes off or you have to deal with a person coughing one of those rib-rattling coughs. You know the kind. Not to mention, people standing outside the \Veneto patio perimeter\"""" to talk loudly on their cell phones. However, inside the patio, patrons were respectable. The occasional loud, inebriated table does not a bad experience make. \n\nPrice deserves 5 stars. With two entrees and a fantastic dessert, price came to $45. That's pretty great for two people. Throw in a bottle of wine, though, and you're looking at an $80 tab, before tip, which means you're really looking at a $100 tab (atleast), for service definitely deserves a generous gratutity!\n\nService definitely deserves 5 stars. Our waiter was top-notch. Very conversational, friendly, professional and attentive. He recommended a bottle of wine that would suit both a meat-focused entree (lasagna), as well as a fish dish. The wine - lyreth meritage from Sonoma - was smooth, silky and a perfect dance partner to both our dishes. \n\nDessert deserves 4 stars. Never before had my date seen Tiramasu served with two sauces on top. It's almost like the piece itself was divided into two tiny countries. One sauce was chocolate. The other was espresso-based. I could have just had spoonfuls of the latter and been quite content. However, the tiramasu was heavenly. \n\nDecor deserves a 3, I think. Especially since the music they played didn't match the intimate and unique dining experience they offer here. It was too pop-ish and loud, even from sitting outside. When my date and I excused ourselves to the lavatories, we noticed semi-guady decor, high-back booths, rich creams and rubies throwing themselves against the walls. It wasn't a stomach-turning touch. Just a bit over done. A simple, clean layout would have done wonders for this place. Not to mention maybe a more subtle bar - without a blaringly bright TV set. \n\nFood deserves 3 stars. It doesn't deserve any more than that. At least not the entrees we had. My date had the special, which came with mussels, crab meat, salmon, etc. in a pasta bowl with a damn fine light and flavorful sauce. I ordered the lasagna, which was a generous portion. Upon first bite, I couldn't place the taste. I had had it before! Given some time, I realized why I felt like this lasagna could be a new comfort food. It reminded me of when I was 8 and my mom would make me Chef Boyardee ravioli. The meat sauce of this lasagna tasted just like the ravioli sauce I used to love as a child. But, let's face it, I didn't go to Veneto to satisfy my 8-year-old self. I came to impress my adult self and enjoy a lovely night out with a wonderful man. My date even said later that it did, in fact, taste like the canned ravioli. He just didn't want to say anything at dinner for concern of insulting me or the lasagna. (Poor lasagna...)\n\nHaving eaten at Veneto this past weekend, I sit here and reflect upon the place. While there, I definitely thought this was a 4 star place. Now, however, I can't convince myself that I would ever go back. And I reserve 4 and 5 stars for places that hook me, that become places I crave, places I want to experience again and again... as well as places that leave a lasting impression. To me, Veneto's lasting impression expired Saturday at the stroke of midnight.\n\nOver all, I think Veneto is a great place to dine. Don't get me wrong. This place is a hidden gem, for the service, the price and the overall experience make this place worthwhile. Just don't expect an \""""Oh My God\"""" moment from your food... or expect to dine in peace from the noise of street traffic, car alarms and awful music."""""""
Unlike other reviewers, I'm not on a first-name basis with the owners/employees.\n\nWe started with the spiced nuts (great) and the rock shrimp (average).  The shrimp seemed like a well prepared version of a TGIF appetizer.  Not particularly thoughtful or memorable.\n\nNext we had the asparagus (great) and the mozzarella (odd).  The asparagus was a great marriage of its ingredients, whereas the mozzarella left me thinking that the whole was much less than the parts.  The leeks, mozzarella, bread crumbs and fried egg didn't really complement each other.  The ingredients were each good, but the combination was, well, boring.\n\nFor entrees we had the bass and the chicken.  The sauce for the bass was great, but the fish itself wasn't noteworthy.  The chicken was tender, but I had to cut back on the skin as the rub was extremely salty.  The veggies (leeks and fava beans) that came with the chicken were great.\n\nFor dessert we had the chocolate mint creme brulee and butterscotch pudding.  The creme brulee was a mistake, as all subtlety was lost in the dish.   I wish they'd been serving a traditional creme brulee that night.  The butterscotch pudding was the highlight of the night.  The flavor was deep and complex and not overly sweet.  It was the best pudding I have ever had.\n\nThe service was solid.  We arrived for our reservation on time, and were immediately seated.  I liked how different members of the wait staff checked on us throughout the night, not just our assigned waitress.\n\nThe food was good but not great.  I appreciate that they use sustainable ingredients.  However, when you make a menu that small (the items I mentioned above represent nearly half the menu), there is little room for error.  When I factor in the steep price, I don't expect to be dining at FnB again, even for a special occasion.
Nice to see something living at the dying but not quite dead Town and Country.  Went to Trader Joes, stopped by Cypress for lunch.  It was just ok. Friendly service.  Competent but nothing outstanding that is for certain.  Had the Gyro dinner with the greek fries, not bad, pretty tasty.  Rice was bland, skipped that.  Also had the greek salad, average.  My coke was nice and fizzy, not flat.  I look for that too by the way.  I preferred it better there when it was a coffee shop so long ago.  But it is good to see some life there and people eating outside.  May go back, but never out of my way for the Cyprus Grill.  I can still see the ghost of Juttenhoops  in the corners of my eyes though.
I have been on a mission of sorts to find the best fry bread in the city. This wasn't it, unfortunately. The owners were nice but not too upbeat. The restaurant itself is in a small plaza that is easy to miss when driving by (I know because I've driven by it about 100 times and never noticed it). The interior of Sacred Hogan is a bit run down but appears to be pretty clean. \n\nI ordered red chili beef stew with plain fry bread. The serving size was fine, but a bit expensive for what it was. I felt like the stew was something I could make at home and probably with more flavor. The fry bread was ok but greasier and chewier than I like.\n\nI might go back to try the tacos or burgers, but I won't be in a hurry to do so.
The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good and I would have it again but the Pepperoni Pizza we had was a soggy greasy mess that we couldn't finish. I don't know if it wasn't cooked long enough or what but my wife and daughter both tried to pick up a piece and eat it and had grease running down their arms. I had to take napkins and mop all the grease off the top of the pizza which was better but didn't fix how soggy the crust was from the grease. You had to eat it with a fork because it was too soggy to pick up.\n\nDidn't really get to enjoy the pizza so we didn't get a real feel for how it tasted.
"""It's a pretty airport. But it's pretty spread out. Maybe it's just the US Airways gates or something ... I don't like how both times I went through here on my connecting flights I had the walk of justice to get from one gate to another on the same airline, 1.5 hours apart. I don't even have that problem at ATL.\n\nAlso - I can never hear when their employees speak over the loud speaker. It's supposed to be LOUD isn't it? I always stop and think, \are they talking to me?\"""" You never know what they are saying.\n\nI haven't had a problem with any delays or cancellations or anything. I just don't like the layout."""""""
Yes, they are in business, to generate a profit.\nYes, they have to pay rent.\nYes, they have to pay utilities.\nYes, the have to make payroll.\nYes, they pay taxes.\n\nYou will pay an upcharge, over the shippers' posted rates.\nWhy ???  FOR THE CONVIENCE. Plus to cover the above expenses.\n\nIf thats a problem, then drive to the UPS Terminal inTempe.\nRound trip, in gasoline alone, probably $6.\n\nIf you're returning a package, with the destination paying for shipping, apply their label .... and drop it off .... its FREE.\nThey'll even give you a reciept showing, they accepted your package.\nMake sure, you ask for that receipt.
The store manager got back with me via Yelp, which I greatly appreciate.  In thinking further about my review, I've amended it somewhat to reflect that the store is much more than just framing.  I would still not recommend their framing department, but the rest of the store is well-organized and has a huge selection of art supplies.  Plus, the staff seems very eager to offer expert assistance if you want it.  So a 1 star for framing and a 5 star for supplies leaves me with an aggregate 3 star review.
I have been by this spot many times and I needed a place to eat lunch so I stopped in... I entered the restaurant and was seated right away. But then I sat there for a good 10 minutes and watched the workers walk around  then I got to see the owners little kid decide she was going to sit with the consumers in the booth a head of me... Then the kid started crying and it just does not need to happen I was kind of shocked please leave your kids at home if they are not working at the restaurant.  I ended up getting up and asking the staff if I could just get the lunch buffet. I got a bit of everything to try I enjoyed the rice and the chicken dishes... The fish dishes on the other hand not so good the fish puffs were cold and not good and the one fish dish super fishy tasteing. The bread was really good that came with the meal... So all in all I would say I will not be going back anytime soon nothing to write home about.
i have been going to AZ art supply for awhile now. never really put much thought into the store. the selections of supplies are good, they have rows for each type of supply you might need. i can usually walk in and find what i need and be on my way. i still get a student discount even if i'm no longer a student. who am i to complain about that right? i was buying supplies FOR a student, so i guess it really still counts. now why is this not a 5 star review? well i silkscreen, and the silkscreening supplies are dismal, not a whole lot to offer me, and the prices are allot higher then Dick Blick, which is usually where i will pick up supplies because it is more affordable. yes i know supporting your local business keeps the money local, i've read the flyer a few times, but sometimes i need to get the most for my money, especially in these trying times. but if i cannot wait to have something shipped to me, yup for sure i will head to AZ art supply instead of some craft whore like Michael's
A little over a year later, I'm not so sure about Culvers. The food tastes good, but almost too good, like there's a chemical laced in to make you an addict. You know? I suppose this is just a personal taste preference. Honestly, the Butterburger makes me a bit sick to my stomach.\n\nI'd give them 2.5 stars and round up to 3 because I have not tried everything on their extensive menu and it's still a really clean establishment. As far as burgers go, I'd prefer Fat Burger (which is around the corner), or In and Out across the street.
I can't believe how this place has expanded! I was put off by FOUR hosts when we first walked up... told it would be a 2 hour wait and they weren't welcoming AT ALL. We were going to grab a drink and go somewhere else, but the waitress in the bar said she would serve us in there (Elizabeth) and she totally turned our experience around. \n\nFood is tasty. Don't have high expectations for portion size. I ordered the Pan Seared Escolar, which was wonderful It was served with snap peas and crispy potatoes. OK, so the potatoes looked like a Parmesan crisp served on top of the fish, not a side dish at all. There were 3 (THREE!!!) snap peas. Someone ordered the flash fried lobster, that was good. Someone else ordered the fillet - he said it was good. They still have the sticky buns...yum! White Cosmo was super great, best martini ever. \n\nPricey and a little overstated for my taste, but still a good experience all around. BTW... walked the restaurant after dinner, tons of empty tables. Don't understand the 2 hour wait???? Make a reservation... Thanks Elizabeth!
"""My wife and i went for lunch last week.  The food was so so and the service was a bit slow.  We both got lunch specials that came with soup, spring roll and fried wontons.  The soup was not what I would call a traditional Thai soup, the spring roll was too greasy, and the wontons were bland.  My wife got the yellow curry and I got Panang.  I ordered mine \Thai spicy\"""" but it was more like medium.  Next time we go for Thai we'll try the Thai Cafe which is just a mile or so away."""""""
Little Thai restaurant in what looks like a reformed diner. News plays on a flatscreen television on the far side of the bar and it wasn't busy at all [I have late lunch so it's to be expected].\n\nI don't know if I've ever seen so many 'rules and regulations' on a menu in my life.. $2.00 for a meat substitution..? My friend ordered the pad thai and paid $2.00 for three 'overcooked and nasty' shrimp.\n\nI ordered the pad thai as well with a tofu substitution. We also got a chicken fried rice to try. The lunch special veggie soup and roll arrived and the roll was tasty but the soup was extremely salty. Our food arrived and we dug in. My pad thai wasn't bad, but it wasn't spicy in the least [I guess I should have ordered it more spicy, my fault] and I prefer a thicker sauce personally. The portion was smaller than pad thai I've ordered from other places but honestly, it worked for me because I don't eat full portions anyways.\nThe fried rice was ...different. Not the typical certainly and I've never had Thai fried rice before. I didn't really like it but I don't know if that is personal taste or the restaurant's fault. \n\nI will say that my stomach started churning after I got home and still is, and the longer I take to write this review, the more sick I feel. Coincidence? I'm not sure.. but I do know I ordered pad thai, not MiraLAX.\n\nStaff is alright, food is alright. I, however, am not alright.
I guess there is something wrong with me because I really didn't think their beer was all that great.  They have the typical brews that all the other little breweries make and nothing really stood out from the crowd to me.  \n\nI went there last night at about 7ish with a group of  5 people.  Sleepy Dog should give fellow Yelper Evan B. some sort of reward because he is absolutely in love with this place and has brought about 15 new people here so far.  \n\nThere were like 4 other people enjoying some beer and that was about it so it was pretty quiet.  The place is very clean and had pretty unique decor as far as breweries go (well lit, not too loud, etc.).  In front there are about a 6ish tables, a couch, a machine that makes free popcorn, and some TVs up on the walls.  In the back is where the brewing happens.  That pretty much sums up the place.\n\nThe service was excellent and so were the prices.  Our waitress was fast, friendly and helpful.  Their sampler is probably the best I've had in a while.  You get 8 good sized samples for under $6 which is a great deal.  Between that and our table's 8 pumpkin beers, the total bill was $30.
[Scene] \n\nIt's 5:45 PM on a Sunday. A man and woman are in North Phoenix meeting some friends at Sala Thai for dinner at 6:30. With so much time to spare, they decide to grab an alcoholic beverage. Thanks to Yelp on the man's Blackberry, they see that The Blooze is right down the street. They pull up into the shopping center shared by Big Lots and park in front of the bar. They open the door to find a dimly lit room with a bar to the left. There is only one open seat at the bar, so they decide to order a drink and then go sit at one of the high tables on the right. A man sitting to the right of the open seat turns toward them. As he opens his mouth to speak, the man and woman realize that he is missing all of his front teeth. \n\nMan with no teeth: Take my chair! I'll stand. I've been sitting for hours!\nWoman: Oh no, that's ok. We'll just get our drinks and then go sit over there (points to high tables). \nMan with no teeth: No, please. I insist. Take my chair. Sit at the bar. We're all friendly here. (He struggles to stand up and then kind of shoves the chair towards the man). I mean, unless of course you want to make out or something. \nMan: (Laughs). No, I think we'll be fine. \n(The bartender approaches). \nBartender: What can I get you two? \nWoman: Two vodka sodas, please. (She and the man sit down in the two chairs). \nWoman (whispering in man's ear): We'll only be here for a minute, so you're ok with sitting here, right?\nMan: Yeah, yeah, it should be fine. \nMan with no teeth (extending hand for shake): Nice to meet you two. My name is Eddie Vedder. \nWoman: Really?\nMan with no teeth: Yeah, like the guy from Pearl Jam.\nWoman: I don't believe you. Can I see your ID?\nMan with no teeth: Yeah, I get this all the time. (Pulls ID from wallet). Here you go. \nWoman (turning to whisper in man's ear): Haha! It's spelled Eddie VeTTer. With two Ts not two Ds. (Hands ID back to man with no teeth). Great!\nMan with no teeth: Yeah, Eddie's my third cousin. My wife didn't believe it when she first met him at our family reunion. She was like you're related to Eddie Vedder the singer? Are you two married? I married my high school sweetheart, Christina. Do you have kids? \nWoman to man (whispering in ear): Oh. My. God. \nWoman to bartender: Can we get our check? \nBartender (incredulously): Oh, you don't want another round? \nWoman (handing bartender debit card): No, thank you. We're just going down the street to meet some people for dinner. \nBartender: Sorry, we actually have a $10 minimum to use a card, and your total so far is only $5.50. You might as well \nWoman: Wow, ok. I guess we'll have two more. \nMan with no teeth (who has been staring at bartender's cleavage this whole time): Haha, oops, sorry. I've been skiing the slopes for the last few minutes. \n(Woman squeezes man's hand as if to say OH. MY. GOD. WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?)\nMan with no teeth: So, anyway, as I was saying, I married my high school sweetheart. We had kids right away. We've been married for 30 years. Except we're separated. We are apart except for the good stuff. He. He. That's right. I'm so glad to hear you don't have kids. It's important to grow the relationship first. \n(Woman keeps glancing around)\nMan with no teeth: If you want to make out, I can leave you alone. \n\n[15 minutes later]\n\n(Man and woman are walking out to car. They turn to each other with looks of disbelief and speak at the same time). \n\nMan: OH. MY. GOD. \nWoman: OH. MY. GOD.
On Saturday morning, I made the trek to Book Trader and was greeted by a cranky old lady who immediately asked if the books I walked into the store with were 'trades'.  Following a reply, she spun on her heel and briskly walked to the back of the store without another word.  \n\nBook Trader boasts over 50,000 almost new/used paperbacks and audio books to choose from.   Books are half of the listed price and if you bring in paperbacks to 'trade' you'll receive store credit good toward future purchases.  Literature was grouped into the following sections (probably based on the popularity of their Sun City clientele)--huge section on Westerns, romance, classics, mystery/suspense, true crime, biographies, fantasy and LARGE print books which were a mix of everything.  Despite the extensive inventory, you won't find many books regarding sports, self-help, cooking, humor, magazines, or anything intended for people under the age of sixteen.  \n\nAfter selecting several books, another more friendly customer service person processed my purchases and even offered me some hard candy from a small dish.  I politely declined the peppermint/butterscotch/fruity candies and left to complete the rest of my weekend errands.
What I like is the food.  If you want a pretty good burger, American Kobe beef or bison, your way, sweet potato fries and a good shake, come here.  \n\nWhat I don't like:  If you also want to pay $15 for the burger alone, come here.  I really like this place, but the price is outrageous.  I brought my girlfriend here raving about how good it was and she really loved it, till she saw the bill.  She couldn't believe the cost associated for burgers and said she'd rather we go to d'vine where we spend less and get better food.  Again, great burger but it will cost you.
About the club: It was my friends birthday and she had flown in from LA to celebrate it with friends. I came late with a few friends and when I approached the bouncer I told him that my friend had a table and her name. The dude acted like I was lying and said the name wasn't on the list (it was) and said he wouldn't let us in. My B-day friend had to get the manager and bring him down before the jerk would let us in. \nOnce in it was a snob-fest at the highest of levels. I do OT often and so I am use to some of the Scottsdale snobbery but DAMN was it ridiculous here. \nI give the place 3 stars because once at the table the service was really good and the place is very nice.
The good:\n\nGreat happy hour.  Sushi rolls for $3 and $5, and until 7 pm.  Most sushi places put the basic rolls on happy hour, but Stingray added a couple extras - the Las Vegas Roll was good, with avocado, smoked salmon, and cream cheese, and wrapped in tempura.  Next time I'll ask for it without the tempura.\n--My wife ordered the chicken salad and loved it.  Its got some sort of asian horseradish dressing that was really good.\n--Great location (for me), nice decor (not great, but nice).\n\nThe Bad:\n\n--Service.  There are two BIG clues a bartender/waiter needs to learn:  1) If wine glasses are empty (or getting close), ask if the customer would like a refill rather than waiting for them to flag you down; and \n2) if my fork is turned over, I am done eating.  Ask if you can clear the plates and bring anything else.  I shouldn't have to sit for 20 minutes next to my empty wine glass trying to get your attention so I can pay my bill.  The manager kept walking right in front of us, also oblivious to the two BIG clues.\n\nMaybe I bring this on myself by sitting at the bar instead of a table, so your experience may be better.
When I found out I was staying at the Wyndham, I checked out the reviews and was not looking forward to a nice hotel experience. However, it is not as bad as the other reviews make it seem.\n\nI've stayed at lots of luxury hotels. Check out my list. I'm pretty picky too. And The Wyndham Phoenix is decent. It looks like they finally renovated their rooms. It's not that pricey of a hotel, so I wouldn't expect Four Seasons caliber. The 4pm check-in is ridiculous, I agree. \n\nI had a standard king room... it was nice and roomie. The decor is going for hip, sleek and modern, but kind of reminds me of a bachelor pad. It's definitely not my style, but I'm sure a lot of people like it. There's really nothing to complain about the room. It's nice. \n\nThe vanity area is terrific - large mirrors, great lighting and nice storage spaces. The shower has great water pressure... this is very important! Bath amenities are basically repackaged cheap stuff. Bring your own. \n\nThe fitness center is small and limited, but open 24 hours and free. \n\nThe lobby is really nice too. I would normally go hang out at the bar, but most of the people staying at the hotel right now are old enough to be my dad. \n\nFree internet access is a little slow. Room service is fast and the food is actually pretty decent. They have fantastic salad entrees.\n\nIf you're staying in the Phoenix area, go with the Hyatt or Wyndham. \n\nOn an unrelated note, I have 800 reviews.
"""3.5 stars\n\nI want to love the Ranch Market for so many reasons.  It's the closest Market to my house, it's fun and lively, the produce looks great, and the prepared food smells wonderful.\n\nBut I don't love it.  I'm actually somewhat annoyed by this store.\n\nNumerous times I have entered looking for something and haven't been able to find it.  I know you're thinking it's some wierd gringa item I'm looking for, but this last time I was looking for canned tomatoes to make chili.  Canned tomatoes!?!?!  I'll cut them a little slack because I actually sent the husband to do the dirty work and he couldn't find it after asking 2 or 3 employees.  I have a sneaking suspicion that they do actually have it there, because it would be ridiculous for a Mexican market to not have canned tomatoes.\n\nAnother time I took an out-of-town friend.  He was so enamored with the beauty of the bakery items that he wanted to photograph the many cakes and pastries.  But the tub-o-security rolled over and said \No Photographs!\""""  Seriously?  These people work so hard to make such beautiful creations and we can't take pictures?  Of food?  (Ironically, the next day we went to Taliesin West and were encouraged to take photographs of everything except the gift shop.)  And, we left empty handed because the store didn't have 2 of the ingredients we needed.\n\nBottom line:  If I'm incredibly unspecific with the ingredients I am looking for, I can definitely do some grocery shopping here.  But any ideas for meals are usually thwarted and I end up at Safeway."""""""
This place is in a questionable part of town.  The exterior and interior are simply decorated.  A little effort would be nice.\n\nOur server was friendly,quick and attentive.\n\nThe chips and salsa are good.  The salsa has a nice touch of spice to it.  I could always use more, but it is hotter than most places.\n\nWe ordered a cheese crisp to start.  It is essentially a super thin pizza crust with a ton of cheese meleted over it.  I love thin crust pizza, and I love cheese even more, but it could use some seasoning or some kind of sauce.\n\nFor my meal I ordered the cheese enchilada lunch special.  The enchiladas were ok.  The sauce was very good.  The rice was ok.
Hubby wanted to try The Nile Cafe on this past First Friday. It's within walking distance of our home, and by the time we got there, we were not the only ones interested. We got a table pretty quickly anyway in this TINY restaurant (4 cramped tables where people have to move the tables and chairs just to let people through). The menu is appropriately limited. We got a hummus sample plate shortly after we sat down. The regular hummus was overly garlicky and lemony for our taste, the artichoke hummus was zippy, but I can't imagine eating a lot of it, the cilantro jalapeno was quite tasty according to Hubby, but too hot for him to eat much of, and he liked the red pepper hummus best (as did the people at the next table). \n\nI ordered the spinach pie which had been described as 2 filo-wrapped spinach and feta appetizers. What I got was spinach and onions wrapped in a doughy triangle- clearly not filo, with no feta, and only one of them- which was fine, because I sent back the single monstrosity. Hubby had Howashi which was spiced ground beef in a sealed triangular sandwich- it was just ok. The true standout was the falafel. I once spent a summer at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, taking a Modern Standard Arabic class. We were strongly encouraged to practice our Arabic at a local diner which has since set the falafel standard for me. The Nile Cafe, at last, rivals those. They are crispy on the outside and almost creamy on the inside- not the least bit dry (which is a common problem)- and the accompanying tahini was also very delicious. \n\nThe falafel is the ONLY reason I am giving The Nile 3 stars.  The overwhelmed waiter/cashier/busser had to take our order twice, but did not ask us to pay for the spinach-thing or our drinks in the end. I hope they can get past the new restaurant snafus. We could use a Mediterranean restaurant in the 'hood.
Your sandwich won't be the only thing that's toasted at Cheba Hut. The staff is usually high (and not on life) and giggly. And while it's nearly a 10-minute process to get your sandwich (you order, pay and then they call you when they're ready to pile on the fixings), the food is pretty good even when you're not high. Cheba is one of my favorite places to go to cure a hangover the next day because the sandwiches are damn tasty. I recommend The Kush and The Kind.
We wanted to love this place - we really did; and first impressions were great as we arrived before they opened.  The bartender came out to greet us, offering us a table on the patio while they prepared the final touches for their 5pm opening.  He even brought us water and allowed us to order a bottle of wine while we waited the 20 minutes for the restaurant to open its doors.\n\nOnce seated at our table inside the restaurant it began to fill rapidly which we took as a very good sign.  We also appreciated the good service by our waiter & bartender who were both prompt and attentive.\n\nWith all the wonderful accolades this place receives, we first worried that perhaps we'd left our test buds at home - but then decided that wasn't the case, because the chicken meatballs & smoky tomato sauce we started with as an appetizer had plenty of flavor, just not to our liking. Please don't misunderstand, the entrees we had (Osso Bucco and Short Ribs) were beyond tender, but what both dishes did lack were flavor.  We found both to be just blah ... no other way to describe them.  Then the award winning fig and pecan pie arrived, and while we had no problem finishing it, we just couldn't give it the award winning kudos the name and server enticed us with. \n\nHowever, we did like the energy of the place & always prefer to support locally owned restaurants with owners who put their hearts and souls into their work.  It was obvious this was the case here, as all were present and working hard.  We just wish we would have been equally impressed with the taste of the food!
"""Arrowhead Mall....aka my ghetto mall but don't let that stop you from shopping here. For the area in which this is located.....this is as nice a mall as you can expect to find. Your not getting get Fashion Square on Bell Rd. in the NW sector of Phoenix, won't happen. \n\n* Great selection of stores \n* No Nordstrom here but there is Macy's, Sears and JC Penny \n* Security staff are highly visible \n* Clean mall, Westcor operated \n* Tons of parking, no valet parking and that would be a nice addition \n* Expansive food court\n* Movie theater on site \n\nIf you live on the west side of Phoenix this is probably where you shop or will be shopping. This is NOT a destination mall that you drive .45 minutes or more to because its more of an experience that shopping anywhere else. This is a basic indoor mall with some nice stores and works well for most people's need to \hit the mall\""""."""""""
"""Can someone please tell me what's so wonderful about the food here, because I experienced a very average--and somewhat overcooked--omelet here. \n My friend got the waffle and chicken for breakfast, and, again, I say, \meh.\""""  I don't like heavy waffles, and the type they service is very thick and heavy.  The chicken?  It was just okay and nothing special.\nAm I missing something here I should be tasting or is this a case of the King has no clothes on?\nI can say, however, that I had an excellent guy for a server and the owner seemed mighty sweet to everyone...always a plus.\nI'd go back, but I'm not expecting all that much."""""""
I was starving so I gave in and decided to check this place out. Small place, nothing special inside (which really does not bother me) but good service. The hummus was very good and the pita bread tasted very fresh. They do have a very large menu and prices are very decent as well considering the large portions. My entree was meh- like I said I was starving so it did the job. No alcoholic beverages of any sort. Entree did come with either soup or salad (large salad) and either rice or fries. Had the rice and salad which were both alright. \n\nI did leave with leftovers but couldn't tell you if it was because i was just too full or my taste buds just weren't really diggin' what I was throwing in there. \n\nHeard about it, tried it, don't have it down in my datebook as of now to head back.
"""When it's in town, the Arizona State Fair holds many attractions within its gates; food, music, animals, and most importantly of all, rides. The first thing I noticed on the drive into the fairgrounds is the fifteen story high Ferris wheel. It is gleaming in the surrounding dark, sticking out like a diamond in the rough. The other rides surround it, sparkling and full of movement. When I first saw the Ferris wheel,  I was certain I wouldn't be riding it. No way would I voluntarily go up that high into the air. Was there even oxygen up there? \n The rest of the rides looked relatively close to the ground and safe. Lines snaked out from their entrances, full of people with their kids, eager to get those few seconds of thrill. My date and I decided to purchase unlimited ride wristbands, which were a little pricey, but cheaper then buying tickets. One of the first rides we picked was a typical log ride, because of the short line. It sat at the feet of that too-high Ferris wheel. The ride was quick, with lots of speed and followed through with it's guarantee to get you soaked. \n The next ride I wanted to experience was something that is usually called \The Scrambler\"""", but it was nowhere to be found. Instead, we settled for the tilt-a-whirl. It was nothing special, gave you exactly what you expected. In fact, most of the rides weren't very surprising. Almost all of the rides I had seen before at one fair or another. You'd expect to see something new by now.\n We rode ride after ride, and by then, I decided I was ready to get on the Ferris Wheel.  The line was unusually short. Of course, as soon as we took our place, the line quickly grew longer.  After waiting  twenty minutes for the group before us to finish, we finally entered our gondola. As we rose into the air, you could at first see the entire fairgrounds, and then you could see all of Phoenix. Lights and buildings went on forever, stretching out into the expanse of the desert. I no longer feared the height; the view captured all of my attention. \n The Ferris Wheel was the last ride we rode and was probably the best part of the fair. Looking back, the fair fell short of many of my expectations. It seemed somewhat outdated and dirty for a state fair. Some of the rides I expected to find were nonexistent, and the rides we did find were nothing new. Overall, it was a fun experience, but probably not an event I would recommend spending lots of money at."""""""
The most recent time I went to RA, the hostess was MIA so I walked past the entrance and stood awkwardly at the bar for a few minutes. A girl whom I assumed to be the hostess walked by me and I smiled dumbly, hoping she would assume I needed help... but she smiled and kept walking. So I walked back to the hostess counter and stood there waiting for her to acknowledge me. Basically every time I go it's a version of this story.\n\nThe sushi is cheaper than Stingray and better than Sapporo, but I almost need to prepare myself for battle to just get a meal there.
I guess I'm spoiled - I'm from the northern California coast where sushi means fresh fish. This tastes more like frozen and thawed out fish. It was, ok. We went on a night when you can get smaller rolls for a deal, but most of their rolls are remakes of themselves. Lots of tempura stuff and spicy tuna was not at all spicy, bummer. I'll go back because it's right down the street, but I'll try completely different rolls next time.
Was shopping the farmer's market Saturday with my friend and we decided to grab a bite to eat before heading back home. The smell of burgers wafted through the air as we shopped the market so we hurried around it and made our way over to Blu Burger. The restaurant is indeed BLUE...so we sat outside on the patio which was lovely. \n\nI originally went in intending to order a burger but quickly found that the menu boasted many other choices that looked appealing. After much deliberation, I settled on the Grilled Chicken Sandwich with a side salad of mixed greens. The salad dressing was a mango vinaigrette that was delicious! The sandwich was served on whole wheat toast with tomato, avocado, applewood smoked bacon, romaine and a light spread of mayo. It was a wonderful tasting sandwich and the salad complimented it perfectly. I will order again for sure next visit. \n\nMy friend ordered the bison burger (no bun, wrapped in lettuce) and the side salad without dressing. Per all her special requests, the meal didn't look one bit appetizing to me. But again, if she weren't on a special diet and received the order as it comes, it may have been more appealing. Nonetheless, she said she loved the taste of the burger--her first time having bison--and would order again. \n\nBetween the delicious meals and very attentive waitstaff, I'll be taking the hubs here to try out for himself in the very near future.
My son wanted Indian food so we stopped in here based on yelp reviews.  We had the lunch buffet, which is a very good value for the working lunch crowd.  The garlic naan was just the right amount of crisp and very flavorful.  The standouts from the buffet were the tandoori chicken, butter chicken and both the vegetarian and chicken curry.  The tandoori chicken was flavorful and covered with perfectly grilled onions and peppers.  A little dry but expected on a buffet.  The butter chicken and curry dishes had good amount of vegetables and flavor.  What left me wanting was the lack of spicier dishes on the buffet.  For good Indian spice...order off of the menu.  Overall, a good value for solid Indian food.  Not knock your socks off, bring guests type of dining.
"""3.5 stars. Based on one experience. \n\nLet me tell the story.\n\nIt was the end of May. The year, 2007. I was excited beyond belief to come face-to-face with one of my favorite indie bands, Voxtrot. I love everything about this band, so you can imagine just how stoked I was to see them live. Tickets were like $8, too. Steal! \n\nMy friend and I arrived early, thinking we could hang out and grab a couple drinks. Well, the opening bands weren't done with rehearsal. So, we patiently waited outside. The Wrecking Force van was parked out front, and I stared at it like it was a piece of gold. Nearby, Voxtrot gathered, laughing, smoking... I told my friend, \I'm totally telling people I hung out with the band.\"""" If proximity counts, I wasn't lying. Sure, I wanted so badly to walk up to the band, ask 'em about Austin (their home city; one of my fave places to visit), but I couldn't think of any words. I was star-struck, to be put it mildly. So, I only watched from afar. (Grr. Why did I have to be so shy?)\n\nFinally, we were let inside. We grabbed some drinks at the bar. The mixed drinks were okay. People slowly began to gather inside and the energy of the place picked up. Only, the opening band was still rehearsing when the show was scheduled to start. So, we had to sit through that. All I could think was, \""""Put Voxtrot on stage! I only want to hear them!\"""" \n\nWell, about 8:30 the opening band  went on. It was a local band. They were just okay. I was fidgety. Next, Au Revoir Simone took the stage. Nice music, but it started to put me to sleep. So, I drank more. \n\nFinally, finally! Voxtrot took the stage and I was super excited again. I told my friend I'd probably move from our front row seat in the bar area to go stand in front of the stage. Sure enough, I did. It was around the third song. They opened with \""""Kid Gloves\"""" and played \""""Your Biggest Fan.\"""" I was jazzed up. That's when I went to stand in front of the stage to sway to \""""Soft & Warm\"""" and jammed with \""""Firecracker.\"""" I sang along. This was great. \n\nThen... oh god... could it be... The power went out. The band lost sound. It was a nightmare. \n\n15 minutes passed while the staff tried to figure out the glitch. There was a light at the end of the tunnel. Would I hear more Voxtrot? Yes, but just one more song. They got the power back up and the band took the stage again for, what they said, was their last song. Whether or not they planned it that way, the power went out AGAIN. \n\nIt was a super big disappointment, although I at least got to see 'em live for about 5 songs. I looked the band in the eye as they played. I sang along. I swayed. I smiled. I laughed. I only wish it had lasted longer. I left Anderson's very, very, very disappointed. \n\nThat's why Anderson's gets 3.5 stars from me. It COULD BE a great little bar to see a band, like Voxtrot, who is striving to make it in the industry. It COULD BE a great little hang-out place. But I don't think it was built to support live music... obviously. Maybe with some renovation and some upgrading, Anderson's could be one of my fave places to catch show. I give the manager and event planner props for bringing Voxtrot to Phoenix. That alone deserves 5 stars, if you ask me.\n\nhttp://a5e.net/"""""""
Aye chihuahua!\n\nSo I'm mucho hambre and it's Christmas at 10pm on a Sunday. Bad combination for finding food out there. \n\nBut lo, I see a shining beacon. Is it the North Star leading me to the new born Baby Jesus? \n\nNO! It's Eriberto's! Praise the Lord God Almighty!\n\nArriba, arriba!\n\nI had the California burrito which is potato, cheese, pico de gallo and meat. I ate half of it and somehow it changed from burrito to brick somewhere between my mouth and my poor stomach. \n\nWould I return? Um... No.
Came here for my best friend's birthday as it's her 2nd fav restaurant after Stonehorse in Tulsa.  She knows the owners, so we figured this would be the perfect choice. We clearly didn't need a reservation as the place was almost empty when we entered.  I was joking around with the host telling him I'm quite the yelper and that was I going to review his restaurant. \n\nWe were waiting on two more coming from the airport, so the server nicely came over to tell us that we needed to make sure we had the order in by 10.  We went ahead and ordered wine and appetizers, which it took the waiter quite some time to figure out that we may have wanted to order some apps before the last two arrived.\n\nThe food arrived and I had the lamb.  It was not so delightful nor memorable.  The grain was dry and the lamb was overcooked (more like medium as opposed to med-rare).  I was not impressed.  \n\nAt the end of the meal, apparently the server asked the person who paid if he meant to leave that tip.  It may *not* have been enough, but if you have any sort of class in my opinion, you shouldn't ask your customer if that's what they meant to leave.
"""I kept hearing about how great Al's beef was so I knew I had to try it for myself. I looked over the menu and ordered the regular Al (6\) and an order of the buffalo blue fries (Real potatoes drizzled with chunky blue cheese and tangy hot sauce. I would say the Italian beef had a unique taste not sure if that was a good thing. The fries on the other hand kicked ass I would order them again for sure."""""""
went to hillstone with a large group resturant is very nice and lots of favorites from the houston menu but the place really can't seat groups larger then 4 maybe 5 ...ended up in 2 booths separate checks separate waiters.we like to share items so that didn't work out and our patio bill got but onto one check...so one table finished up early the other sat around waiting for the check. i have to say the food was excellent and the decor and patio were nice..
"""I'm not getting what drives so many people into this place.  Went in there because the other restaurants around this place (strip mall) didn't offer any healthier options.  I tried to eat decently so I ordered the Asian Chicken Salad.  \nPaid $6. Waaaaayyy overpriced.  Got a small bowl of somewhat brown cabbage.  A few crispy noodles.  A few little chunks of chicken and 5-6 edamame.  Nothing to it for $6.  The dressing was decent tasting but paying the prices they get for \nothing\"""" does not make me want to come back."""""""
Well Pete's Fish and Chips,\nI'm mean its good I defiantly go there a few times here and there.  Im sad to see a long list of ok reviews.  I don't think this place is trash but defiantly not a big time restaurant.  Fish and Chips is a classic meal and Pete's success is in its following.   I took a trip to England and made sure I tried out a few places there.  Its all about the breading and fresh fish.  Sad to say reviewers are right about the frozen taste.  Defiantly not a fresh catch of the day here.  Breading and fish just has that very commercial taste.  Pete must have forgotten to put the love in the food.  Hopefully the reviews will speak loud enough for the owners to hear.  I hope to review again one day with better news.\n\nDear Pete's Fish and Chips,\nWhy such low stars, why so few reviews. Please don't say to your self the ok response is fault of the reviewers.  Pete your locations are popular and well known, why settle for ok, A few bright ideas here and there should do the trick. \n\nSincerely,\nyelpers
"""I liked The Ho, but I think I'm a wee bit older than their target demographic.  The dance party at the pool on Saturday was a little too Daytona Beach for my taste, but Sunday's more laid-back island vibe was more my speed.  If you can afford to rent a cabana, do.  It's nice to have a shaded place to return to when the sun gets too hot, and the Miami Vices (half strawberry daiquiri and half pina colada) go to your head.\n\nThe food at all the restaurants was good, but not stellar.  And maybe I'm just used to Chicago portions, but I remember looking at the plate thinking, \Where's the rest?\""""\n\nThe rooms themselves were quite nice, with a mid-century modern feel.  The linens were soft, and the Red Flower Icelandic Moonflower toiletries smelled lovely.  BTW, you'd better like the scent because it is everywhere in The Ho -- including hand wash in the bathrooms at the pool and the restaurants. \n\nI have two complaints about the beds at The Ho. The first is that they are too small for two people who aren't snuggling.  If you're sleeping in the same bed as a friend, you'll need to switch positions in tandem.  The second is that they're a bit too soft.  At first they feel delightful, but after sleeping on them a few nights you'll want more support.\n\nAll in all, if you're 20something and single, this is a great place to stay."""""""
"""This place will leave you unphogettable, whether it be good or bad.\n\nI have visited this place 4 times now.\n\nFirst trip: with my wife and daughter.\nFood was good, egg rolls good, then main course. It took 20 minutes for then to bring us 1 pho (for my wife), and 1 rice vermicelli with pork (only dish I ever eat).\nMy dish was good, and seemed like the portion was big, until my pork disappeared and the only thing left was lettuce. I think they included a small head of lettuce, little bit of noodles, and a tiny amount of meat.\n\nSecond trip: by myself since my wife delivered our second baby girl, and I wanted to surprise her with comfort food.\nOrdered a chicken Pho, and kids chicken Pho (for my daughter) to go.\nServer girl tells me that they do not make kids pho to go. Now I'm mad, but don't want to make a scene. I ask if I can get a side of noodles to go, in which she says \yes\"""". I ask if I can get a small side of pho soup to go, in which she says \""""yes\"""". Chicken? \""""yes\""""\nI'm thinking WTF is different from child's pho than what I ordered?\nTook my order and left no tip due to her stupidity!\n\nThird trip: with my wife, mom, and our now two daughters.\nPretty much same order as first trip, but my mom ordered same as me.\nMy wife, being Vietnamese didn't learn English until her late teens, always orders in Vietnamese (hey we are in a Vietnamese restaurant right?). I guess either the server we had didn't know Vietnamese, or was of a different nationality because no matter what my wife said, she ignored my wife and kept asking \""""what number?\""""\nAgain my food (and my moms) was pretty much a whole head of lettuce, little noodles, and little meat.\n\nFourth trip: with my wife, our two daughters, my mom, and my moms husband.\nAlmost same order as last time, but I ordered rice vermecilli with beef, my mom and my wife order it with pork, and my step father orders pho.\nAll of our food comes out, and again a whole head of lettuce, bla bla bla.\nBut wait, my wife's food is not here, and the server is at the othe side of the place laughing and chatting with friends. Everyone is pretty much finished, and still no food for my wife. I go get the server and tell her that my wife didn't get her food. She comes over and tells my wife that she is not sure what happened. She goes to the kitchen, then comes back and says she forgot to order it for us, but put it in now. My wife tells her \""""okay, please remember it needs to be Pork. \nA little bit later the server brings her rice vermecilli with beef.\nMy wife tells her \""""I ordered Pork, and I reminded you that it was pork\"""". \nThe server tells my wife \""""no, you order beef. I heard you say beef\"""".\nThen almost at the same time, my mom and I tell her very loudly \""""I ORDERED BEEF, AND IT WAS OVER 30 MINUTES AGO!!!\"""". \nSo now the server is just standing there mumbling something, but does not offer to fix it or anything, she just keeps standing there. \nSo my mom says she will eat the beef, and we will take the rest home and add pork to it for my wife. \nAs I dump it into a to go box, my wife says \""""wow, that must be a whole head of lettuce there\"""". Finally I was not the only one to notice.\nMy mom offered to pay, and as we were walking out, the owner says \""""do you want me to replace meat with pork?\""""\n\nEven though the food was descent tasting, we will never go back there again after those repeated experiences.\n\nTheir horrible service deffinately makes them unphogettable, but in a bad way."""""""
I enjoy a good sandwich just like anybody else and Dilly's does a decent job.\n\nWhile they use quality ingredients, their style of sandwich isn't really my favorite. I had the full sandwich portion and it is a generous helping, unfortunately, it's mostly bread. For me, the best kind of sandwich focuses on what's between the slices and serves up plenty of it.\n\nThe service was surprisingly efficient. There was a pretty big line of people when I walked in, but the staff managed the crowd very well and kept the line moving. I didn't have to wait long for my order either. They have a good system in place to get your order out in a reasonable amount of time.\n\nI'll go back to Dilly's eventually, but it's not something I'll ever crave or go out of my way for. I want to give their soup a try; the bread bowls looked promising. If I'm in that area and craving soup, I'll stop in again.
I rode along with a friend to Scottsdale for the day and she treated me to lunch. We ended up going to Stingray Sushi near the Fashion Square Mall. They have a great patio to sit out on and enjoy a nice day in AZ. The sushi was good we got a Vegas roll a Philli roll and a California roll pretty standard and then a order of chicken yakitori. Between three of us it was plenty and our friend had plenty left over to take home which was good. The Vegas roll was mildly soggy from all the eel sauce when it got to us and the chicken was dry but it still tasted alright. The service was pretty good both times i have been. I would go if i was in the neighborhood and wanted sushi.
My daughter only gave it two stars I  will give it a more generous three. Last night I had a hankering for Japanese food , I was tired yet wanted something we hadn't tried before. So we ended up at Bamboo, which we have passed literally a million times and never gone in.  I was thinking what if this is a little gem and it's been here the whole time. \n\nThe service was fast and not bad , waitresses were very attentive and thoughtful.  But the food just didn't match any of our wishes. I was also distracted by large carpet stains on a dark rug , you have got to really make a mess to stain that bad. So get it clean up people ( Can I recommended EPIC carpet cleaning ?)  The best part of the meal was the miso soup which was pleasant and had mushroom, tofu and chives  nice taste from there it just was as Bri said meh. I picked up a piece of Ginger at one point  and said this it the tastiest part of the meal .. aren't I funny?  I ordered Tempura cuz I have wanted  to  find tempura for my mom  but this just tasted like onion ring batter on all the veggies and very greasy like an onion ring . Great if you are PMSsy and want  fried veggies.. than it would be perfect.  \nThe sushi we ordered was unremarkable , a mediocre caterpillar roll with brown avocado ,  a Las Vegas roll  that just tasted blah  and something else I cant remember .   \nI would only eat here if people threatened we were going to Olive Garden or this place , I 'd take this place.
"""If you've ever traveled for work, pleasure or by yourself, it's hard not to have the secret little fantasy of meeting a beautiful or handsome someone on the plane or grabbing the same bag at baggage claim as you stop and gaze into each others eyes and then flash forward to a few years down the line when you are boring your friends at a dinner party with yet another recap of how we met at \baggage claim, hehehe.\""""\n\nWell, if that fantasy is the one in your head, then the Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is not for you. Ooof, talk about a healthy crop of f'uglies. I have never seen so many unattractive and swarthy looking characters in my life. Huge pot bellies, women lacking bras, kids screaming and running around and nobody smiles. What's up with that? From the time I exited the plane, to the time I got to baggage claim, I attempted a good 24 smiles and nada. Cheer up Phoenix, it's only travel.\n\nThen there's the kiosks. Maybe I am not hip to Phoenix airport fashion trends for Winter '07, but yikes, there isn't one thing I would have purchased even if everything is only $10. However, if you are looking for Messican food, then there is a plethora of options to choose from. \n\nOn the plus side, this is an easy airport to zip out of and pick up seems easy enough. I arrived around 6:30ish and it was an easy breasy pick up, so there you have it. \n\nI'm returning later this week, so if you are reading this and you see a tall girl with a bright orange coat smiling at you, dammit, shoot one back!\n\nOh, bonus points for the guy walking ahead of me in the Anchor Blues jeans that he tye-died himself. Apparently, he's starting up a business of selling them. Tye-died. Anchor Blues. Wow. Just, wow."""""""
It's hard not to like sushi when it looks just like a dragon.\n\nThat comes courtesy of Moira Sushi in downtown Phoenix, a hip little spot with a sushi bar and an array of other Japanese specialties, including shrimp tempura and edamame.\n\nMoira has some of the best miso soup ($6) I've ever had, and this time, I also tried their seaweed salad ($5). I wasn't as big of a fan of this-it was really soggy, not crunchy like I like it, and I had to add some dressing to give it more flavor. It's an extremely  filling appetizer, though.\n\nFor the main course, I like the generously portioned vegetarian roll ($7)-and my sushi chef even hooked me up with extra avocado!\n\nThe atmosphere at Moira is cool-dim blue lighting and candles. The wire chairs are pretty uncomfortable, and in such a pretty setting, I wish they were more cushioned.
Mini-warehouse style of predominantly American candies... all those goodies you bought from the ice cream truck or the local water store are here.  Pure nostalgia, and lots of fun ... I couldn't help but smile when I saw some items (Big Hunks!  for some reason, I did relate that to boys)...\n\nJust so you know what to expect, it's not a gourmet candy shop... so don't come here looking for a large selection of European chocolates for example.  I'll be coming by seasonally to see if the variety changes... I'm hoping for a huge variety of those little Lindt chocolate egg shaped balls you find all over Italy during Easter...  *cough*cough* ;)\n\nKudos for the rows of sugar free and section of novelty related to babies, etc!
"""I've been going into this Sears off and on since Fiesta Shopping Center was built.  Recently my middle daughter and I stopped in to check out their selection of Carpet Cleaners.  I had bought my vaccum from Sears in San Diego a few years ago and have been VERY happy with it.  I hoped I might have good luck with the Carpet Cleaner also.  Not so.  \n\nWe did see one we might have liked but the price was pretty high.  When a salesman approached us we asked a couple of questions and like a magician, he pulled the price sign out of the holder revealing another lower price.  When we still weren't impresssed, he said \Let me go see what the sale price is\"""", came back and WHOOSH! out came another sign at a lower price still.  Wow.  None of the prices could compete with Target, Walmart or Home Depot though, so we thanked him for his time and left. \n\n On the way out, I stopped to check the coffee makers, didn't find one like I was looking for, but spotted a pretty lavender (what else?) travel coffee mug that was about the same size and shape as the cheapy ones I use at home from the 99 cent store (not lavender) and it was on sale so I splurged and bought it.  THEN I left happy."""""""
Ok, I just stayed here and wanted to point out some points that you may find helpful before booking your stay.\n\n1.  Service at this resort is excruciatingly slow.  (Asked for a bell hop and after 25 minutes of no one showing up made the multiple trips down to the car to load all the bags)\n\n2.  Drinks are expensive by the pool.  (Try a pina colada for $12.  They are strong and granted we are in snottsdale but that still seems a bit overboard for a coconut drink)\n\n3.  The rooms are excellent, large and well appointed.  (although you have to pay for most of the fancy appointments)  The bathrooms are large and very nice.  The bed has to be one of the best I've slept in in a long time.\n\n4.  The lazy river is great for relaxing except for the fact that there are kids running and splashing everywhere with what appears to be absolutely no supervision.  Not even a staff will stop and tell them to stop running even though it is just an injury and law suit away.  The only adult only pool is atop the spa and you have to pay $35 per day extra just to get in to it.\n\n5.  The Meritage steakhouse at the golf course is far below average.  Service was slow and with noticeable disdain from the staff there.  The food is average at best.  Potatoes are pasty, green beans were stringy and the meat was just so so on being cooked right.  I would suggest eating off property if you are looking for a good steak dinner.\n\nI'm not trying to bag on this hotel to be mean but when you claim your a high end resort with lots amenities then the service, food and atmosphere must live up to those expectations and unfortunately this hotel/resort does not do it.
Where to start? Perhaps Greece? That is my recommendation to Niro. I think because this family restaurant is located in the dessert, there is a belief that locals have nothing to compare it to as you would in Chicago, New York, or Philly. If this place was in one of those cities, would they stand out? Sadly no. But, when we consider it being in Ahwahtukee, we give some grace . Diaspora longing for their ethnic fix of packed pita pockets plump with processed lamb and beef, prepared possibly by expats of any part of the world...will be pleased.  But let me throw this in. There is no seen evidence by Niro to be anything but an iconic representation     of what a Greek fast food place would be like run by someone not Greek would be like. It saddened me for example to not see fries done as they do in Greece, and salads without tomatoes and cucumbers (mostly lettuce) and not even the occasional greek song playing on the sound system. Still, Niro did pack my sandwich with meat. That deserves distinction. If they would also not be sparing with the sauce, it would be much better. I purchased more for $0.60.\nI am not sure what the extra cost is to get the sandwich hot. Mine was actually cold. But I ate it quietly thinking about how I might be able to make a return trip and not  expect more. Can I?
Like the place, don't love the place.  The drinks are good, I like their sweet concoctions especiallly.  Love the fact that there are weird sci-fi movies playing on silent in the corner.  Some of the art freaks me out, (local artists which change up the scenery every few months).  No food, you can buy popcorn or chips and dip.  For big parties you can beg and they may let you bring outside food, we were there for a birthday party and they totally flaked on us.  Made for some stressful moments for my friend but we got over it.  i will say that I like sunday nights.  then, a DJ spins some great tunes, just wish it had a real dance floor.
"""3.5 stars.  \nLocated in the heart of the \waterfront\"""" district in Scottsdale (yeah it's just a canal, and you can't see it from Sauce or most of the district in the first place, but it's the desert ok?), the unchain chain (it's a Fox Restaurant Concepts venue) does a nice job of good food at reasonable price and with pretty good speed.  Service is still a bit in training mode - but it did just recently open.\n\nWith a simple wall menu and pricing scheme, there is a large selection of thin crust pizzas - the kind you truly get in central and northern Italy.  While the cheese pizza I had was excellent, there were some nice mildly exotic offerings as well.\n\nThe beef lasagna was, for the price of $9, also a very very good choice.  While there was nothing wrong with the salad ordered (sorry - I think is was their Chicken and ? salad)  the order taker didn't know what type of lettuce (mixed) and it was way to light on dressing.  Good - but I wouldn't drive there for it.\n\nItalian beer (Moretti's - yum) was nice.  The wine by the glass was not  special.  Chintzy retro-ish juice glasses were used, the Pinot Noir (only 1 selection per category) was ok.  But to get a 2nd glass I also had to go back up to the counter.  Even though it's a counter order system where they then deliver the food to your number & table, it still seems they should go the extra step for additional orders of food and drink.  Soda was one of those all you can drink fountains.\n\nBut for a bill of $45 with tip for 3,in the heart of Scottsdale, it's definitely  a place I'll stop in again if it's \""""quick, casual, simple and tasty\"""" that I'm looking for.\n\nCheers"""""""
"""We were craving BBQ, and decided to try out a new place.  First thing we noticed was how clean and sparse the decor was.  I actually didn't mind it.  There didn't seem to be lots of lighting, but it was also still daylight, and they have huge windows surrounding the front of the dining room, so it was well-lit.  All the lights they did have seemed to have yellow light bulbs, so at nightfall, I was wondering if there was a yellowish glow inside, which would be difficult to eat by...IMHO.  There was also a delicious aroma, so we were quite hungry once we were seated and ordered.\n\nThey have a Happy Hour from 4-7 every day, and have appetizers for $2.  We decided to take advantage of that and ordered the potato skins.  They were delicious!  The potato skin was cooked perfectly, with the right amount of potato still left on.  They were loaded with melted cheese and crispy bacon.  They were not served with sour cream, which sort of surprised me.  Instead, they were served with ranch dressing.  Luckily, they didn't need anything, because when I did try the ranch, it totally overpowered the deliciousness of the potato skin.\n\nFor our main course, we got \The Big One\"""", which was a combo/sampler of a hot link, chicken breast, 1/2 rack of baby back ribs and brisket...along with 2 sides...for 2 people.  We were told they didn't have the baked beans, so we went with the grilled veggies and mac & cheese.  I don't like links, so my husband had that.  I did taste it, but agreed to let him have the rest of it, still not a big fan.  They served the ribs with a dry rub which had a very salty flavor to it.  They were cooked very well, just a bit too salty.  The brisket seemed a bit dry, and was only lukewarm, but was good.  The chicken looked very juicy, but wasn't as juicy as it looked.  However, the skin was very good.  The mac & cheese was the standout on the platter, it was hot and perfectly cheesy.  The grilled veggies were alright, it had squash, red peppers, broccoli and mushrooms.  The mushrooms were the best ones, they had a nice grilled flavor.\n\nOnto the sauces...they have 3 on the table.  There was a spicy one (too spicy for even my husband to use), a mustard-based one (a bit runny and vinegary) and their regular one (was overly sweet).  I ended up mixing the mustard and regular, but it was still incredibly sweet, even for me.  I like sweet bbq sauces, but this was too much for me, so I used it sparingly on the various meats.\n\nWe ended the meal with the bread pudding with a caramel sauce over it.  This was the best thing we had all dinner.  It was a big portion served in a large bowl, and it was wonderful!\n\nThe service was a bit slow, but everyone was very nice.  Our server did come over to check on us a few times, which is always a good move. \n\nThey're receiving 3 out of 5 stars from me for a few things...the delicious potato skins, the mac & cheese, the bread pudding, the cleanliness of the restaurant and the friendliness of the staff.  They're a bit out of our way, so I'm not sure if we'll go back there again.  But, if I'm jonesing for a delicious bread pudding, we may have to trek down there and order one up...try it, it was outstanding!"""""""
"""I would give this place 3.5 stars if I could, but I rounded it down to 3 because I don't want to get your hopes up. \n\nI went here for my birthday, and they were really nice. They seated us right away and brought us bread. And then we waited... and waited... then they took our order. And we waited.... and waited... probably 35-40 minutes for dinner. Don't get me wrong, it was good. I had the bacon wrapped tenderloin with the cheesy grits, which were really great. Then we finished dinner, and waited... and waited... I even put my napkin on the table to signal \I am done\"""" and we finally the free birthday dessert (the crispy tortilla sundae, which was AWESOME). And the we got the check, put the credit card in it, and waited... and waited.... I have had 6 course dinners that didn't last this long. And if it was busy, I would have understood, but it wasn't. And we were seated next to a POS system where orders are placed. WTF. I had a good birthday, but that was in spite of the wait at this place. I'm sorry, but waiting ruined what could have been a great dinner."""""""
"""Until last week, i was a 5 star enthusiast of Nobuo. I went to the soft opening with ma Boy Brian T, and have been back several times with him, his wife Tina T and other friends. this review is not about the food; which is a 5 star rating. lets be clear. this review is based solely on my most recent visit, then bumped up 2 stars for all of the past visits. Yup, if your a math whiz, i just said my last visit is a 1 star rating. unreal. I'm tempted to not even write this review. i love this place that much. but it was so horrible. we walked over (i live Downtown), heading to the science center, and decided to \attempt\"""" to try NoBuo on a Sunday for lunch. as we walked inside the awesome old school house, an overwhelming smell of cat piss almost made us vomit. seriously. it was like an old cat lady, with 86 cats died 3 weeks ago and the cats just pissed everywhere inside. imagine that. now make it real life. Boom. no exaggeration. Strike 1. So, we were seated (literally the only people in the entire place at 12 on a Sunday) and started to look at the food options. about, oh, I'd say .1 nano second into this awesome idea, we asked if we could eat on the patio. \""""sorry, that's for desert and drinks only\"""". um. wtf? really? so your saying i cant eat my Tapas pork belly sammy out side, but i can eat a freaking cake? really? get the Fawk out'a here. Strike 2. So, not to be an overly rude individual, we say \""""OK, we'll just sit outside and have a drink then head to Rose and Crown for a bite\"""". they were completely OK with this idea. Again, OK................ ? so the girl asks what we would like to drink, simple: 1 vodka soda, 1 vodka tonic. easy. we go outside, sit down, about 2 minutes late she comes back out and says \""""were all out of tonic water and cant make either drink\"""". strike 3. Done. i didn't say anything to the girlfriend or the waitress. if my money isn't good enough for you, then neither are my words. Luckily, the GF is even quicker on the draw then I. she was already passing the gate, leaving the place, before i could comprehend wtf this girl was uttering out of mouth. unreal. side note, as we sat on the patio at rose and crown, spending allot of money on liquor (which they gladly accepted) we counted over a dozen people walking into Nobou, and then immediately leaving. not one stayed. i guess the waitress got her wish; to not have to work that day. must have been an epic hangover or something. maybe it wasn't cat pee, maybe it was mustard gas. I'm really not sure. but it was nostril burning, vomit inducing, bad. just thinking about it now give's me nausea."""""""
Just so you are aware, phone calls are now 50 cents for 3 minutes. So proclaims the hand scrawled sign behind the bar next to the register. Even dive bars need a bit of order amongst the chaos.\n\nDucked in here for a cold one after walking the fest in Melrose, I'm just a sucker for a dive bar. Once my eyes adjusted to the darkness, I saw an amazing mix of people. Some almost hipsters, Indians and traditional barflys. \n\nThe Dos Equis was frosty and cheap, there was a back door for quick getaways or for smoking. Times truly are tough as I noticed on a trip to the men's room that three of the flys were passing around a hand made cigarette.
i saw this place on Man Vs Food. i've been to numerous restaurants that Man Vs Food and Diners,Drive-ins, and Dives has been to. the place looked great on the show. this is a small, very crowded place. i went during lunch. i have mixed reviews. the food was very authentic and good. i was very disappointed that they don't serve salsa and chips and you can't even buy them as a side. they have a large, extensive menu, but it was somewhat aggravating to read because it was a giant mish mash of foods and pictures and most everything was in spanish. so, yes, go for the food. it's cheap. authentic. no chips and salsa at all. i didn't order anything alcoholic, but the margaritas were huge. everyone was drinking some kind of fruity mixed drink and they are all very large. would i personally go out of my way to go here, no. good, yes.
I give it three stars b/c after my last experience I don't think I want to go back. Don't get me wrong, I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the vegetarian options but what I don't love is finding bacon in them. Every time I went I ordered their Greek salad. It SO good - BUT, last time I ordered it I got a nice surprise, a bacon inside of it. I brought it to the waitresses attention and she replaced my salad. The manager came out and apologized. I figured they wouldn't charge me for it, but, they did. I just thought it was odd. Any other place I have gone to wouldn't have even charged me for it. I mean, am I wrong here? I don't know. If you go and you are vegetarian just look carefully! Otherwise it's a good restaurant.
"""Nice place and growing all the time. Good selection of different kinds of meat including Kobe, Bison, Angus, Turkey, Portobello and Salmon. Thick and juicy and you can build your own. They still can';t get the meat cooked right though. You can place your order for Medium and It will either be too raw or over cooked. After being there for a year you think they would get it right??? Service can be \very\"""" hit and miss though when they are busy as  the kitchen is small and they keep it short staffed usually (probably a sign of the economy and rents in Troon North aren't cheap! Mostly busy in the evening. Look for the new location coming soon to Thompson Peak and Hayden in that general mall area. Hopefully they can build on the consistency."""""""
My friends said that if I'm looking for an amazing deli, I had to try Capriotti's. There are many cultural differences between the east and west coast - one of them is the definition of a deli sandwich. This place makes SUBS - not deli sandwiches. \n\nIf you are looking for an upgrade to Subway, go here! If you are looking for that classic Italian deli with amazing fresh bread and an interesting range of topping and condiment options, I guess you have to go out of state, as I just have not found it in Phoenix.\n\nI ordered the 20 inch italian - it sounded naughty. :) The roll was fresh and doughy with a slightly crunchy crust. The meat was extremely high grade deli fixings - salami, peppered ham, and some other italian salami, roasted peppers, pickles, and viniagarette. For being a sub sandwich, all three of us enjoyed it fully. BUT, it's not a deli sandwich - it's a sub.\n\nThe gentlemen behind the counter were SO NICE - I would come back just to talk to them again because it was like they were all one big happy family.
"""I would have given them one star except the manager the next day handled our situation perfectly!  I ordered a sushi roll (along with my husband) and our children ordered a meal.  I am a little picky since I only like \soy paper\"""".  Since I know that people sometimes don't read the paper - we specifically told the waitress \""""soy paper\"""" and pointed it out.  When all the food came; seaweed it was.  We sent it back, no problem.  Well the replacement NEVER came.  She forgot me.  My family was done eating and when she checked on us ONCE, we canceled it.  She was not apologetic, nor handle herself well at all.  When I did call the manager though, he sent us a gift card so we would come back and try them again.  Glad he did, or else we would have been swayed to not go back.  I feel they handled themselves well once the \""""person in charge\"""" knew what happened.!"""""""
I was sold on the reviews from fellow Yelpers that this would fulfill my need to see New Mexico-style cuisine somewhere in the vicinity of its native environment. The menu did that kitschy-kootchy faux old-time newspaper sort of look, which wasn't necessarily entirely user-friendly, but was serviceable, and the indoor water feature wasn't necessarily all that great either, but the waiter was charming, and the selections on the menu seemed interesting. The food was decent; my salmon wasn't exceptional, the salsa was a little more watery than I like, and if everything overall was not exactly as hot or as spicy as I was hoping, it wasn't bad. Basically, it's a step up from Chili's and the like, if still something short of a genuine Mexican food experience.
I came here last night during the heat and the fireworks to cool off and get some yogurt.  I've never been to this place before, and really needed something to cool me off.\n\nWhen I entered it was busy!  This was due to the fireworks as everyone and their mother was down here.  Anyways, the place seems to be pretty modern and hip.  Well decorated, cute and mostly sorta clean.  I think the girls working behind the counter were busy from all the fireworks traffic and heat, so I wont dock them points for the place needing a little attention cleaning wise. (tables needing a wipedown, etc.  Id rather have the counter service anyways.)\n\nAnyways, the place does yogurt and smoothies.I dont get the smoothies part. Theres really no instructions.  Everything appeared as if it were a yogurt dispenser. This is where they do loose points.  for starters, I did want a smoothie but everything appeared to be self serve yogurt.  So where the hell do I go for a smoothie?  Do I order it from the counter girl?  Do I do it myself?  I was a little unclear for a first timer.  Plus, with them being so busy, I didnt feel like asking questions or taking up someones time becuase it was that busy.  So stars docked for lack of instructions or directions posted anywhere.\n\nO, more points docked for this-why do they charge by the ounce?  DUMB!  Huge turnoff!  Why dont they do a small/medium/large system like the rest of the world?  Plus, I didnt know this until I reached the register, AND I did not see a sign posted anywhere about the prices!  I didnt like that!!!\n\nAnyways, the yogurt was good though, despite being turned off by the things listed above.
I'm giving this 3-stars because Pei Wei is what it is. It's not PF Changs. BUT It does offer some gluten-free selections, which is all I can really ask for in a restaurant. \n\nI always get the gluten-free sweet & sour chicken, and they have a non-GF breading on the chicken that's pretty legit. You can also ask for the edamame to be GF - which means they cook it separately from the other edamame (although don't ask me what it's cooked in). I wish they had more to offer on the menu, especially the dessert offerings like PF Chang's. \n\nThere's always 4-5 parking spaces reserved for pick-up orders, which is good because that parking lot gets SUPER full with Pita Jungle in the same area.
The hubbie's sister and her husband were in town and wanted to try RigaTony's since they have a friend who is a Snowbird and likes the place.  We had not eaten there in a while.  \n\nWe've been eating at Olive Garden a lot, mostly because I get $25 gift cards thru work. Having gone to RigaTony's, it will definitely be the go to place when we are dining solely on our dime and want a nice dinner and salad. It is well worth the slightly higher cost per menu item.\n\nI got the chicken with lemon and artichoke...yum.  I love their house salad.  One of my bunco buddies always gets that salad when it's her turn to host.  Hubbie liked the bread (and the salad).  The hubbie got the lasagna and enjoyed it...until later in the evening when he had some major acid reflux.  Getting older sucks.   Stubborn cuss won't try my crystalized ginger remedy...I haven't had a Tums in a looooonnnnng time.\n\nWe topped the evening off w/ a trip to Angel Sweet.  Yum.
My plane landed at 1:30. My friend took me straight to Z'Tejas for lunch, where we started in on some margaritas. We then hit 2 other places, and ended up at Saddle Ranch around 6:00.\n\nThere is a mechanical bull.\n\nA guy hit on us by telling us a racist joke as his opening line.\n\nWe then settled in by talking to 2 guys who kept their left hands in their pockets the entire time. Uh huh.\n\nI'm so glad I wasn't sober when we walked in, or else I wouldn't have been able to handle it. The universe was looking out for me that day.
"""I'm a non-traditional girlfriend, so I always forget what's expected of me during conventional gift giving holidays like Valentine's Day. And this year I totally neglected to get Mr. Man so much as a card. Dog house! (I thought we weren't celebrating! How was I to know that little sneaker was would bring a smile to my face with a cutesy, cheesy, tchotchky gift and card combo?)\n\nLittle did he know that I had an ace up my sleeve. An ace with lots and lots of titacular action. Bombshells! I know that nothing brings a smile to Mr. Man's face quicker than a pair of boobies, so we stopped by on Sunday for some sinful indulgence in an illusionary atmosphere. Being a non-traditionalist doesn't have to be a bad thing.\n\nSundays are 2 for 1 well drinks and domestic bottles before 7 pm, which is nice when it's $7.75 for a short gin and tonic. There's also no cover, an indication that Sunday nudity lures some guys that are reminiscent of your dad. Expect gentlemen in kahki shorts and button down shirts paying to have a lady rub their bits all over. But at least these gents are better business than the twenty-somethings that just watched the entire time, not a dollar bill in sight. Skeeze. \n\nIt's pretty easy to see which girls are enjoying themselves up there (or at least doing a good job faking it) and who's bored as all get out. We had some very enthusiastic ladies, especially after the shift change at 6pm, and they totally knew how to work the pole in their seven inch heels. Don't come here expecting tig ole fake bitties you usually encounter at Skin or other Scottsdale places. These ladies are au natural and I wouldn't have it any other way. \n\nWhat's nicest was this fact that they're willing to sit down and chat with you regardless of whether you're interested in a lap dance or not:\nLovely buxom brunette: \What are you and your girlfriend celebrating?\""""\nMr. Man: *baffled, blank stare* \""""Sunday?\""""\nLBB: \""""Wow! She's a keeper. Hold on to that one!\""""\n\nOfficially out of the dog house.\n\nIt's not a brusque, all-business attitude at Bombshells and even though I was the only girl there that wasn't on shift (aside from an awkward couple that came in scowling, stayed for three songs and booked it), there's no awkwardness about it. And since I'm a woman I get the supremely sexy treatment instead of the perfunctory titty shake when I tip.\n\nThe icing on our lecherous evening? Mr. Man got a lap dance and the Italian beauty offered to do a couple's one for no extra charge. Now that's class. \n\nMaybe I'm too harsh on the whole 'tradition' thing. Let's make this Anti-Valentine's Day of Debauchery a regular occurrence."""""""
I dined at The Arrogant Butcher last night while a Suns game was in progress. The place was packed on a Saturday night and you could definitely feel the vibrancy and energy throughout the restaurant. I was with a group of about 10 people and we had a great time conversing, our service was spot on and water glasses continuously filled.\n\nI loved the round dunkin donut sized pretzel nuggets as an appetizer. I ordered the Swordfish ($23) for my entree. The fish filet was about the size of my fist, so I'm thinking it was about 6 ounces. It was accompanied by artichokes, creamery barley, crushed chile and lemon. The Swordfish was just ok for me, I have had better. Oh how I miss Crab & Things.\n\nI will return to sample some other items on the menu. I'm guessing Swordfish is not their specialty.
"""\A-OK\"""" describes my feelings for Yard House fairly well during their late night happy hour, though it lacks a bit of enthusiasm that my brain interjects into the phrase.  It's probably a wobbly 2.5 stars. Walking in for the first time, I cringed.  Walking in on my second visit resulted in the same unconscious reaction.\n\nThe booths are huge.   Mammoth.  Think \""""I could crowd the entire Brady Bunch into this booth and still have room for the Partridge Family\"""" huge.  Apparently these tables are necessary for the giant crowds of sports fans they receive, but when it's two people swimming in this gigantic space, it feels a bit awkward.\n\nThey offer four types of cider -- Wyder's Peach, Pear, and Raspberry, and Woodchuck Apple.  I'm not a fan of Wyder's, at all, but it's definitely better on draft and the pear is a decent option.  Woodchuck draft is always a good choice if you enjoy the sweeter type, however, I'd certainly prefer pear to apple.  Regardless: $3.50 during happy hour, and it's hard to find a better price than that.\n\nI've never tried any of the entrees, but the half priced appetizers (almost reasonably priced for the quality!) have been pretty good.  The sauce on the Jamaican chicken wings gets a thumbs up, the pizza was much better than anticipated, and I definitely enjoyed the chicken lettuce wraps.\n\nI doubt I'll ever feel comfortable here, but it's certainly a place I would return during the right hour of the day if invited by good company.\n\nSide note: Who is answering the \""""Alcohol?\"""" question on the survey as \""""None\""""?  Twelve people have given this response.  Don't you realize that we're living in a post-ironic era?"""""""
I'm glad Sens is here, but I wish it were better. I've been here a ton of times and used to go to Fate. I like that the portions are small enough to share (tapas) but even sitting here I can't really remember anything outstanding that was like no other I'd had before. We used to live in the LA and Asian food is more common there, so maybe I'm too critical. I'm glad Sens is here but I just wish it were better.
"""Average food with good service.  Family friendly.  We've had the ribs, sliced brisket, and pulled pork.  All are okay, nothing super great, but not super disappointing...just what I'd call average.  The sliced brisket was not dry like it can be at some other BBQ places.  The ribs are the firmer \al dente\"""" kind, so not for those who have a big preference for the fall-off-the-bone type of ribs.  We all LOVED the fresh made BBQ flavored potato chips that they give you before your meal.  My husband really likes their mashed potatoes. The server was pleasant and attentive.  Drinks never got low before another was offered.  \n\nGo at lunchtime for smaller, cheaper portions on the lunch menu.  If you're looking for AMAZING BBQ, this isn't it, but it's good enough for an occasional lunch out with the family."""""""
Let me start by saying that this review hurts me to write more than any of you will know.  I actually really enjoyED the few visits that I have had to FEZ... but sometimes ladies and gentleman, customer service trumps all!\n\nI will say that this particular situation did not happen to me, but two very close friends of mine.  Based on how one of my friend in particular was treated, I will not return to FEZ.  A few weeks ago we all went in to enjoy FEZ's great Tuesday Night Signature Martini For $3 special... it is a pretty sweet deal, which makes this even harder!  There were three of us in attendance that evening and all of us paid with our credit cards.  My good friend goes home days later to find a charge on her account for FEZ that occured on a day when she hadn't even visited the restaurant... pretty scary right?  So naturally she gets a little worried that her bank account has been compromised, and contacts the bank and contacts the management at FEZ.  The manager on duty apparently didn't have the ability to remedy her situation and said that the restaurant manager would need to call her back.  According to my friend he was less than accomodating when returning my friends call.  He did however mention that there was a glitch in their computer system which caused this to happen to others.\n\nTo the restaurant managers and owners... sometimes a little compassion and understanding goes a LONG way!!\n\nI can't say anything bad about the food and drinks at FEZ, in fact, it makes me a little sad that I won't be able to enjoy them anymore!!
"""I was actually going to Panda Express when my dining companion spied this place next door and noticed that it was newly opened.  I like philly cheese steak and this seems to be their speciality, so we decided to try it.  The name, of course, is a play on the movie \The Godfather\"""" and the theme is played out with the graphics painted on the wall - the name hangs from the puppeteers strings.  \n\nThis place is clean and has an open, airy feel which is welcoming, unlike the guy at the register who sorta glared at us - I guess because we were busy staring at the menu board, but his gruff demeanor continued throughout our transaction.  Much in the same way that Joeys plays on the Chicago roots, this place plays out the philly roots, sometimes a little too much for my taste.  However, at least the menu board describes what \""""Wit\"""" and Witout\"""" means and they sell all sorts of tastycakes - which really looks like something I might eat if I was having a raging fit of munchies and could not afford the menu prices.  They pretty much follow a recent trend in keeping the menu simple, with only Ribeye steak or Chicken for the philly sandwich, some pizzas, hogies, wings and other stuff.\n\nAt the counter was a large, heated display case showing off some of their pizza's.  I was kinda hankering for some pizza, but looking at the display kinda turned me off - the whole pizza's and the slices appeared to have been stored there for several hours as they looked kinda dried out and not very appetizing.  They had a couple of thin-crust chees pizza's and a couple of slices with different meats spread on them, none looked worthy of even tasting for free.\n\nOne sandwich did interest me, \""""The Godfather\"""" Hoagie, as it has all the italian meats that I love, but being a good yelper, I chose to go with their speciality, the philly cheesesteak sandwich.  I had the beef witout and add provolone, small size and an order of onion rings.  The sandwich was okay, a bit dry and flavorless, but after I added some pepperoncini from the bar, it helped.  What was shocking to me was that simply adding provolone cheese added another $4 to my sandwich.  The onion rings were your basic fast-food onion ring and the portion was tiny in relation to price ($4) for a small handfull in a bag.  For three people having 3 small sandwiches, two regular drinks and the onion rings, our order came in at a whopping $26 - a bit rich for me for what we got."""""""
"""We heard about this place through a server from another restaurant, and we were excited to check out the allegedly \superb\"""" food.  After waiting a few minutes for a table, we sat down and put our order in quickly.  After the order taking, that was where the service ended.  We didn't see our server again until we had to flag her down for the check.  Emily G was our server, and possibly the worst one we've ever had.  It made the experience uncomfortable.\n\nThe food, on the other hand, was very good.  The Mexican chocolate mocha was DELICIOUS and we ordered banana nut pancakes, veggie hash, and eggs benedict.  The pancakes and eggs benedict were yummy, but the veggie hash seemed like more of a dinner dish than a breakfast one.  Maybe the hash would've been better if we got it with the over-medium eggs we ordered, instead of the scrambled eggs that came with it (another reason why the service was awful).\n\nWe recommend it for the food and the coffee, but NOT for the service.  \nFood - ****\nService - *"""""""
"""I'm struggling between 2, 3, 4 stars...  we'll see when I'm done.\n\nReally love downtown and truly support more destinations for food, drink and entertainment.   So the Sheraton opened about a year ago now.  I've been to a few meetings there, and also have stopped in to District for breakfast, lunch or dinner on several occasions on my way to something else downtown. \n\nPositives:\n- Lovely architecture and wonderful art, mostly from local Arizona artists which is a huge plus.   (Hint:  you can ask the concierge in the lobby for their guidebook to the art; it's not perfect but it's an interesting book.) \n- Very cordial, professional service.\n- All the food I ate at District was expertly prepared & presented\n- Everything I tried was delicious.\n\nNegatives:\n- There is nothing terribly exciting or inventive about the food on the District menu. \n- The biggest negative is the price - whoo-eee.   We're talking big city (\they gotta eat here because they're staying here\"""")  exhorbitant hotel restaurant prices. \n\nI tried Sunday brunch today... just had a simple bowl of oatmeal, which came with - oddly - slivered almonds and candied orange rind cubes - which were actually quite tasty in the oatmeal.   A side of potatoes - rosemary red new potatoes, grilled.   Yum there too.   A pot of hot tea, and then a glass of fresh squeezed OJ.   How much do you think my total bill would be?   I was a little taken aback by the prices - I've attached photo of the breakfast menu for your review.   I got out of there for around $25 - yikes! \n\nThey have a breakfast buffet which actually looks amazing - huge!   That's $15.95 and I thought it would be too much food - but if I had the ability to control myself I probably would have saved money by going that way with the brunch.\n\nOkay overall - it's A-Ok, 3 stars.   Too pricey for regular visits for me, but the type of place you can take your out of town guests to make sure they have a good meal, no penny pinching allowed!"""""""
"""Stopped back in here tonight & here's an Update since it's been about a year and a half.  I had a regular Whataburger ($2.94) & a small Fries ($1.49).  The dining room was clean & comfortable, the service friendly, & the sizes of the items right for the money.  The burger was well topped, with lettuce, tomato, & diced raw onions, on a warm, toasted bun.  The flavor of the meat was quite ordinary though, & fell well short of the best burgers in town, so it's another 3 Stars for this completely \ok\"""" but not special place.     :-)"""""""
I went here on a friday night, and the place gradually got more and more busy. By the time we left at midnight, it was really packed. The pool table area was pretty crowded, but there was enough space to play.\n\nThe only complaint I have about Cue Club, was that the cocktail waitress only came by maybe once an hour. We went searching for her pretty often. When it was time to leave and close out our checks, it took close to a half hour to find her and get it settled. Kind of annoying.\n\nThe drinks were good, and pretty cheap. The music was loud enough to dance, and I liked the projection screens playing the music videos.
"""Hoping for an indigenous Mexican food experience ( having read so on Yelp) I trundled to this place (which is next to iMart, A thai restaurant and a newly opened \Deshi snack food store\"""".\n\nService: Good and very friendly. I got the salsa/chips and the verde /roja spicy sauce for my taco served t me. I also got the medium Jamaica (even though I paid for the small). I also helped myself to their pickled Carrot and Serrano peppers (mmmm Spicy.. though I prefer the grilled peppers from Senor taco) \n\nFood: I chose to order the more adventurous Tripe, head and Shrimp tacos. \nTripe: Rather gamey and had a smell like the cow was having a bad day when it got chosen to be eaten\nHead: Interesting taste and smell (tasted a lot like a slightly off Carne asada). I was expecting portions of brain as well (but maybe after Bovine Spongi..what not,  its probably safer that I didn't)\nShrimp: Bit overdone (hence rubbery) but with a good griil aroma and flavor.\n\nAuthenticity: Definitely \n\nNet Impression: Will go here again and order the more traditional fare. I'm leaning towards the mole to make my final decision. As always Mom and Pop authentic stores always has a soft corner for me."""""""
Here's what my receipt says:\n\n===================\nSWEET TOMATOES\n* SALAD * SOUPS * BAKERY\n\n10/3/08 12:03 PM\n00000001#8427    **01\n\nLUNCH  $8.19\nTAX $.66\nTOTAL $8.85\n===================\n\nAs you can see, it says nothing that any Yelper would like to know, except for the cost of lunch. What was lunch? I went with the salad - just the salad - from the gigantic salad bar. No drink. Only water. So to me, that's one expensive salad. Sure, they have plenty to pile high on your plate, but I left feeling that I could make the very same salad for 1/2 the cost. \n\nAlso, if you're in line in front of regulars on the lunch rush, be prepared to have your personal space invaded. If you're not moving fast enough, they will likely just push you forward with their own trays. Seriously. I think I managed to throw together a pretty decent salad, but the fear of the lady with the big-lady-bag scared me to the register. \n\nI have no reason to go back.
"""Oh Primp and Blow are you lucky...and not in a particularly good way. I've been to Primp and Blow twice because I am such a idiot when it comes to doing my own hair and makeup. I had a very important interview for an internship in downtown Phoenix and wanted to go the extra mile of looking good. I was a little apprehensive given the owner's reputation on Yelp but since they were the closest to my interview I decided to take the chance. Can I just say, I adore their online booking system. The first time I went I understood other people's concern about their waiting area, as they simple have some round cushion thing past the receptionist to sit on. I didn't mind. The girl who did my hair the first time did a fine job (way better than I could ever have done), I don't remember if she offered me a Ipad but she and I had a great chat so I didn't really care. I told her I was getting my makeup done after at MAC (because, let's be honest, they're not hairdressers who picked up makeup as a side job but girls who devoted themselves to getting your makeup perfect...plus I get to keep some of the makeup). She was a little apprehensive about the wild MAC look and really encouraged me to use their makeup service next time. I left with beautiful hair, got my makeup done perfectly at MAC and had a successful first interview.\nFast forward to my second round of interviews, I decide to take the hairstylists advice and take the chance to get my hair AND makeup done at Primp and Blow. I always schedule my appointments a bit earlier than my interviews so I can never be possibly late but since my first interview that day was in the morning, I needed the girl to be really efficient with her time. I thought it wouldn't be a problem since their appointment system is so time-sensitive and gives you a time for when the appointment will start and then end. The appointment system also mentioned that I'd have the same stylist who did my hair doing my makeup. I even mentioned to the stylist that I had a interview in downtime Phoenix at 11:30 and which is why I made sure my appointment would end at 10:30, and give me sufficient time to get there. Once again, the hair appointment went perfectly fine. The the stylist tells me that their \makeup artist\"""" would be doing my makeup. Alright, I think, a little strange but whatever. So I sit in her chair and read magazines on the Ipad, since she got my hair done rather quickly I thought it really didn't matter to wait five minutes or so. Unfortunately I ended up waiting about fifteen minutes. Why? Well apparently the makeup artist didn't know she had to be at work that early. How do I know this? Because the receptionist desk was less than two feet behind me and ten minutes into anxiously waiting they decide to call the artists and I get the pleasure of hearing the most interesting conversation that goes along the lines of, \""""Hey are you coming into work?\"""" -\""""Really?\""""- \""""You're suppose to be here at 10\"""" and then the receptionist hangs up the phone and proceeds to tell the girl she was training that the makeup artist apparently forgot she had work at 10 and thought she had work at 11. I'm about to freak out. It is like, listen girls, you're all very cute here I know that you all know at the very least how to throw some lipstick on. My stylists comes over almost fifteen minutes after I was suppose to get my makeup done to tell me she's going to 'start' it. Honestly I'm just so freaking happy to get anything on my face and she actually does a pretty decent job...I pay, run to to my car in a frenzy and make it to my interview but it ended up being 15 minutes after I was suppose to get out of there. Listen Primp and Blow you are a service that caters to women with places to go and people to see, you need to be very diligent in getting your customers out at the promised time. I got the internship (yay me) which is the only reason you're getting  decent rating, but had you made me late because you didn't adhere to your own schedule, you would have received the worst review I could have fathomed. \n\nSo hair? Yeah A+, makeup....decent, but once again these girls are stylists first and makeup artists....second (if not third).  And if you're on a strict schedule I suggest you make this explicitly known, and still be prepared to be running out of there like a beautiful crazed woman."""""""
Had lunch here with Rand H, Robyn N, Arlin B and Mike C.  The last time I was in the building it was a Black Eyed Pea.  \n\nFor $4.95 for lunch +beverage, including desert it's a great bargain.  Most everything I tried was pretty good but not much that really stood out.  The serving trays were small enough that none of them sat out too long before being replaced.  The plates were on the small side, I saw this as a plus because it stopped me from piling too much food on, A bigger eater might not like having to make the extra trips.  The employees were all pleasant.  The physical building is getting worn, some of the tables having a slant to them.  Two of us wished there were some small bowls on the desert island for ice cream/pudding.\n\n$7.08 with tax for a filling lunch.  3.5 stars.
12/29/09\n(Disclaimer: Originally a four-star, but had to take one down.  Details below.)\n\nChecked in for another happy hour (HH)!  This time, I thought I'd try the Tuesday daily drink special, a Mango Sling ($5), along w/ a glass of red ($6 and up).  For nutritional sustenance, I ordered the Warm Goat Cheese Salad ($3.95 HH); the Stacked Chicken Quesadilla (around $6 HH); and the Warm Rustic Apple Pie (around $7 or $8).\n\nI really liked the Mango Sling!  Cool and refreshing, not too sweet and just the right tartness!  Don't quote me on the ingredients used, but I seem to recall mango puree and rum were involved.  Be careful, as the alcohol content is potent!  But then again, I was having wine AND a cocktail!  :)\n\nThe goat cheese salad was divine!  A definite go-to item, but I'm a sucker for goat cheese, and if you aren't, you are SO missing out!  Just sayin'.  [Before I proceed, I'd like to posit, why is anything deep-fried just so so yummy, yet so so bad for you?  Why must the universe/powers-that-be be so perverted like that??]   (Ahem...)  6 pcs. of slightly sweet and not too salty, yet crispy goat cheese on a bed of perfectly-dressed greens and a few roasted red pepper slices for garnish made for quite an appetizer!  If I ever am at a quandary as to what to have the next time I visit Grand Lux for happy hour, I know I can always order one or three of these starters, along w/ wine or a daily cocktail special, and I'll be happy!  (I don't think I can order just one, bec., well, for 1) it's just so delicious not to have more!, and 2) the few sips of wine AND the Mango sling were really powerful!)  \n\nI loved the presentation of the initial Stacked chicken quesadilla, but, unfortunately, I had to return the dish; Unbeknownst to me, it contained an allergen that was not included in the veggie description on the menu (why this is so, since everything else was on the description, I'll never know.  The manager said there were so many ingredients in that dish, so they can't list everything.  I just wonder why list all but ONE veggie, and an ever-increasing in popularity allergen at that??)  But no worries, he was glad to re-do the order and bring me a new one.  A few minutes later, I was handed a sparse-looking plate, sans the lavishness of the initial dish.  Where were the veggies?  I only had a complaint w/ the one!  And the ooey-gooey cheese?  Oh, well.  I'll survive :)  Especially after what came next... the warm rustic apple pie!  I politely asked if I could have the whiskey creme anglaise sauce substituted for the vanilla ice cream since the brand GL uses is made w/ corn syrup.  Management obliged, but not too happily.  [He gave me the eye-roll.  I think I'll take a star down just for that (as well as the allergen not being noted down on the menu).  I wasn't born yesterday, and I know that many have cursed me in the past BOH, but why let a paying customer see that unprofessionalism?  But overall, management complied, and I'm grateful for the good food had that day.]  The apple pie was hot, spiced just right, and not too sweet!  The creme anglaise really balanced out the dish.  Perfect!\n\nI'd go back, and I hope that management here, as well as in other venues, will consider adding all veggies used in their menu items, especially those known to be allergens, just so that customers may request these be omitted.  In the end, it'll save the restaurant money AND will make the staff shine even more brightly in their clientele's minds for such great service, for after all, what is The Cheesecake Factory, and its affiliates, known for but their excellent customer service, right?
"""Go here for food, not for the service. \n\n3 stars as a result.\n\nMaybe I just happened to have a server (Samantha) who was having an off day, but the service was non-existent. I arrived at 2:35pm on a Sunday and waited ten minutes to be seated. No, not because there was a line but because the hostess was not up front. I received a menu and ordered a glass of wine. When Samatha returned with the wine I was informed, and I quote,\ You know we close in 5 minutes, right?\"""" \n\nThis was somewhat confusing as the brunch menu clearly stated 9am-4pm. Anyway, I quickly made a selection and off she went. My food arrived in quick fashion and was better than I ever imagined eggs, arugula and bacon could taste on toasted white bread. \n\nHad I been asked I would have been interested in enjoying another glass of the riesling. That, or a first glass of water, but as there was no one to ask I finished my food sans beverage. After reading through a chunk of a guidebook I got tired of waiting so I ventured inside. While inside I decided to stop at the restroom. I waited a few minutes for a powder room to open up. When I came out Samantha was outside waiting with my check. Funny how that works. \n\nDisappointing as the venue is in a wonderful location and the food is stellar."""""""
3.5 Stars.  The building is great, the food is good, our server was friendly (though absent at times), but I didn't leave feeling it was worth the $100+ dollars.  And I hate valeting my car.  Valeting is like taking the elevator to me - I'll do it when I can no longer walk.\n\nMy wife ordered the white fish and enjoyed it.  A bit small without much of a side for $24.  I ordered a small ($9) side salad and a french onion hamburger (special of the day I guess) on an MJ Bread bun.  Both were good, but you don't get much salad for 9 bucks.  Good but not spectacular.\n\nAgain, the food was good, decent ambiance, cool building, but it didn't add up for me.  Maybe I'll be back, maybe I won't.
Went their for Eater Brunch, the food was good the service was OK. But I will say they were VERY busy. And when your that busy, its hard to keep track of where your at. \n\nI would say the only disappointment was with the lack of ability to keep themselves upscale on that day. There was food laying on the floor by the bar, and no one cared to pick it up, the bar was very dirty with uneaten food and dishes ever where. In my opinion, know what your good at, having a Sunday Brunch is hard to do. Because of that I would say raise the price slightly and don't bring on so many reservations.
Yet another restaurant that started with much too high of expectations. I heard from the construction boys that this was the best place in town. I mean, they really hyped it up! But I forgot that it was what it is- fast food. Good fast food? sure. But quick, and greasy! I'm not completely against grease by any means. I love their baby banditos. those little tiny morsels of goodness dipped in that butter... stuff... mm mm mm.. And the horchata.. very tasty. That is a good breakfast for me and I have enjoyed it on numerous occasions. But to tell you the truth, if it weren't for that butter stuff and their clever way of making tiny chimichangas and naming them banditos I wouldn't see much more in this place than I would in your typical albertos, filibertos, juanbertos, carlosbertos.. and all those other berto joints. All good, sure. But don't expect to feel your best after devouring, and also don't expect top of the line ingredients. So I may stop here again, if I find myself wandering in my old hood.. but as long as I'm over here in downtown, I will stick to the selection here.
Il Posto has some really good aspects and it has some so-so aspects.\n\nThe outside patio area is completely awesome. It's like you're sitting in a little Italian cafe, with one of the walls mocked up to look like the side of an old style European building. There are Christmas lights strung about in different locations, a small bar area, a lil fountain and some other cool decorations. It's worth a trip just to hang out in their decked out patio area, if only to have some drinks.\n\nThe service was awesome. Our waiter was totally cool, friendly and accommodating. \n\nThe fresh baked bread and oil with cheese dipping sauce was fantastic. Loved it.\n\nThey had local beer (Kiltlifter) on tap for only $3 a pint. awesome.\n\nThe salads and pasta entrees were just ok, which is the reason behind my 3 star rating. I just wasn't wowed by the main course. We'll definitely be back to try them again though, perhaps to sample their highly rated pizzas. I predict a review sequel in my future.
"""this place is as phoenix can get to the legendary tucson rock club, Club Congress, while completely screwing it up somehow to make it almost unbearable to stay at.\n\nit reminds me a lot of Congress because it is a two room bar with a small patio and many small bars. it is also is in a historic building that has a lot of theme nights, good drink specials, and sometimes has indie concerts. unfortunately the similarities start to wan there.\n\nthe main problem is the crowd that goes there, or the lack of crowd that goes there. when i moved back to phoenix about a year ago, i started going to the \pretty vacant\"""" night hosted by william \""""fucking\"""" reed there. it had awesome music, stella and vodka drink specials, and really good sound and lighting. the problem was that all too ironically, no one came to \""""pretty vacant\"""" night. \n\nnot sure if the marketing disaster was in the name, the fact that hipsters didn't want to go to a bar in downtown scottsdale, that people didn't know about it, that people like glam's \""""faux sho\"""" friday night better, or what. i kept going because it reminded me of when Club Congress did \""""The Optimist Club\"""" for a long time with no one coming, and it suddenly took off and became the biggest indie night in the city. but alas, \""""pretty vacant\"""" never took off. now william and company host \""""french kiss\"""" night at homme lounge on fridays.\n\ni only went to the \""""80s\"""" night once and that was enough. the djs there create an embarassingly stupid and cheesy blend of 80s, early 90s, and late 70s pop that attracts the completely wrong crowd. its average age is around 36 and weight is around 270 lbs. its hard to stay there more then 20 minutes without becoming so embarassed that you have to leave. there is also banners for some radio station, which i assume is equally terrible, all over the place which makes it really tacky in there. again, it makes me long for the 80s nights at Club Congress they have on mondays.\n\nthis place could be great, but unfortunately can't find a way to attract a good crowd."""""""
"""This place was good, but not great. And expensive, too, for my taste.\nBut, I went there with a group for lunch and wasn't sure what to expect.\nThe pizzas are not pies at all, but rather small and on a thin crispy crust.\nFrom azcentral: \The 10 pizzas ($10-$12) are personal size, about 10 inches. They range from the simple Margherita (tomato, fresh mozzarella, basil) and pepperoni to more fanciful pies topped with wild mushrooms, pancetta, red onion and mozzarella or prosciutto, pears, arugula and gorgonzola.\""""\nAgain, it was good, but not great. I would imagine that one of these pizzas and a good glass of wine, which they have a large selection of, would make for a nice evening of food, wine and conversation."""""""
Who knew that there were undercover cops on the light rail who checked if you paid the fare and asked for tickets? Having been thrown off the light rail in front of Hula's, I decided to stop in and have a cocktail. \n\nNattily dressed in my silk Hawaiian shirt, I felt right at home. I ordered one of the more expensive voodoo drinks and was surprised it was served with four straws. My bartender advised it was so big and full of alcohol, it was generally shared among friends, I advised him that I share a lot among friends (including the tab) but not my drinks. \n\nKnocking down the cocktail, I decided to cruise Hula's and check out the clientele (particularly any Hula Girls). Regaled in my authentic Hawaiian shirt, I was immediately mistaken as a waiter by the staff and diners. This led to me walking out of Hula's with $200 cash in tips. Needless to say, i will be back with another stylish Hawaiian shirt out of Condor's closet!
I must admit, I'm not much of a piano bar fan.\nIt's not really much of my scene. I stay close to turntables, headphones, and hip hop. That's my scene, that's where I feel about right. But I went with a group of friends (and in all fairness, my opinion for the rest of the night might be biased by the fact that all of my friends are hot young girls...) to this bar and had an absolute BLAST. The music was spot on (if predictable), the drinks were affordable and potent ($5/beer in AZ is spot-on) and everyone there was looking good.\nI had a great time. I won't lie. I can't give any more than three stars because it's just not my scene... but for what it was, it was a great time. \nI'd definitely come here again, but only with my crew of hotties.
[Value 3 stars, Food, Flavors, Service and Ambiance 4+ stars]\nI have been here several times for drinks but last night was my first night for food. \n\nQuite tasty but with some dishes you have to be careful....if you blink you will miss the food.  Yes, the menu does say small plates but I still think adding how many pieces come with the order would be nice.  \n\nEach bite was very tasty we decided to order a few dishes to share between 4 of us.  It is easier with some dishes than others.  \n\nThe bacon wrapped shrimp came 2 per order (expecting 4 for the size and price). If the shrimp had been the side of the bacon wrapped shrimp at Phoenix City Grill I wouldn't be nagging. \nThe Spicy wontons came in 4 per order with enough sauce for at least 8.  We asked for extra crisps for the carpaccio beef salad, it only came with 4 crisps, 8 crisps worked perfectly for the amount of salad in the bowl.   \nThe spicy seared shrimp was great.  There were about 10 pieces in a wonderfully fragrant and spicy sauce.\n\nWe ordered 2 small bottles of sake and those shared well.
I've always been one to enjoy Macayo's.  I usually hit up their location on central ave.  This one is definitely made for the college scene; part restaurant, part club (at least it feels like it).  We showed up around 6PM to meet some friends for dinner. Since it' was too crowded we sat on the inside.\n\nI couldn't get enough of their amazing chips n salsa.. I got nuts over that stuff.  After more people decided to show up, we had to move tables.   We had a great waitress who was cool with us moving.  Unfortunately the new waiter we had seemed like he just started that week.  After ordering about six different drinks, I think one came out correct.  It was busy, so we only asked them to replace a couple.  We're not that mean.  \n\nSo this week I happened to be on a vegetarian kick and I ordered the California Burrito.  Oohhhhh  it was tasty.  However eating literally a basket of chips, I could only eat about half of it.\n\nSo wonderful.\n\nSo yes I enjoy the food, just wish the services was better when we got moved. Just seemed a bit slow and getting our drinks wrong and one plate, didn't go over too well.
When we first moved to Scottsdale we went here twice and I thought it was pretty decent.  After settling in to the area though we've found other pizza places that I personally think are better.  But, nevertheless it was close by where we were and we decided to grab a quick lunch.\n\nThis was the 2nd time we've had the cheeseburger pizza here. It's quiet tasty if you like pizza and cheeseburgers.  I could do without the shredded lettuce on the pizza, but other than that it's very yummy.  A medium is the perfect size for 2 people.  We also ordered a Caesar salad which was not very good. The dressing was way to tangy.  \n\nFor dessert we shared one of those cookie in a skillet things that you seem to be able to find at every freakin' restaurant in the Phoenix metroplex.  Don't get me wrong....I love the whole warm cookie with ice cream action.  But, geez how about a little originality on the menu folks! \n\nBottom line, if you're in that shopping area stop by for dinner or lunch.  But if you don't live close by, don't drive out of your way to try this place.
So I did a google search for 'gourmet Mac n cheese' in Phoenix and this place popped up since they have 'The Mac N Cheese Plate'. I was really excited to try it since the description sounded great with 3 cheeses and bread crumb topping. I started with a drink called Ting Tang Tini and it wasn't too bad. The service wasn't awesome as our server wasn't the most attentive and she was kind of short with us while we were placing our order (and the restaurant wasn't THAT busy). So I got my Mac N Cheese plate and it looked okay, but nothing fancy and It was hot as lava and stayed hot for at least fifteen minutes, which I found odd because REAL cheese usually cools off faster than that. When it cooled down enough to taste it, I quickly realized that the '3 cheese blend' was really just some sort of plastic-like fake cheese such as Velveeta. There were hardly any breadcrumbs on the top, which was also a disappointment. I don't have a huge problem with Velveeta cheese, but if I am paying $11 for Mac N Cheese, I definitely expect it to be real cheese and somewhat a bit more Gourmet. Other than the disappointing pasta, Everything else was alright-nothing to write home about and I don't see myself going back there any time soon.
"""I am quite the food enthusiast and was curious to try eating at a Thai Restaurant here in AZ. Anyway, upon entering the restaurant I noticed the very contemporary and nice decor... Big flat screen TV & pretty decent prices because we arrived at 5p.m. I believe Happy Hour ends at 7p.m. The location is  near ASU and in a decent shopping plaza/strip mall. I don't want to be too negative so I'll try to make this short and simple... Keep in mind again that we all have our different perceptions and expectations on food flavors,preparation,presentation etc etc etc... We ordered 2 appetizers 1 Fried Tofu and 2 Thai Corn Cakes surprisingly they were both good the tofu came with a sweet & sour sauce which tasted good and the corn cakes that also came with the same sauce. I think the corn cakes would have been better if it were accompanied with either a honey syrup or some type of marmalade maybe even peanut butter sauce all in all not bad. Now, as far as the en-tree's go I was left a little not so satisfied... We ordered the Pad Thai Chicken which from other Yelpers reviews that say it is the best they have ever had.. Hmm... that I have to disagree  the noodles were overcooked the sauce way too sweet I mean it had more sugar than the Thai dessert that we ordered which was  Thai custard with black sticky rice w/coconut milk The dessert was alright it could have been a little bit sweeter the custard had a little too much jasmine syrup in it but, again it was ok. The drunken noodles aka \Pad Kee Mao\"""" was good. Finally  the last entree was the Grilled Thai Chicken. Hmm. it was not what we'd expected?? It was grilled Chicken Breast not so seasoned. It kind of reminded me of what should have been an appetizer like  Chicken Satay but missing the stick or skewer...Oh we also ordered Som Tom aka \""""Papaya Salad\"""" it was good the papaya was nice and crunchy however, we thought it could have used more hot spice to it. Keep in mind we ordered all the en-tree's with medium spice but for you spice lovers you may want to say Thai Hot or Lao Hot!!!! We did have a great server who kept checking on us and his other co-worker who asked us how the food tasted and we were polite in saying Good which in all honesty wasn't entirely true but,again overall our experience was ok. I don't think I'll be back anytime soon for the food but,if there is a sporting event or alcoholic drinks maybe? I do want to say this... if, you want really delicious and authentic Thai Food cooked by someone from Thailand please check out Thai Buffet in Mesa near the S.W corner of Mesa and Broadway. Really good food and overall good ratings from fellow yelpers like you and I. Good eats everyone!!!!"""""""
Stopped by here for lunch after buying a groupon 12 for 20.\n\nThe restaurant inside was very modern looking and chill could be a fun place to hang out potentially.\n\nI ended up getting a grilled cheese with a side of sweet potato fries and red velvet cake since I wanted to use the entire group deal.\n\nThe grilled cheese was real cheesy and good my only qualm was the bread.  Their multi-grain bread was a little over powering taste wise.\n\nThe red velvet cake got somewhat contaminated by the pickle and grilled cheese in the box above it so I really didn't get a true taste for it.\n\nPrices seem a bit steep, but inline with the general area.\n\nI would likely go here with friends or coworkers if it was suggested, but I don't see going here again solo.
Fair Trade, I wanted to love you. I really did. I came back even after I paid almost $5 (including student discount) for my soy vanilla latte only to leave because it was too pack to find a comfortable seat. The downtown location brought me back and this time I was lucky to find a seat right next to the front door where I could see the Roosevelt portion of the light rail. Definitely the downtown feel. I ordered a soy latte and I almost asked for more espresso with my soy because it tasted more like coffee flavored milk than anything else. After a few hours of studying I ordered a turkey sandwich which wasn't too bad but couldn't make up for the lack of caffeine in my system. Sorry, fair trade but I tried. Until we meet again.
Great hip hop bar with an extremely diverse crowd. There were everything from b boys to crackers in this place. The DJ was good and spun some interesting music (happy to hear de la soul and tribe) plus they had some good local talent hip hop. Its a cash only bar but the drinks are very cheap so its not a huge deal and they also have an ATM on site incase you run out of paper. I ventured into the other side of it, and was kind of frightened. The flourescent lights were on, there was no music, and it was a friggin hole. Only thing that wasn't cool about the hip hop side is the female bartender that works there. 3 girls I was there with got kicked out, because one of them had an expired ID, not fake, expired. I figured after the doorman scrutinized it and let her in, the bartender should be ok with it. She kicked all 3 of them out because she deemed they were together, and why she let me stay (wasn't drinking) is beyond me. \n\n4 stars -1 for the crazy bartender.\n\nAlso please ignore the couple of reviews that say they take CCs for tabs. As of May 26th, they stopped doing this... Don't trip they say.
"""I have been here a few times. The coffee is definitely a notch above decent, which is rare, and they have a great selection of teas.\n\nThe space is narrow and long, which always reminds me of NYC businesses. Only... this place doesn't seem to have a \vibe\"""" to it, at least none that I can discern. It's a great place if you need some wifi and coffee in the neighborhood, or are going to BYOC (bring your own company). Hava Java gets the job done."""""""
I just got back from a four day conference here and all I can say is 'meh'. Sorry, but I don't know where everyone is getting all these good vibes about this place. Here is my experience:\n\n1. Got into the Phoenix airport and grabbed a cab. The cabby tells me it is about $50 from the AIrport. Ouch. 'It's not really in Phoenix, but not really in Scottsdale,' he says. 'Though they kinda like to pretend they are Scottsdale,' he adds.\n\n2. We pull up. It's nice. Doorman is nice. Lobby is nice. Checking in is nice.\n\n3. They give me a room. It is the last room down the longest hallway of the hotel in the opposite end from the conference. The view is of a construction site, a sliver of golf course, and construction. Double meh. The room is decent. The bathroom is very nice, with a separate tub and glassed in shower. There is a duvet on the bed. There is an HD flatscreen TV and a small balcony.\n\n4. I have an overnight envelope arrive at the bell desk. I need it for my presentation. They say they will bring it up. 20 minutes later, I call back. They say they will bring it up. 20 more minutes, I call again. They say they will bring it up. I get it about 45 minutes later. I have 10 minutes to dash the half a mile or so to the conference for registration. \n\n5. That night I eat in the hotel. I have a kobe burger. It is amazing. I have a mojito made by a bartender that I instantly consider a friend. I'm somewhat happier. I go for a walk through the network of wading pools throughout the middle of the hotel. Life is good. I go to my room and watch HDNet on the flatscreen. I like it.\n\n6. Next day during a break in the conference I go grab a beer and a club sandwich. The sandwich takes 30 minutes. For sliced turkey on toasted bread. I ask the waitress/bartender how long it will take as I have limited time. 'All these other people ordered first' is her answer as she doesn't even look at me and moves on to take other people's orders. It is not that crowded or busy. She then proceeds to yell at another patron because he asks what she put in his margarita. 'I KNOW HOW TO MAKE A MARGARITA' she shrieks at him. Everyone at the bar starts to get uncomfortable.\n\n7. I get to my room at 6pm. It has not been made up. There is a message on my phone. I figure out how to get my voicemail only to hear a 4 minute pitch from the hotel trying to sell me on a timeshare. Wow. I elect to put the Do Not Disturb sign on my door and minimize contact with the staff from here on out.\n\n8. No wireless in the rooms. Really? It is 2008. What gives. \n\nIn summary, I would say that if I needed to come here for another conference I would go - what choice do I have? But if for some godforsaken reason I wanted to go to Phoenix in September again for vacation, I'd look at something a little more polished. This place is just pretending to be a great hotel while merely being a decent hotel.\n\n1 Star deducted for that overnight envelope. 1 Star deducted for telemarketing me while I'm paying $300/night to stay there.
Quite good! Great beer list and interesting food choices. I didn't think the fries were as good as their reviews and I found the pretzel on the bland side. But the SAUSAGE is what this place is about and it is tasty! I'm not sure I like choosing my own toppings or sauces... I prefer that my dining experiences don't involve a lot of decisions within the dish. I rather like when a chef tells me how they envision the food is best... Ya know?  I digress...\nBrat Haus and it's owners are very cool. They always seem to be around to talk about the beer with my bf and the boys. They did a good job with the small space at hand and transformed the patio into a really functional area. Service is usually prompt and friendly despite being busy a majority of the time. Keep up the good work and I'll come back and have some more sausage.  ;)
"""Yet another restaurant that makes me wish there was a two and a half star category.... there really needs to be an \adequate\"""" rating that lies between two star \""""I've had better\"""" and three star \""""A-OK.\""""  \n\nWe had pho and banh xeo.  The pho was adequate but not outstanding.  The banh xeo was mediocre at best and quite expensive for what you're actually getting.\n\nNot a lot to say about it really.  Fine if you're in the neighborhood and craving a bowl of pho and don't feel like driving to Chandler for better food."""""""
We were staying at the Royal Palms for a couple of days and everyday we would have breakfast at T Cooks. It was delicious. \n\nMost memorable the frittata with artichokes and sundried tomates. \n\nDinner wasn't so great - I wouldn't recommend. The dishes were too strongly flavored for the ingredients. I had a mushroom soup that I couldn't finish - it was way to intense.  Also had a monkfish wrapped with bacon which is normally a great combo but I'm not sure what oil they fry with or what amount they used, the dish was over powered and the freshness of the ingredients were lost.
4-stars for going for an afternoon lunch and a few beers during the summer when the college kids go on vacation/home. The locals come out and this is the nicest time to go. Casual and the hipster-level is minimal.\n\n2-stars for going during the night anytime from Wednesday-Saturday when ASU is in session, unless you enjoy being consumed in the maelstrom of hipster oceanic hell that consumes this place during these times.\n\nThe food isn't great and is rather overpriced for what you get, but it's basically average pub-grub (price aside). I'd avoid the Reuben, though. I don't know what they do to their corned beef, but it's like chewing on corned beef-flavored rubber. However their club sandwich is reasonably decent as is the fish and chips (although occasionally the batter is too thick).\n\nThey have beer specials every day of the week for $3 a pint, which is great. I've never had a problem with any servers, though. Occasionally they'll be a little absent-minded, but c'est la vie.
The food here is pretty good and very traditional.  They have a very large menu of all sorts of sushi and all sorts of other Japanese dishes, including LOADS of noodle dishes.  The sushi selection is awesome and the menus have pictures of everything.  The price is very reasonable.\nWhy did it get 3 stars?  The service.  I've had to wait a VERY long time to be seated and the wait staff doesn't come around a lot.  The sushi cooks are kinda rude and didn't talk to us at all.  But if you can get past the horrible service this place is worth a visit for the food.  The price is good too.
Located on a road that has more art galleries then you can imagine. Enjoy a walking art tour after dinner.\nTable seating is a little crowded.\nService is attentive.\nHas a small bar to have a drink at while you wait for a table, make a reservation as this restaurant stays busy.\nThe menu has a large selection and the prices are good.\nI tried two of the three soups on the menu. Both had good flavor and the size is more then you can eat. For appetizer the 4 of shared the spring rolls that were fair and a soft shell crab that I think should have been cooked a little longer. Overall not a bad place if you are in the mood for Thai food.
Yes it's true, it's worth all 5 stars. A quaint little place out of a home renovated into a restaurant. Every server greeted us, asked about us like we were old pals, just wonderful wonderful customer service from the moment we walked in, to the time we left. We had an order of the traditional fresh spring roll which was delicious and fresh, however I do wish they would serve more than just one that's been cut in half. We ordered a lychijito and mango fizz drink which were ehh...okay at best. But We had ordered the spicy shrimp (I forget the actual name of the appetizer), which I could eat all freaking day omg!!! Unfortunately they were out of the pork when we wanted to order the crispy spring roll which was a bummer, but the spicy shrimp was an excellent dish that we forgot all about it. However, if you have a low tolerance for spice, this is not a dish for you cuz it is spiiiccyyyy. Lucky for me, I love spicy foods. Then onto the pho dish itself, now I've had many a bowl of pho, and I'll say it's one of the best bowls of pho ive had. You can literally taste the difference between this $10 bowl vs. your $4.50 pho at a grumpy Vietnamese noodle house who just stare you down as you sit down, and stare at you when you say thank you when served your food. The beef tastes much cleaner, and more delicate. The broth is a good beefy broth that has not been watered down, and even the noodles are of better quality. Yum! Yum! If you're going somewhere else for pho, DON'T!\n\nCame back a 2nd time, not so blown away maybe it was the service the first time that was so awesome but ehh not so much the 2nd. The egg roll has NO flavor and for some reason the Pho here was just not as up to par the first time around. Not to mention it is twice the price as a regular Pho place we just end up eating at Pho thanh on 19th ave and camelback instead.
Sunny's has a wide arrange of hair extension products and the girls are always super nice here but based solely on price they get two stars. They sell extensions with the clips already sewed on the tracks which is super convenient yet INSANELY expensive. ($150+) Hair by itself (that you have to sew yourself) is also super overpriced. ($100+) They were out of my color entirely in the pre clipped hair last time I was in, as well as my color and length in the plain hair. My recommendation is to go to sally's and literally pay $50-$60 for the same real human hair, something I wasn't aware of until after I had already made my purchase. They also do not offer cash refunds.
I finally stopped in here for the first time! First of all, the girl at the register was super nice about explaining the menu and ordering process for us first-timers. I also like the free peanuts while you wait for your order. I ordered a little burger with bacon and the bacon was fantastic. It was crispy and they were not stingy with it. My husband ordered a regular cheeseburger. He said the cheese wasn't that great. I like the fact that they are hand formed patties but mine was falling apart which was kind of annoying. The fries were really good as well and I would like to go back to try the cajun style ones. On a side note, my sister went into the bathroom while we were there and she said it was clean and smelled like cinnamon so thats a plus as well! Overall, the food was good, but nothing to die for.
Teacher Appreciation day?  Is THAT how they appreciate teachers?\n\nFree gifts, food, and savings if you come.\n\nFree gifts = cheap office max tote bag (c'mon, I'm a teacher, I have millions of those!) and expo marker (like one's going to make a difference)\n\nFood = one lame gross cookie and thimble of punch\n\nSavings = coupon for $15 if you spend $100...yeah, that's going to help for all the money teachers spend.\n\nI know, I know...don't look a gift horse in the mouth.  But Come On here, at least offer us some good cookies and coffee.  Teachers like coffee.  And don't you think a big store like that could afford giving teachers some nice pens or something worth driving down there for?\n\nWhat makes me want to come to one again?  Silly people.\n\nAt least shopping there normally is pleasant.  Just don't use their printer ink refill system.  You don't save much money and last time I did it, it didn't even print correctly.
"""Don't take me wrong; I would like to give more stars - the place is charming, the service is professional and the menu creative. However, I found my strata cobbler (\best thing on the menu\"""" according to the server) too heavy on cheese and too light on eggs. Same with the crepes - too much cheese feeling. Conclusion: if you like cheese, creme fresh, real whipped creme (all of which were also served in plenty quantities) don't miss this place!"""""""
This place is okay at best.  BE VEEERRRY CAREFULLLL and dont listen to the Rep's BS.\n\nAny car rental tries to gouge the customer insainely. This place is no different. After 20min of talking, the Rep convinced me into a $6 upgrade. (Wish they didn't even talk)  by the time I left my estimate was $73 up from $33 for one day. I exclaimed but the Rep said they were just taxes and estimate and it will drop to $40 when I return the car and everything checks out. \n\nTurned out the estimate was correct. I spoke to the check out window and they said I was 2min late (due before 12 my ticket was stamped 1155, go figure). So they deducted that but now its $50. \n\nI spoke to the rental counter and the lady played with a calculator for 10min and said she doesn't know. After another 10min she gave me $10 back. \n\nWish I didn't have to waste 30min of my life talking, but they actually did give me the car for the price originally quoted so they get 3 stars.\n\nSo I say just be very careful and dont let them scum you.
Established in 1958, Los Compadres has been offering Phoenix classic Mexican food at great prices for over 50 years.  Here you will find the Mexican food standards tacos, nachos, enchiladas, tamales, burros etc. made fresh to order.  In addition, they have egg specialties, salads, charbroiled chicken, and their something different selections...  They have 10 combos that include 2-3 items each for under $8 and lighter combos for under $5.  Los Compadres is a excellent alternative to the fast food chains claiming to serve Mexican food.  Catering services and party trays are also available.  Their hours are Monday through Saturday 10:30am to 9pm and Sundays 10:30am to 7:30pm.
Took my oldest son here to look for some used tennis rackets because he wanted to try out tennis. I didn't feel the need to purchase new since it was probably going to stay in the closet, so we went here. I've been here before when I was looking for a driver to replace my old one. Anyway, I was taken aback by the prices for used tennis rackets. Obviously, I had no clue what to look for in a used racket, but then again, I wouldn't even know what to look for in a new one. With the help of the sales guy, we settled on two. I wasn't too bothered by the sticker shock considering he let my son fill up a whole plastic bag of used tennis balls. That was very generous and it made my son even more excited to play tennis. I'll come back again.  I think this location carries enough variety, although I probably would like to check out other locations.\n\nUpdate: The rackets are sitting in the shoe closet, haven't been moved in months.
The joy that was Gelato Spot has lost it's glimmer . Tonight's visit was a jumble of poor service  and icy flavors . Maybe I am just jaded by the newer places I have been to  but this didn't taste fresh ,I keep feeling like I was tasting icy flavor instead of pure flavors.  \n\nAs for service get your act together people , you have five families in your store and you have no idea how to serve them , scoop for this person .scoop for  that person ,serve half a party then start a different group , my daughter was done with hers before the last person in our group got served, bad form!  who is the cashier? , who is handing out scoops?, who is helping? ...what a mess!!
"""Quiet place for lunch on the weekend, but I'd wager it isn't so peaceful on weekedays with the Honeywell & other nearby workers.  Nice, new clean building.  Clean inside with more seating than most Gyro style places I've been to in the area.\n\nFalafel sandwich was nothing special, but nothing bad about it either.  However the \side\"""" of fries was very small.  In fact, now that I think about it was $9 for Falafel sandwich, \""""side\"""" of fries, and drink.  Not such a great deal."""""""
"""This is an addendum to a recent review I wrote after a disappointing dinner at Cafe Monarch two weeks ago.  I must report that Chef Christopher has been both gracious and responsive to my concerns.  I will admit that we did not complain to them directly the night of our dinner.  I believe he would have remedied the situation on the spot if we had.  I learned something from this experience and feel  that with this particular chef it would be  welcomed to comment at the time.  Chef Chris is to be congratulated for this, as I have found at other restaurants  commenting on the food was  meet with open hostility.\n\nChef Christopher kindly offered me a \refund\"""" which was not the intent of my review, but it is greatly appreciated in the spirit of exceptional customer service, for which he is known.  He communicated with me directly by email and was very generous in his solution to the situation. Thank you Chris for being so responsive with no hint of anger and the integrity to stand by your belief in your restaurant.  We will come to Cafe Monarch again next time we are in Phoenix."""""""
While doing some shopping around Arrowhead I felt a little nostalgic when my car ended up facing the Fuddruckers.  I worked at Fudd's as one of my first jobs in Calumet City, IL circa 1985...it was great, they used to give away all the buns that weren't used that day to the employees every night...ahhh....the memories.............\nThey aren't giving anything away these days-small burger with fries and a drink (FARKIN' YUCKY PEPSI B.S. PRODUCTS TO BOOT, as noted in previous lessons signs of a cheap-arse restaurant) was more than ten bucks!!  AND THAT WAS THE COMBO DEAL!!\nThe restaurant was empty as I probably went just as they opened at 11, so the friendly staff had no other patrons to tend so I was like a queen...The burger was as good as I remember though and so was the fresh bun.  Topped how I like, I wish they offered shoestring type fries though as I am not a fan of the wedges-they don't ever get crispy!!\nMy main beef (no pun intended) is with the prices, there's just not that sense of value especially these days.\nT Out :)
My friends and I have been to this place about 10 times now, but this time we were very dissapointed. \n\nWe didn't get the usual tingling sensation we are used to from the fuqi-fepien. \n\nThe kung pao shrimp had about 9 shrimps in the whole plate. \n\nThe beef hot pot was a 2/10 on the spicy scale and we are used to this place being a good 8/10 usually. \n\nThe only reason I'm giving it a 3/5 stars and not a 2 stars is because we've had it before and really liked it.
"""This place is a bit closer to my work than Jamba, so I was looking forward to giving it a try.  Overall it was a pretty lackluster experience, and I don't plan and going back.  \n\nAfter gazing upon the menu for a couple minutes looking for some kinda fruit/veggie blend, I finally asked the clerk if they had anything and he said \Nah, not really...\"""".  It's all sugary fruit blends, with the only veggie being a Carrot Juice.\n\nI think I'll save myself the onset of diabetes and give this place a pass..."""""""
So i have been here twice now for a meal. once for breakfast and once for lunch. i tried the ham & brie frittata. i dont know if its just me or if sweet eggs just isn't that delightful.  yes...you read that right...sweet eggs. When i eat eggs i love them to be either covered in ketchup and/or hot sauce, or plain with potatoes. Wildflowers country potatoes or whatever were nice and had lots of flavor but the chunks were like eating mashed potatoes per bite. which i dont mind. but i still love crackers and co. so much more.  Now for the lunch i tried...the sweet potatoe sandwich might have been decent if there was not the fig compote on it. I just hated the sandwich. i had to take it apart and eat everything seperated. except i just took the fig compote off and scraped it onto a napkin. blah. i might give them two more chances as far as breakfast and lunch meals go. but the onlything thats keeping them at a 3 star rating right now is their Amazing chocolate croissants and their yummy blackberry orange lemonade. Yummm. Seriously Those are my only winners right now and their bread with a little bit of butter...
"""Was starving because of being stuck at work so I quickly yelped \taco's\"""" and found this place right down the street. I knew it was there but it's always empty and I am not fond of eating at places that are empty.\nHowever, it wasn't bad...it wasn't wonderful either. I had the carne asada tacos and the meat was surprisingly steak like instead of thin like carne usually is. \nThe tacos were STUFFED full of meat, a lot of onions and all that.\n\nOverall, it was ok. Perfect for a quick meal like I needed that day."""""""
This place is a quaint spot in the old part of dt scottsdale we were going to try daily dose but they were packed so we scooted down the street .we have been here a while ago for lunch ,service was good and very friendly. i ordered the wild mushroom goat cheese chive  omlet i guess i should have inquired what mushrooms were used because all that they used were criminis and a small smathering of goat cheese and chives and a little under seasoned for my taste,my wife had the quesadilla which i had a bite of it was good
Ehhh....\n\nMy review is not based on the food as we ate nothing...sorry kids.  \n\nMaybe I am just not used to the chain restaurants-turned-bars-past-7pm thing they have happening on 83rd...  \n\nI went with a friend of mine to meet up with some neighbors for a few drinks and possibly pool.  After taking 20 minutes to park  (I get it, its Saturday) we walked in and were bombarded with 'bouncers' checking out IDs as though we were at some kind of swanky night club.  We walked in, found our friends and ordered a simple glass of wine.  Then evening continued just fine but for some reason these girls kept coming around trying to see us shots all night long and would be slightly sassy when we declined their $5 cherry bombs.  Sorry...\n\nThe bartenders were entertaining, service was fine, but the shot girls need to take their sales pitch elsewhere especially after we politely declined several times.  \n\nPros:\nGreat people watching...\nNot only do all sorts of people come here, but I saw a fight and the worlds tallest woman I have ever seen!  7ft tall maybe!!  Sadly this was the highlight of my evening!
Went to @PitaJungle for @SMUNCHPhoenix. My first visit.\n\nIt's a beautiful space, open and airy, and well lit.\n\nI ordered the Basic Pita Omelette;\nthe whole dish was a bit dry, so I added some pico de gallo, which helped considerably\nthe mushrooms were huge! Need to slice those a bit smaller\nthe amount of egg relative to the other ingredients was a bit lacking, but only very slightly\nthe pita might be better if it were slightly toasted; it became quite soggy by the end of the meal\n\nAll that being said, I did enjoy my meal, and the price was very reasonable for the amount of food.\n\nI would return to Pita Jungle.
I hit Zinburger for lunch a Tuesday, no wait for a table at 12:15, excellent start to the lunch.  However, we decided to sit at the bar.  Garrett was a great bartender for us.  Wines that went with our food and friendly service.  \n\nFirst time at Zinburger and I didn't even order a burger, not wanting something too heavy, I ordered the chinese chicken salad and zucchini fries.  Both were fantastic. \n\nThe atmosphere was nice, no one too loud, I didn't have to yell to talk to my friends, always a plus.\n\nI will have to go back to order a burger.
So Weekends are usually hubbys choice and he decided on Rock Bottom.\n\nI don't mind coming here, I really like their Mac and Cheese.\nYou can get it with or without chicken.........years ago the chicken was this really thin shaved peppered chicken and I thought it was awful so I have since always ordered without chicken.\n\nHowever today Hubby chose the mac and chicken and I was surprised that now they use real chunks of shredded chicken breast!! YAY! \nWhat and improvement!! It was really good! (see pics)\n. \n\nI got  the Turkey Bacon Cobb sandwich minus bacon =Layers of juicy oven-roasted turkey breast on grilled sourdough bread with sweet peppered bacon, sliced avocado, roasted tomatoes, sprouts and mixed greens. Topped with rosemary dressing and Bleu cheese crumbles (see pics)\n\nIt was better  than I expected, they forgot to put avocado on it though and\nthe bread was really really good and for being grilled it wasnt over saturated with grease.\n\nThe onion rings could have been crispier but were OK.\n\nLame waitress today she was new but whatever...she sucked!!
This is a solid three for me.  We went for happy hour last thursday and had a couple of margaritas, the tune appetizer, which was very good. We also had the shrimp tostadas, this was not bad, but neither exceptional.  It was just competent.  The prices during happy hour are great.  The service was not that great, though.  When we got there, we sat at the bar.  There were a couple of servers/bartenders? at the end having a conversation.  I kept making eye contact and they saw us, but kept going on with their talk.  Finally the other bartender who was there got to us.  All in all, this is a good place to go when you have some time to kill during happy hour. We used to come here a ton a few years ago.  I guess when you are single this is one of the spots to hit.
We are in town for the week and came onto yelp looking for places to eat for dinner. We decided to find some good korean restaurants. We were originally planning on going to Seoul Jung but called and the number was out of service and 411 said no restaurant existed. I believe they are out of business. So we went searching for another korean restaurant and this restaurant had good reviews. We also checked out the menu as well and decided to give this place a try, even though it was 20 miles away where we're staying, we're glad we came!\n\nWe were debating between doing BBQ style or ordering individually. We decided to go individual. We ordered the Kimchi Chigae, Galbi Dolsot Bibimbap, and Daeji Bulgogi Soft Tofu Combo [got the Seafood Soft Tofu], and OB to drink. The ahjumma brought out some salad to eat, which was lightly marinated with some sesame oil and soy sauce. And then our banchan's came out. The banchan was pretty good, but we've had better banchans in cali. [To True L: there are refills the banchans. just ask her for more.]\n\nThe Galbi Dolsot Bibimbap came out first and it looked really good. My Mr loved how it tasted. We've had bibimbap at many korean restaurants in socal, and he thought this one was the best he's tasted. My Daeji Bulgogi combo came out next, and the Bulgogi was very nicely marinated. That was very good and not dry at all. The Seafood Soft Tofu was ok, but the seafood taste and scent was a little too strong for me. My sister got the Kimchi chigae, and she loved it, so did the Mr. The Kimchi Chigae soup was nicely balanced between the spicyness and sourness. I think a little spicier would've been great as well! \n\nThey open till 10pm which seems to be pretty late for Arizona. Thank you to fellow yelpers for the recommendation!
"""Fantastic pizza, good friendly service, cute inside atmosphere, but the location is a nasty dump next to a Circle K in a seedy part of town with absolutely no parking.  I had to get up during my meal to get two teenage \homies\"""" off my car.  Since when is it ok to lean on someone's car with a slurpie in your hand?\n\nPizza wasn't as thin as most Neopolitan pies.  Crust at the end was rather uniform too, in shape and consistency.  No irregularity which is the signature of a hand tossed pie (not that theirs isn't hand tossed).  Sauce delivered great tomato flavor and cheese was rich, and clearly high quality stuff.  Prices were reasonable.\n\nI'm not kidding - there's maybe 4-5 parking spots and about 5 tables inside.  It's quaint, adorable, and the waiter seems to have an authentic Italian accent.  Food is very good, almost as good as that other famous pizza place in town, but my god this place needs a new location.  I thought this over for a few days before reviewing it and the location & parking just ruin the experience here, plus the lack of seating.  Unless you go right at the opening you'll have no idea when or if you'll actually get a table.  Silly."""""""
I will give them an A++ for acrylic nails. I have a problem with lifting and with the nails popping off, but I've never had a problem with this when I go to Mirage Nail and Spa. The nails stay in place! They use quality materials, which makes a big difference, but also the technique of the technicians help. They also stay current on products, trends, styles, laws, and regulations. \n\nI don't use them for pedicures anymore, because I always felt like they were not long enough, and were really not good quality. There are always a lot of people there for pedicure, so I suppose they try to get everyone in and out quickly. The massage during pedicures tended to be fast, and rough, instead of slow, deep and deliberate. The best massage I had was when I was one of the last customers before they closed. The guy was really taking his time with me, so he wouldn't have to start another pedicure after me! I go some place else for pedicures now.
I went here on New Year's Day which also happened to be a Saturday night so needless to say it was pretty busy when I walked in.  Luckily they were able to get us seated fairly quickly which was surprising.  Unfortunately our seats were at one of those long benches that has multiple tables spaced out along it.  So right away I was a little unhappy just because I value my personal space and don't particularly enjoy sitting elbow to elbow with the stranger sitting at the table next to me.\n\nThe waitress was friendly and came by right away to get our drink orders.  She came back with them pretty fast and then took our meal order.  We didn't have to wait long for that either as that came out quicker than expected too.  The food was good as expected since I've been to Famous Dave's before (I would go just for their corn bread!).  I'll definately be going back just probably not on a Saturday night which also happens to be a holiday....
This bar reminds of an old pair of pants. It fits. Not too tight, not perfect. Just kind of fits. There's some holes in the knees, and its a bit faded. It's certainly not perfect.\n\nMulligans is that bar where you can go and kick it with your friends. You never know what kind of people you are going to run into. Co-workers, drunkards, bottle rats who got kicked out from other places.\n\nThe drinks are cheap. The beer selection is so so. The bartenders are pretty nice, but aloof. It's just an average bar though. Nothing great, nothing bad.
I think we all know what to expect at Dunkin Donuts. A lot of fattening, yummy food!\n\nYet still, a price differential of 20 cents for a iced beverage is a bit... odd. I asked why and they justified the price difference with the need for ice. Not sure if they were aware but ice is just frozen water (at one time the difference was only 10 cents). Maybe the increase is due to a water bill increase, not sure. But in Phoenix, I still think it is a bit odd.\n\nAnd I do understand the individual stores have no control over pricing but seriously...
I've bought bath bombs from Lush a few times, and none of them were ever spectacular. Maybe I got duds, or maybe they just suck. But that's what I came for the very first time I ever went to Lush. I was hesitant because I am a sufferer of migraines, but somehow Lush's overpowering scent does not trigger them for me.\n\nLast time I went into this store, I was kind of put off. I don't get bombarded by sales associates, but one of the ones I talked to seemed either new, or just rude. She was totally PuNkRaWk, and when I asked if they were going to be having a buy-one-gift-get-one-of-the-$20-gifts-free sale again like they did in 2009 she gave me some quip about how Lush is anti-consumerism (lol) and that they were not going to be doing that. They did though, according to an e-mail I later received. I bought some stuff, and I guess they no longer do free samples? Or at least I wasn't allowed to have any.\n\nI love their dry shampoos and the cupcake face mask. It lasts way longer than the date on the package, and even though the associates recommend not using it after the expiration date, I do- with no problems, no mold. I even used one a year after it expired, after I found it hidden in my refrigerator. Oh, and I like coalface, even though it didn't do much for my skin. It smells so delicious.\n\nAlso, they (not the store, but Lush in general) seem to like to discontinue every thing that I want. I should have stocked up on Candy Fluff when they still had it. And the Karma dusting powder too. So if you have any faves, I'd recommend hoarding them.
Arrived at Nagasaki 45 minutes before they closed. Thank you yelp monocle for help finding the place, with an angry stomach growling for food. I was with my GF and we walked in the converted fast food building. There really wasn't any service provided other than the owner leaning over and handing us two menus and a grunt for us to sit where we like. The bathroom resembled a south Phoenix shell station but we kept our wits and decided to judge the place on the food. A.G. ordered a tempura roll and three pieces of maguro tuna. I ordered the Katsu-don and water. If you are looking to fill your belly on sushi this is not the place to go. The menu is sushi lite with only a few standard rolls and a few types of sashimi and nigiri. The sushi that is provided is fresh but the rice falls apart and seems to be the wrong type for rolls and nigiri. The Katsu-don came with miso, salad, chicken skewer and a couple pot stickers. The Katsu-don was served in a ceramic bowl and was cooked well. For the price the meal was a great size and was flavored well. I wouldn't take a first date to Nagasaki or a second or third for that matter. However as a lunch break or quick dinner Nagasaki is a good stop after watching my GF shop for clothes at the fiesta mall for two hours..
"""The place was cute (I can't comment on authenticity, because I'm as white as they come) and the strip mall was a typical strip mall, not intimidating whatsoever. \n\nThe food was satisfactory. My friend and I had crispy tofu to start, I had the Hot and Spicy noodles with tofu and my friend had the Ginger Tofu. We were both incredibly happy with the way the tofu was cooked - it was ACTUALLY crispy - but just thought the sauces and veggies were \meh.\""""\n\nI would be willing to try here again for one of their curries. I'm not sure when I will make it back to Siam Thai; the distance is a little to far to drive for a mediocre meal."""""""
"""Dave's isn't nearly as bad as some of the reviews on here led me to believe, but it's also definitely not worthy of the few four-star ratings I've seen, either. We try to find local breweries to try when we're on the road, especially after having such a great experience last summer at MickDuff's in Sand Point. So after wandering around the Mill Avenue district in Tempe last month, we decided to stop here for a small, light lunch and a beer or two. \n\nWe opted for the beer sampler so we could try the six beers they had available that day. For just a few bucks, the sampler was a good way to taste everything they had to offer. Unfortunately, the beer was REALLY lacking in flavor. Other than the Old Frog Grog, which wasn't terrible, all of the other beers tasted really similar. I couldn't have closed my eyes and tasted them and told you which was supposed to be the lager and which was supposed to be the IPA. It's probably not a good sign that they describe most of their beers as \lightly hopped\"""" with a smooth finish. IPAs are supposed to be hoppy, and this one was a huge disappointment. I ended up ordering a pint of the Dave's Electric, which was drinkable but not terribly indistinguishable from something like Bud Light. Overall, the beer leaves a lot to be desired.\n\nThe food wasn't half bad. I had a Greek salad, which was light and crisp. Definitely the most enjoyable part of the flavor experience. Boyfriend ended up ordering the mac and cheese, and was satisfied with that, as well.\n\nWhat saves this restaurant from getting two stars is the staff. Both of the bartenders were super friendly and attentive, and did a great job at explaining the beers to us when they brought out our sampler. I just wish the brews had lived up to their colorful descriptions.\n\nDave's is apparently under new ownership, but the brewing is still going to be done by the same folks. With these disappointingly bland beers hovering over it's head like the sword of Damocles, I don't know how long Dave's can last. It's disappointing, because I really feel like the place has a lot of potential. It's literally spitting distance from ASU's stadium, and with a more pleasing brew selection, they could really make money hand-over-fist from thirsty game goers. I truly hope they can make it happen for themselves."""""""
Attention vegetarians: the amazing tomato soup? Chicken stock. I am the saddest girl in the universe right now.\n\nI've been dreaming about and eating this soup and its glorious sidekick: The Grilled Cheese Sandwich for about 3 years now.  It would never occur to me to ask if a tomato soup is made with chicken stock.  I'll even ask other restaurants about the base of vegetable soups, but tomato?  Come on!\n\nThe quality of this combo is so delightful it completely made up for the lack of seating and always disappointing service (really girls, you're not THAT much cooler or important than me.  Get over yourselves). \n\nStill, the atmosphere is lovely, the music is always spot on, and I can't complain about the wine and beer.  If you are a non-veggie and don't mind the uppity chicks, go ahead and enjoy.
Have been here several times.    The food is hit or miss this is the reason for only three stars.   Sometimes it's wonderful other times not so good with the food having too much salt.   Service can be choppy with servers not being able to answer questions about menu items.  One time I went and we wanted to get information on what was on the antipasto platter.  She had to go back to the kitchen three times and then couldn't figure out the difference between the names of cheeses and cold cut meats.   The flank steak is great.   The bolognese can be too salty.   I ordered Halibut and it was way overcooked.   There are other italian restaurants for less money that are better.
I have heard all the hype and the negative.  I am involved with the cabinet/furniture industry so I am pretty critical.  I went in with low expectations and was pretty much in agreement with those expectations.  They have some inexpensive stuff that I thought was cheap and some pretty good stuff that was expensive.  I did spot some gems for the price but they were hard to find.  To say it was an experience would be an understatement.  You are guided by a walkway with few options to shortcut.  The place was full of people.  If you intend to buy any furniture items you need to be prepared with a pad of paper or one of their handy shopping sheets so you can pick up your stuff from the self service warehouse at the end of the loop using the item numbers you have recorded.  This isn't apparent before your first tour.  I did not get to try the meatballs because of other eating commitments.\n\nA tip for those trying to check in: The metal roof makes GPS unusable so you have to go outside.
"""I will start with positives in the hope that a manager or owner who reads this will take it as true constructive feedback.  \nThe atmosphere of this place is great.  I love that the music is a little loud sometimes, not all the times. I love the choice of music.  I love the big open feel and the amazing patio.  The concept of what is trying to happen here is great.  Local, fresh organic menu, and a simple (although never changing) menu at that. It brings character and a very urban feel in to Ahwatukee, which, for all intense and purposes completely lacks.  The Gallo Torta is phenomenal.  3 stars\n\nI have been coming here for 2-3 times a week for the last 6 months.  I've had dinner and many a breakfast here.   Almost every single time I have been here, the thought has crossed my mind, \the service is so bad here\"""".  There is a pretty regular rotation of 4-5 people who work the counter, taking my money.  I don't think a single one of them has ever looked at me in the eye.  No one here but maybe the taller woman, who looks like an owner, looks at people, smiles and says hello?  Its the craziest thing I've ever seen.  You are in Ahwatukee! not downtown SF... \n\nI have asked on several occasions if I could deviate from the menu and create a egg scramble with the ingredients that are all already on the menu. Every time I am met with, \""""huh, oh.. well yeah. I guess you could.\"""" then me, \""""are you sure?\"""", them \"""" uhhh, well.... yea. I mean... i yea... I guess.\""""  me \""""Ok.. I ll just have the gallo torta\"""".\n\""""Ok.\""""  \n\n\nI am a regular! and the request is simple.. sheesh! Another thing.  Your cartel coffee coffee situation is in desperate need of attention.  You have like two barista's that make espresso in two totally different ways, and both are miserable. You have all the tools to make great coffee yet you don't.  The house coffee is seemingly very watered down as well. But this is a matter of my own preference and maybe isn't relevant here.  \nThe place is always busy and I'm sure will be financially successful for years to come.  However, as I sit here writing this inside hillside spot, I believe this will be my last visit here.  Thanks for all the wifi."""""""
I don't know what to make of this place.  I think people in Phoenix, especially in this area, have lost the common sense and therefore customer service gene.  On one hand, they asked our large party if we wanted to split our bills for each person.  Guess they're used to it with business parties and what not.  So that was cool.  Every single other person was a dickhead though.  Ah well. \n\nThey get points for good tzatziki and pita.  I ordered pastitio.  WHY DO YOU MESS UP PERFECTLY GOOD PASTITIO WITH TOMATO SAUCE JUST NO NO NO NO!  No.  Ok?  Got it?  Good.  The gyro platter looked very good.  That's about it.
Excited I remembered that this place opened soon, I stopped in for Indian 'fast-food'.  I ordered Chole with 1/2 rice portion, 1/2 naan.  The gentleman who took my order forgot to give me my change and after I told him, he gave me my dollar back in dimes. I waited approx. 15 minutes for my 'fast-food'.  The Chole was OK, the rice was rice and the naan was great.  Like the first reviewer, I didn't think the value was that great.  I'm no pig but even I could've had more.  When I go back I'll have to get the big plate (full serving of rice & whole piece of naan) but then we're talking $9+.  A bit much for fast-food.  I will go back, though.  They just opened and I don't want a food option like this to go away without a chance.
On our last night in Scottsdale, we wanted nothing more than to have pizza delivered to our hotel room, drink some wine, and pack our suitcases in the most leisurely manner possible. Naturally we wanted to try something local to Scottsdale, so we did a little research and ended up giving Little Chicago a shot.\n\nYou know what? It was everything we needed in a pizza. Good balance of toppings (we went with canadian bacon, pineapple, and green olive - my favorite), just greasy enough without going overboard,  a thin but still substantial crust, and generously sized for the price. We ordered a large pizza for three girls and polished it off handily, though we probably would have been fine with a medium.\n\nWas it earth-shatteringly delicious, ground-breaking pizza? No. But it sure was tasty, and I would probably order it again.
I like going to this JC Penney because their lingerie department is HUGE and organized. Not at all like WalMart where they have a peach, lacy bottom displayed underneath a blue polka-dotted bra. No - JC Penney puts the sets together so you don't have to search for the matching piece and they have a nice selection and they always have it on sale. \n\n3 stars because about 8 years ago I bought a wedding dress from this location back when they had a small bridal department. It looked expensive, it was blush-colored, with many white pearls, scalloped neck, a flowing train in size 6. With the coupons, it came to only $85. Now the bridal department doesn't exist and they make you go down to Group USA where the least expensive wedding dress is at least $500. Boo to that!
I had a good time there, the brunch was good, was fun and it was a lil different. the service was not so bad. it is kind of small, so we had to wait 25 mnts for our table. they should have a bigger waiting room than that little room that fits 5 people. i would go back, just earlier. again good breakfast big, u can even share it HA, the food tasted fresh, the juice was maybe fresh squeezed..... sure will be back .!!
We went here mainly because of the location and the dog friendly patio.  The patio itself is very nice and has a lot of well shaded areas to keep you cool from the hot sun.  We had breakfast here, which was a mixed experience meal-wise.  I had the Hawaiian French toast ($8.75) which was disappointing to me.  The only thing that seemed to make it Hawaiian was a few slices of banana placed on top of the French toast.  The menu listed a molasses batter for the toast, but I couldn't taste much molasses flavor.  In addition, the toast itself looked overcooked and tasted dry.  For $8.75, I would have liked to see more ingredients than some slices of banana on top of 2 sliced pieces of battered toast (Maybe some pineapple? Or grilled ham?).\n\nMy husband had the biscuits and gravy platter (Around $10), which I thought was much better value wise and taste wise.  The gravy was rich and delicious, and it was a large amount of food since it came with bacon, potatoes, and 2 eggs.  I also tried the short rib benedict, which was nicely cooked, with great flavor.  \n\nSo while I didn't really enjoy my dish, the others I tried were very good.  I'd like to go here again to try more dishes, but be aware of what entrees to get!
One of many in a line of interesting restaurants by this restaurant group. The decor is really impressive, great for dates or social groups. Everyone in my party loved the lighting, staff, and service. \n\nThe menu is hit or miss, we had quite a few misses in the appetizers / starters. A lot of things lacked seasoning, other things were just unoriginal. \n\nThe meal was going downhill until we hit our entrees which were absolute home runs. The pasta was amazing, executed really well, delicate but flavorful. For desert the outstanding dish was the homemade ice cream bar, the salt was a great touch, it was original and a perfect closer. \n\nI'd recommend this place if you have money to spend figuring out whats good for yourself otherwise I'd stick to some of the recommendations made on yelp without a thought of straying.
This is a Kentucky Fried Chicken and A&W root beer combo store. I have had the popcorn chicken here a few times and it was OK. The KFC prices for the boxes and buckets of chicken are just too high. When I have the whole family at home (6 adults and 3 children) I usually end up going across the street to Albertsons where an 8 piece fried chicken is just $4.99 most of the time (yep, $15 for 24 pieces). KFC and Church's need to pay attention since they think their competition is each other, when in fact it is the fried chicken at local grocery stores.\nI have not noticed any lack of cleanliness noted by other reviewers (maybe it was just the luck of the draw on who was working at that particular time) and I have never seen seedy people there--just families with small children.\nThe parking is easy. You can only turn right out of the parking lot (west on Baseline or north on Dobson), so getting in and out of the parking lot can be a little tricky.
went here for dinner on friday night.  started with a few small plates. had the ahi tuna with wasabe, yummy.  the bacon wrapped jumbo shrimp, yummy.  and the steak skewers, which were good except that two pieces had hard tendons in them. also had the bbq flatbread which was delish.  my complaint is that i ordered the bacon wrapped filet with the dungeness crab hollandaise sauce and jumbo shrimp surf and turf, but the server brought me some gross way too spicy meal that was completely not what i ordered... he apologized and had my order remade and comped the deserts for us but we were still charged the 28 dollars for the meal he messed up.. so my only advice is confirm what the server thought you ordered... so all in all i would recommend trying it out... if you can afford the hefty price tag( dinner for three with three appetizers was and a couple beers = $220) would have been slightly less if we were not charged for the waiters mixup
Prices were competitive. No problems with service except when I called I was quoted $89 and then later was given a different price ($125.) When I asked about the discrepancy they 2nd guy said the first quote was for a subpar product (pads) and he did not recommend using that product. I would prefer that additional counsel during my first quote. I felt this practice was a little shady. \n\nAlso, their hours are only until 5:30pm. For a service industry this seems insufficient. It definitely was for me. I had difficulty coordinating with their limited schedule and had to coordinate rides to leave my vehicle overnight.
Food was good, service was attentive... what more do you need?  Well, considering I was on a business trip and dining alone it would have been nice if I had been seated in an area around other people instead of at the back of the restaurant with no other tables in sight.  I guess that's what I get for mentioning that I heard the place had great ambiance (the whole polynesian theme) and requesting a table where I could check everything out.  Head's up - that table is located next to a large window overlooking the corner of Indian School Rd and 69th St... nothing to see here, keep moving people.\nLike I mentioned the service was good and the dining room attendant that consistently filled my water told me that on the weekends they have a live band and it was really fun.  I had the Lettuce Wrap and the Vegetable Casserole, both on the appetizer list.  The Lettuce Wraps were delish and were topped with these great little super thin cut sweet potato fries.  Wish I had asked for an extra side of those!\nMy only other issue is that the Soft Bahia (non alcoholic pineapple-coconut drink) that I ordered was filled with 3/4 ice.  Who needs that much ice?  I would rather have more liquid in my glass for $6.\nNext time I stay at Hotel Valley Ho I would certainly come back here but I will be more selective when it comes to seating and the drink I order.
Sign up for the ClubVeg coupons. That's the only way this place is a value... Cuz seriously.. WHERE'S THE BEEF? :)  Four stars for the salad bar itself. I've yet to encounter any of the freshness issues.. in fact, everything I've had has been super fresh! Most of their prepared salads are downright tasty, especially the Chicken Won Ton Salad.. a classic! As for the soups, and hot foods, 2 stars, on their best day.  Their soups just aren't that great, and I've tried just about each one... Today the featured soup was lemon orzo and it was absolutely inedible.. Their chicken noodle, is decent, and so is their potato soup, most of the time.. just don't be surprised if you get raw potatoes sometimes. Not uncommon.  They've got a nice selection of carb-tastic breads/pizza type things, which aren't what I'm really there for.. If you're going here to eat healthy, you may as well avoid the hot foods all together. All things considered, the full dinner price, with drink is a bit over $13.00.. The Casino Arizona buffets aren't much more expensive, and neither are the top Asian buffets in the valley. Finally, this place is CRAWLING with some of the most insufferable brats suburbia can offer.
If you think of an old fashioned ice cream parlor from the pre-Great Depression, Sugar Bowl would be the best place that replicates the image.  It is not quite like the scene where you have people in roller skates and drive thrus, but Sugar Bowl's interior has all pink everywhere.  You can have the option of sitting at a table or getting served on the bar to go.  I have tried the ice cream and milkshakes, and both are excellent.  I think I need to try a sundae someday because I do not see much speciality in eating a scoop of ice cream from the Sugar Bowl versus the grocery store.
"""Well, it dropped a star for me, and I'll tell you why. Eaten there probably 20 time in the last quarter. I've had it all; All you can eat sushi, bowls, desert, beer. Ate alone, ate with Sandra K, ate with son and family (including 3 year old grandson who plays drums with the chopsticks) had a party of 12 there.\n\nService....slow on Saturday for the AYES, otherwise I can't complain. There are some \bright\"""" spots. First, it's close to my neighborhood, a start and there is more than sushi and that is helpful when you have non-sushi lovers with you. The bowls are very good and you can order them in the heat index you like. Funny names to them as well, like the \""""Exit Wound Bowl\"""" or \""""The Classified Bowl with this description;Don't Order this Bowl\"""".\n\nSquid Salad is great, great, great! Calamari, ok. Hey they put a lot of thought into their beer selection and that is cool. And their dessert sushis are very unique.\n\nAs for the sushi....I now have way too many sushi restaurants to try and they are all falling over themselves for your business. Sushi has become really \""""hip\"""" lately but there will be a fall out in this category as the economy continues to slow and people, let's face it, are pulling back. This is not a place for a sushi purist, but give me good food, a cool gathering place (close to my central Phoenix abode) and I will be there. Sushi has got to get better for me to rate higher and \""""earn\"""" my business."""""""
I guess if a rowdy place on the 17 is your place, then you'd like this one. \nI was here for a gig ( a lot of my reviews seem to have that in them. What can I say? I'm pretty funny.)\nThey have several TVs for your football needs. I was here on a Monday night and the crowd was pretty attentive to us comedians. A lot of support from the venue helped with that.\nThough I didn't get it, they have a pretty cheap steak dinner. It definitely smelled good! \nBartenders were attentive and friendly. They remembered my drink throughout the evening.\nOh, and if you see a guy there who looks like Snoop's chubby, poor cousin, do NOT make eye contact. Guy waited for me outside the bathroom door! Creepy, but luckily I had comics there to save me.
We checked out Primebar for the Phoenix Magazine Grand Opening event and I left with mixed feelings. I will say that they put on a nice event, with a free open bar (woo hoo!) and plenty of food, all tasty but nothing exceptional. Also, the service was outstanding...we didn't even have to go to one of the three bars for our second round of drinks, as a server came by to ask what we were having and promptly returned with them. My big problem is with the design...bland, boring, and corporate (which it is). The whole place is done in neutrals, with wood-like walls, a few Edison bulbs with metal mesh around them to pass as light fixtures, some mosaic tiling (still in neutrals), large neutral-toned pictures, flat screen TVs all over, and a mix of modern alternative and rock music. It's certainly not the sleek and sophisticated bar I imagined when they compared themselves to places like Blue Martini, Sapporo, and Ocean Club...it's more like a Yard House than any of those places. Great for watching the big game but not as a sophisticated watering hole.
We recently came here for our anniversary as we were in town. Although the reviews were great, we were a little skeptical upon walking in. The restaurant does have  a 'cool' vibe and the patio is nice, however we were seated in a pretty tight table outside, against a wall, behind a tree...that wasn't a great start to our anniversary dinner. We started with the mac n' cheese, which my husband swears is the best ever! He had the mussels and I had the short ribs (note* if you're preggo, this restaurant may be on the 'after baby' list as it has a lot of shellfish and ingredients that you can't eat when your pregnant). Overall the service was 'ok', our server was efficient, but didn't seem to really want to be there, just get her job done. Overall, food was good, service was ok.. and i wish I could say ambiance was stellar, but I think we got the short end of the stick.
It 's more like two 1/2 stars.... Very cute place but the food, like many Italian restaurants in phoenix, was pretty disappointing.\n\nI was there with a group of 12 for a birthday party. We pretty much ordered off the pasta menu. I ordered the baked tortellini with a white and red cream sauce, it was missing any king of flavor, one of my friend ordered spaghetti carbonara, although it was not made in a traditional way and although the pasta was way over cooked , it had a pretty good flavor.\n\nLike i said the place has a little charm but with very pricey food, 15 average for entree' , and very little flavor  it deserves just two 1/2 stars.
Why the HECK do people stand in line for so long to eat this food?\n\nOn a corner in old town scottsdale is this seemingly cute local joint for breakfast.  Under the awnings outside,  you see people waiting in line, lounging around, waiting for a table.  Wow, with these reviews and that line, the food must be great!  You give the friendly waitress your name and wait.  It's old town, so the wait is pleasurable; with your estimated wait time, you can walk around, enjoy the sights and gorgeous waterfront area, and meander back, grab a drink...in all honesty, the wait, even at an hour, goes well because there is enough to see and do.\n\nOnce you get inside you begin to realize that this place isn't that special.   Tables and chairs in a casual area.  Denny's has more comfortable benches, those these natural tree table tops look much cooler.  Your waitress is super friendly and you love the quick service, after you figure out that the girl in the VS sweatpants really does work there and will be serving your food.  The glittery PINK pants make it easy to find her when you want a refill anyway, although she's super fast and never leaves you with an empty glass.\n\nThe menu has many options, so perhaps you should give other options a try.  If you go with the traditional eggs, meat, toast, you won't get anything special.  In fact, your food at home probably tastes better, except you wouldn't put such pretty slices of fruit arranged just so  on your own plate at home.  The omelette is good, but seriously, were you that lazy that you preferred to wait for an hour and spent $6 for a basic nothing-special concoction?\n\nWhen the bill comes, you're happy that the damage isn't bad and you can walk over to Nordstrom guilt free... but next time you're hungry in the morning after a run through old town, perhaps you'll just wait for Nordstrom to open and have one of their amazing meals instead.
Shmeh.  Pita Jungle (pronounced hoon-glay...kidding, not really) is an area standard in many respects, but when looked at objectively, it's kind of a mish mosh.  And a mediocre one at that.  Don't get me wrong - the food isn't bad.  It's just that if you are jonesing for anything Mediterranean, this is not your place.  The menu is loosely inspired by mid east cuisine, but really, it's more of an upscale, continental restaurant with hummus barely wafting through the air.  Chicken in any form is well-seasoned and moist, baba ghanoush is toothsome, as is hummus, though not better than Trader Joe's, sadly.  Taboule used poorly chopped curly parsley (really, that stuff should be reserved for garnishes and nothing else - flat parsley is the way to go) and was a little underdressed.  Hubby's salmon was fishy and tasted like it hadn't been seasoned.  Underwhelming all in all.\n\nThat all being said, with the lake view, well-appointed decor, modern art slicked walls, live music and potent drinks, this place is more of a spot for sipping and nibbling than tucking into generous plates of mideast fare.  Maybe they should call it the Pita Lounge (minus the pita).
3.5 *\nThe lady who cuts my hair is from Vietnam and she recommended this place when I mentioned my love for pho.  She said she really doesn't eat it very often since it's fattening (mind you I think she probably weighs about 80 lbs. so I think she needs more pho!!).\nI was feeling a bit under the weather so a big ol' steamin' pho bowl was right up my alley.  I arrived a few minutes before they opened and people were already outside waiting-a good sign I thought.  Upon entering I was surprised as this is probably the cleanest Vietnamese place I've ever been to-another plus!\nSo, I order pho tai and pork egg rolls.  The service was quick, and as more patrons entered the restaurant the staff welcomed everyone as if they were long time friends.\nMy food arrives and everything is good, the pho broth is a little bit sweet than I personally would care for but has a good complex flavor.  Ditto the egg rolls, you can tell they're homemade when they're imperfect.  I thought their prices were a bit high but I certainly left with a full stomach. Though Pho Thanh is still my favorite, I would return to Pho Avina again another bonus it's not too far from the house.
I live pretty close to Papago, so it's a place I regularly hike. But it's not because I love this park, it's really because of the convenience of living so close, and the fact that the trials are not challenging at all. Papago is one of the few places that I feel 100% safe about hiking on my own. Unless you take a wrong step while climbing one of the buttes, it's pretty hard to hurt yourself. \n\nThe park is clean and well kept, and you do get some good views of Phoenix, Tempe and Scottsdale on your hike. Once in a while I've even spotted some cool birds flying around. Because it's such an easy hike, Papago is a great spot for beginner/novice hikers, and a pretty good spot to take your kids or the dog. If you're looking to get outside and get some air, Papago is the place to hit up for an hour or two on a quiet afternoon or morning.
"""This is a great place to have a casual meal.  It's obviously a pub atmosphere but it's large enough to accommodate a lot of people without it getting crowded.  They also have many well placed flat screen tvs. (I just wish they would turn on the closed captioning!  Its one thing if you're watching a sporting event but when they have on an analysis show I want to hear the analysis!)   My husband had the beer sampler and enjoyed most of the varieties, the Raj IPA was his favorite (the 8th Street Ale and Kiltlifter are the more popular ones).  We had the soft pretzel appetizer which was ok, but I'm spoiled when it comes to pretzels having lived in Philly and lived on them for my entire college career.   I wish it came with a honey mustard to dip in and not just regular spicy mustard.  I had the French Dip which was solid - not the best I've had but still pretty good.  My husband had the Tap Room Tenderloin sandwich that he enjoyed - the onion straws and bleu cheese were a nice touch.\n\nNow this is just stupid.  (Saturday, 4/13)\n \nRing ring ring. . .\n\Hello, Four Peaks\""""\n\""""Hi, will you be showing the Red Sox/Yankees game?\""""\n\""""Yes, definitely.\""""\n\""""Even though it's being blacked out?\""""\n\""""Blacked out?\""""\n\""""Yeah, Fox won't be showing the game because the Diamondbacks game is on at the same time.  You're getting an east coast feed?  From NY or Boston?\""""\n\""""Feed?\""""\n\""""Yeah, you know, you're getting the broadcast from the Fox affiliate in NY or Boston?\""""\n\"""". . .Um. . .we'll definitely be showing the game. . .\""""\n\""""Ok. . .\""""\n \nDrive to Four Peaks\n\""""Hello! Welcome to Four Peaks!  Table for 2?\""""\n\""""Yeah, somewhere we can see the Sox/Yankees game.\""""\n\""""Oh sorry, it's being blacked out\""""\n\""""What?!  But I called 15 minutes ago and you said you were showing it!\""""\n\""""No sorry, that Diamondbacks game is on at the same time so we're not getting the Sox/Yankees game\""""\n\""""THAT'S WHAT I SAID ON THE PHONE AND YOU SAID YOU WERE SHOWING IT!\""""\n\""""Oh, well do you know who you talked to?\""""\n\""""It wasn't you?!  I don't know!  Some moron who said you'd be showing the game!\""""\n \nYou're not getting my business if you blatantly lie to me just to get me in the door."""""""
They didn't have my size in hockey skates, which actually worked out ok b/c the size smaller fit fine.  Blades were not sharp, but that's no surprise.  Price was entirely affordable.  I was a little intrigued that the open skate time was only two hours, fairly early, on a Friday night - obviously this place favors the hockey players, not that I have anything against that at all.  Anyway it translated out to a sizeable group of partially drunk Yelpers and Twitterers, a few junior high kids, and families w/ kids.  I didn't run anyone over this time, so that was a bonus.  Fairly cheap, too (my credit card says $8).  I'd do it again, just not all the time.  The location looks a little spooky, but it's really not too bad.
"""Here's the description of JD's from Scottsdale Plaza's website: \J.D.'s Lounge\nEnjoy the atmosphere of an English Sports Pub at J.D.'s Lounge at the Scottsdale Plaza: shoot a game of pool, play a few holes of Golden Tee, catch some sports action on five large TV's and choose from a fine selection of beers on tap all accompanied by the best free popcorn around.\nOpen at 11 a.m. to midnight, daily\""""\n\nPretty much sums up my numerous visits there during my stay for one night at Scottsdale Plaza. The food was good, better than your average bar/pub food. We got the Southwest Chicken Sandwich and Tuna Sandwich. The tuna wasn't really flavorful, kinda bland. Nothing special. The Southwest Chicken was good, but messy. It fell apart really easily. Chicken was cooked perfectly though, not dried out at all. The fries were okay, would prefer them to taste more fresh to order, but instead they were sort of stale.\n\nThe favorite is the $4 schooner of the Sunset Wheat. Such an amazing deal! We got that at the start of our day and end of our night."""""""
"""Coach and Willies' downtown location is the place to go for a beer before a ball game at near-by Chase Field, or US Airways Arena, both of which are within walking distance (even in 110 degree heat). Locals like myself know this place to be a hang-out for baseball executives and other local business folks, when it's not game time. You can also have lunch and dinner here, with typical bar menus but high-quality food. My favorite is the lobster bisque, which doesn't really taste like authentic lobster bisque to me but whatever they do to it... it's really good. \n\nThe only caveat is that I find its hours of business to be unpredictable. Downtown Phoenix is funny that way. It's almost always open for weekday lunch due to the downtown work crowd, but I wouldn't head there for dinner without calling ahead first. Friday and Saturday nights it's converted into (I'm not making this up) a loud, thumping gangster nightclub. I wandered in one boring weekend night and they had several policemen milling around for security, not to mention the metal detector. Hopefully all this will change once the nearby Summit at Copper Square (upscale residential complex next door; construction to be finished in 2008) and \W\"""" hotel (also 2008) are established."""""""
"""I come to this review having no bias, since I never heard of Aiello's until it came to my 'hood near Moon Valley. The wife suggested we try it, so we did. I've never been to the central location and had no idea what to expect here. \n\nPeople tend to think that \Italian deli\"""" is an easy thing to pull off. I believe it is not, because I've eaten at far more Italian delis that I DIDN'T like than I have liked. Aiello's falls neatly between these two extremes, agreeably tasty but... not quite what you would call a great \""""deli\"""" experience.\n\nI had the antipasto salad, the thing by which I judge all Italian delis. What I got at Aiello's was not a salad. It was a meat and cheese plate. With a few paltry greens, artichoke hearts and giardiniera. Oh, and a delicious piece of a ciabatta bread. Everything on this plate was fabulous (especially the fresh mozzarella drizzled with balsamic vinegar). But it wasn't a salad. I took a picture of it - check it out. The thing is, all they had to do was put about fifty cents more worth of what I'll call \""""salad type material\"""" (you know, romaine, onions, tomatoes, cucumbers) on the plate with a dash more of the oil and balsamic dressing and BAM - I would have had a HELL of a salad. As it was, I had a delicious meat and cheese plate. Seriously, my wife got a sandwich and her side salad had more salad than my salad salad.\n\nAlso the atmosphere seems... rushed. It's like they had a checklist of \""""things which one finds in an Italian deli,\"""" and they checked them off one by one but didn't put a lot of thought into it. Wire rack shelving with Italian imported dry goods? Check. Refrigerator case with meats and cheeses? Check. Refrigerator case with pre-made... stuff? Check. But the wire rack is sparsely populated, the meat and cheese fridge looks as if stuff was thrown in there randomly and never touched and the pre-made stuff had a tell-tale sag that made it seem that gravity had been doing its work for at least a few days now. Not really impressive.\n\nCompare this with DeFalco's in Scottsdale or even Tony's right down the street at Dunlap. Real delis that have fairly complete selections of imported goods and freshly made stuff. Aiello's is more like a restaurant that has some deli-like window dressing.\n\nBoth of us enjoyed the flavors, however, so I'm willing to try it again sometime. Perhaps I'll ask for a side salad next time for my antipasto meat plate."""""""
Honestly the beef appetizer was so good I was thinking between four and five stars. It really was that delicious. I don't recall the names of the dishes we had because I don't know Vietnamese dish names very well but I did take pictures. \n\nI also thought our dinners were very good and I don't want to bash them but the servers didn't know what was going on or what they had on the menu because part of the menu they are unprepared for and or what to bring with the meals as we didn't get some things. I was told she didn't ring the order in right and that also complicated things.\n\nThey will improve with time and might turn out to be a best in the area. But I was a little displeased with the service because both servers seemed to have an attitude every time we asked why we didn't have something that we should of had.\n\nWarning opening hiccups.\n\nHICCUPS hiccups lots of hiccups.\n\nThe dining room is modern and beautiful but they had Mexican Music in the background.\n\nThey didn't give us a copy of our bill so we had to photo it.\n\nI'll go back because the food was good but not soon because of the servers.\n\nThe business Name information was already in the Yelp System as Pho & Grill I 'm not sure if it's right or not because the sign is confusing. You see a Big Sign that says Pho and Grill and a tiny sign next to it says Angelina's so I'm not sure if the correct name is Angelina's Pho & Grill or just Pho & Grill.
On a Wednesday night at 6 PM, this is the place to see a movie.  Went and saw Observe and Report, (pretty funny, wife hated it) and the theatre overall was pretty solid.  No lines for the concession stand which was fully staffed made for getting great seats in our theatre.  Or maybe it was the fact we were the only people IN our theatre that made for getting great seats.  Overall it was a very clean theatre with clean rest rooms and i would go back again.
I'm still angry that they moved further away from me and now that they are in the mall it's too crowded.  Aside from this, I do like chompies' bagels and cookies.  Actually, I love their cookies.  They are soooo yummy.  If you are in the mall and just want dessert, order some cookies and take them out somewhere to sit in the mall.  I don't have patience to sit in a overly crowded mall resteraunt so they lost my sit down and eat business with their location change.
"""Ok, let me just say that I appreciate Lyte hosting the Yelp event and I fully intend on going back to see it on a regular night....in fact I'm reserving full judgment until I do so.  \n\nBut naturally I have a few thoughts.  Mainly...what is going on here?\n\nSo there are these \swanky\"""" (I use the term loosely because it seemed really poorly done) booths with a white and black theme.  Kind of like Sky Bar but not nearly as nice.  Then you have a TV with a Wii.  And then a corner with graffiti art.  And a guy painting.  And a huge picture of Marilyn Monroe.  A jazz band. And a DJ.  Belly dancers.  Showcases with liquor bottles in them.  It was really really bizarre.  I'm not quite sure what Lyte is going for here.  I mean they have like four or five concepts going on at once.  If you're going to do swanky lounge you have to commit to it.  Go all out.  I do enjoy me a swanky lounge.  Furthermore if you're going to go that route....serve champagne.  What is a lounge without champagne?  \n\nI thought with the jazz band there would be more tables and chairs to relax but I think they cleared them for our event.  When we walked by later in the evening there was house music playing. (And the pamphlet we picked up said that as well)  Although the bathroom attendant told my husband its normally hip hop.\n\nI can't really comment on the food because there were limited vegetarian options.  Everything had turkey bacon or chicken or beef tenderloin....I just ended up having a few pieces of toasted pita with guac and hummus.  \n\nI'm really not quite sure what is going on here.  Lyte is trying to be so many things at once.  I've been to a lot of good, well done restobars and this just isn't nearly as good as others."""""""
Ordered to-go tonight.  I asked the guy if he could mix the suicide sauce and honey garlic sauce for me for the wings. He said that he could not do that.  I find this odd having worked at a restaurant before and this is something that is completely doable.  Furthermore, I have been to other native NY'ers and this was never a problem.  Basically, it just comes down to not really caring about pleasing the customer.  \n\nWhen I showed up, I got the impression that the place was disorganized.  I remember asking to get BC instead of ranch, so he walked back into the kitchen to get me that, but came out empty handed.  Then a minute later some other guy comes out with it.  Whatever system they have to keep the orders straight and what needs to come out next for their separate take out window seems to lack.
Stopped by for a quick dog at lunch.  The service was fast and friendly, the hot dog was pretty authentic for a Chicago style, I especially liked the Slaw Dog.  Heartbreak however over the french fries, I hoped for good things with the house made fries, what we got was soggy fried that were wrapped the instant them came out of the cooker for the 5 minute drive back to work.  \n\nMight stop by for a dog in the future, will probably pass on the fries but my guess is I will scope out some of the other dog spots first.
"""The sandwiches were good, I'm a big fan of Tortas and it's impeccably clean- huge plus. The major downfall was a young cashier who over charged us on dessert. We both ordered a single scoop of ice cream following dinner and were clearly charged for the double-  a difference of $4 when you add the two- when I politely pointed out that the price seemed off the cashier looked at me and said, \it's the taxes.\""""  Now I'm pretty  unsure about Arizona adding 100% taxes, but he was dead set and did not want to double check. I did the math on my phone, accounting for the 9.1% tax, and it was a far cry from what we were charged. I\n\nThe food was good but I urge you to double check your bill, even though it's a small amount, no one likes to be over charged and under served."""""""
The food at Olive Tree is good, not my favorite Gyro place, but I would go again. The real gem here is their service. I had a 25.00 gift certificate from Restaraunts.com. Normally you have to dine in, but after a 10 hour day at work I just wanted to go home and guzzle food in my jammies. The owner said that was ok and that made me happy from the start.\n\nIt is family owned, and extremely authentic. The owner works with his wife and kids cook and run the store. The store sells classic mediterranean goods, canned olives, jars of tahini, greek candy, cheese, etc...\n\nSince we had to spend 35.00, my boyfriend and I prepared for a shmorgas board of food that lasted us for days. We had:\n\nFalafel - delicious. The pitas are different then most places as they are very thin, almost like naan. I prefer the thicker version. The falafel itself was spiced perfectly and the pickled veggies they use in all of their sandwiches are delicous, crunchy and set them apart from their counterparts. The tzatziki sauce was good, not my fave, that goes to Chicago Gyro on 7th and Union. It was thick and had nice slices of cucumber in it. And CHEAP! $4.00 for a falafel sandwich.\n\nChicken and beef shawarma - the chicken was ok, but the beef was great, which I'm not a big beef gyro fan. \n\nGreek salad - very fresh and tasty.\n\nHummus - very good, homemade with a spicy relish on top.\n\nSpinach pie - yuck, but just a person preference here. Not a fan. \n\nI definetly recommend giving Olive tree a try.
"""I actually heard about Arcadia Farms on Yelp - so I figured when I was in old town I'd check it out - lo and behold I was there and decided to stop by - this isn't a totally legit review as I did not eat....\nSeems I arrived approximately twenty minutes prior to closing, I should've known something was up when I got a parking space in front of the (open) front door - Anyway - I go in, there is one couple and one guy waiting in line - I patiently wait my turn, easssy ten minutes browsing the shop, its cute, small, few gifty trinket type items around, but I wasn't looking for a big box. \nOnce it is my turn to order I ask what the special are, the blonde at the register tells me that they do not offer Saturday specials,,,interesting I think to myself,,, I wonder why there is a very large \Today's Special\"""" sign out front. I proceed by trying to order a pressed chicken sandwich, she pauses, quite a pause, then stops waiting on me during this pause to take two to go boxes from another employee ( I figured for the couple who were perusing their iPhones at the nearby table) She then asks the guy (clearly the sandwich maker) for a pressed chicken sandwich???? Formed as a question,,,,Can she have one??? Pressed Chicken??? It was as if she was confused,,,is this a restaurant? Do I take customer requests off of a menu and place an order??? Now I'm wondering...hmmmm, isn't it on the menu? I am aware its not a special because quite frankly she has already schooled me in that dept...sandwich maker guy says nah, sorry, we are out of chicken.\nRight then,,,,I decide to go to La Grande - \nMight be back someday but doubt it."""""""
"""I read quite a few reviews before I ended up eating here and to say the least I wasn't excited about it. However happy hour and drinks turned into dinner so I ended up trying it and i was pleasantly surprised.\n\nFood - 3.5/5\nEveryone I was with seemed to enjoy their meals ranging from salad, burgers, steak to fish. I enjoyed the Smothered Chicken. The only complaint is that the waitress brought out what looked delicious their \speciality\"""" cheese covered bread. The bread was a little chewy / soggy i had a couple bites before pushing it aside.\n\nService - 4/5\nOur waitress braved a couple moves on the patio and our transition to the dining room, she was nice and conversational.\n\nAtmosphere - 3/5\nNice atmosphere, wasn't crowded, in fact it was almost empty.\n\nPrice - 2/5\nReasonable but nothing to jump up and down about.\n\nOverall - Worth a try, I'd go back for the Smothered Chicken again."""""""
My nephew and I came here for brunch we ended up eating off the regular menu.  The place is clean and nicely decorated.  \n\nI ordered the BBQ Chicken Cordon Bleu (tender grilled breast of chicken with house made BBQ sauce, then topped with smoked ham, & smoked mozzarella cheese.  All served on toasted ciabatta bread.  It was good, but the BBQ sauce over powered the sandwich.  I loved that they let you mixed the sweet fries and regular fries.  YUM!
"""Haus Murphy's was my first German food experience ever. The cuisine was OK but it isn't something I'd shove people down to get to. \n\nI went with a friend who lived in Germany for a bit and he said that Murphy's wasn't quite up to par. \n\nWe ordered the sausage sampler as an appetizer. The sausages were tasty, but they were a bit cold. For something that is labeled a \sampler\"""", I felt disappointed with only two types of sausages served in it. I don't know for sure what types they were, but they didn't taste unique to me, as it seems like you can purchase them in the meat section of any supermarket. \n\nThe sausages were served with three types of condiments. A sweet style mustard, a Dijon style mustard, and ketchup blended with curry, which I'm told is a recent favorite of the German kids brought over from Turkish immigrants. \n\nFor our entrees, we all had some type of schnitzel. That same friend told me to try the Wiener schnitzel as it is the representative item when you think of German cuisine. So all our schnitzel's came out and mine was the blandest. My friend's schnitzels had different gravies, toppings, and stuff and my poor little Wiener schnitzel was just bland and all alone. You have to get that Wiener schnitzel wet with gravy ! \n\nNo biggie, I'm a foodie so I'll eat it. A schnitzel is basically German country fried pork. Not super exciting. I copied my friend who lived in Germany and substituted potatoes on the side for spatzle, as I wanted this experience to be as authentic as possible. I don't know if it's just Haus Murphy's, but the spatzle was kind of bland, even with the gravy. \n\nI do however like the word spatzle. If I ever visited Germany, I would only say spatzle, to everyone. I also liked the other thing that was served with the entree. It was kind of like a mashed potato mixed with some creme sauce, onions and some kind of green vegetable or herb (probably spinach). \n\nThe beer here was good authentic German beer. I didn't get drunk, but I still don't remember what kind I had, you'll have to experiment. \n\nService was excellent. I read some reviews that said Murphy's was slow but everything came out quickly and evenly for us. The waitress was very friendly and they spoke lovely German (not that I speak ANY German, but it sounded sexy). She was very helpful in describing everything, from the food to the beer.\n\nI ordered a BAP (big ass pretzel) to go. Philly is known for some pretty good pretzels and this BAP was good. It was expensive, but it came out warm, soft & chewy. The only thing is they went a little heavy on the salt. \n\nTo steal and modify a quote from a Seinfeld episode: \""""That big ass pretzel made me thirsty\""""!  \n\nNote* They don't actually have it on the menu as a BAP.\n\nWould I return to Murphy's? Ehhh, yeah to try some of the other things, but I definitely can't see it as a place that I would be a regular at."""""""
"""Appetizers galore...and all so, so good.  I'm sworn to the Ahi Tuna Tartar, which easily serves two. \n\nProbably 18 visits in the last six months, mostly during happy hour.\n\nPROS:  Appetizers.  Staff.  Staff uniforms.  Lighting.  Drink selection.  Menu diversity.  LOCATION = the BOMB!  Vast majority of entrees dependably excellent.\n\nCONS:  Not exactly dirt cheap.  Some of the big ticket, prime items have disappointed me (Chilean Sea Bass wasn't that great, I even questioned its authenticity), but I still tend to order with confidence.  Perhaps a bit too much \corporate\"""" design in both the menu and interior - sure, it was well thought out and very well executed (you don't get to park your restaurant in the Waterfront otherwise!)  The question is....where's the creativity, the uniqueness?"""""""
"""Downtown Phoenix is certainly in need of trendy restaurants like the Blue Hound. It has an industrial meets urban-chic-trendy type of atmosphere. There are chandeliers in cages, plank floors and rustic wood tables - and it all works nicely together. That said, there is nothing to help absorb sound so it can get quite loud quickly and difficult to carry on a conversation in a normal tone of voice.\n\nThe service was excellent so whatever kinks other reviewers have mentioned were certainly not apparent the evening we were there. Our servers was extremely knowledgable about the menu items, but also about the cocktails. She was attentive but didn't smother us, and she wanted to make sure we were happy with what we ordered.\n\nSome have described the menu as \southern\"""" cuisine, which I don't get. Just because there are grits on the menu doesn't make it southern. The menu is innovative and creative - perhaps a bit too much so. \n\nThe food we had was good - but be prepared for very small portions overall, and fairly high prices. We started out with the pulled pork sliders on a white corn johnnycake. The pork was extremely flavorful but the johnnycake just wasn't substantial to support it. These sliders have to be eaten with a fork, and the pork fell off the johnnycake so it was difficult to get both the pork and cake in one bite. Entrees: the mac & cheese ($11) came in a very small cast iron cassoulet. Good, but more appetizer size than entree. Again, the portion size of the Alaskan Cod was small. Nicely presented, but it looked very lonely on the plate. The Plum Tomato flatbread was unispiring, lacking character and flavor. Very little basil. Steer clear of that option. The best entree was the Porterhouse Pork Chop. This was a good-sized portion, cooked perfectly and the confit was excellent. Desserts: the Sticky Toffee bread pudding with bacon ice cream was dry and not flavorful - very disappointing. The Carmelized Pineapple Upside Down cake was excellent.\n\nThe food was good - not outstanding - and high priced for the portion size. Great place for visitors to the Valley, and maybe business lunches. Glad we tried it but I doubt if we'll return. We just weren't that impressed."""""""
Rip's is a pleasant surprise.  I would rate it 3.5 if that were an option.  It's a lot bigger of a place than it actually seems.  Bartenders make good drinks  (or you can go for the PBR of course) and the prices are better.   There have been some good bands there if you like live music, here's a place to check out.  The crowd is eclectic.  I think if a few more Cen Pho  20s & 30s somethings (Scottsdale crowd and hipsters excluded) made this a regular spot it'd be even more fun, but I do love the extreme variety of people from all walks of life that do make an appearance here.  Definitely a good place to stop on a bar crawl night!
Gave Chang's another chance this week, and this time the service was much better. Quite friendly and efficient, as a matter of fact. Shared the Salt and Pepper Prawns and Shrimp Fried Rice, and both were delicious. I've always liked their food. No, it's not the greatest or most original Asian food around, but it's pretty good. It's the service that I've struggled with - but if they're able to maintain the level they displayed the other day, I will definitely continue to grace their restaurant with my presence. Ha!\n\nOh, also told our waiter about my fortune-less fortune cookie on my last visit, and he apologized profusely, said they got a bad batch last month in which one out of every three cookies was empty. The problem had been resolved, he assured me, and sure enough this time I got a fortune. Not a very good one, something about me having a deep appreciation of the arts and music (Well, duh), but hey, it was a fortune. Sort of. Ok, not really. But it was a saying on a little piece of paper, which was all I really wanted..
It's good.  A little eclectic and a lot overpriced.  The burgers are varied and all mini...they suggest you mix and match.  Shrimp Po Boy, Rabbit, Buffalo, etc.  That's fine, but then the price gets a little mighty.  They have sweet potato fries and I like mine with a brown sugar/cinnamon dusting, but that's not how they do it here.  Another side option is tots.  They are the tots I used to eat in the 8th grade cafeteria.  I loved them then and I liked them now smothered in queso.  Nice atmosphere and friendly staff.
I've ridden the light rail quite a few times. I'm sure if I lived closer to a stop, I'd ride it more. We'll see how efficient it is for commuters when it expands. \n\nI'm thrilled Phoenix finally has some sort of mass transit besides the bus. As far as this being THE solution to overcrowded streets and freeways, I think not. However, a city has to start somewhere and I am happy that Phoenix has the light rail finally. \n\nIt actually somewhat felt like I lived in a real city when I was riding it (as in, a city that's cool and has culture other than white bread activities) but I digress...\n\nUnfortunately...\n\nIt's slow.\nIt stops at lights.\nAnd it's not very efficient. \nTo get from the Dobson/Main stop in Mesa to the stop in Phoenix for First Friday's it took over an hour. That wasn't accounting for the delay in the car of over 30 minutes!\n\nIt would have cost me less and taken less time (even without the delay) to have driven from far east Gilbert, parked near First Friday's, and driven home. \n\nYah, I'm a hater, sorry. \n\nIt's good if you're one of the lucky ones in one of our sprawling cities that has the great convienince of living within a couple miles of the line, other than that it's not cost or time efficient for the hundreds of thousands of others...rather just a novelty.
We were at a D-Backs game and my wife suggested we hold off on crappy stadium food and hit the Pasta Bar. Downtown Phoenix isnt exactly known for great places to eat (excluding Bianco) and the entire metro area in Maricopa County isn't known for places that stay open late.\n\nSo it was a pleasant surprise to see that the pasta bar stays open until 2am. Its located in the back of a little strip mall and could be a little challenging to find. The d\u00e9cor is metro-hip and reflects the slowly changing character of downtown Phoenix.\n\nThe pasta bar specializes in one thing: homemade Italian pasta served in bowls. Don't go expecting ordinary pasta..These dishes are from the mother country. The ingredients are stellar and you will be glad you came.\n\nI see several people complaining at the price. The pasta bar is not the olive garden..its really a pasta specialty house and you will pay more for the quality of ingredients and all their pastas are home made. My wife had the Orricheite (spelling I know) and I had the pasta with the ribeye steak in it. Both were really good. We also shared some fried mozzarella.\n\nWhile some found the portions small I found it more than adequate and I'm an eater. I did get a side of the meatballs which were out of this world. If your down in Phoenix and looking for a place that stays open past 9 (just like the big cities) try the pasta bar.
We'd been wanting to try NOCA for awhile and finally made it in last night.  All I can say is thank god for the bread - when people say the portions are small, they're really not kidding!  The kicker for me, though, is that in some cases you're paying full-size entree prices and getting what looks like a tapas size portion.  Don't get me wrong, the chef is obviously really talented and the menu is unique - we just left feeling pretty conflicted about the overall dining experience.\n\nApps\n- Oysters: $18 for five oysters - not cheap, but a reasonable amount to pay for good quality.  I forget the variety they were offering, but we had never heard of it (and we've eaten our fair share of oysters).  These were definitely fresh and delicious, but they were between the size of a dime and a penny each - about 20% as large as normal oysters.\n- Hamachi Crudo: Fish was fresh, good flavor.  Comes with 4 small strips of hamachi, some slivers of citrus and an avocado crema.  At $15 or $16, this is what you'd expect for a high end restaurant.\n\nMains\n- Duck: Absolutely phenomenal.  Perfectly cooked with well paired accompaniments.\n- Shell pasta with meatballs: VERY al dente (read: chewy) pasta with 3 meatballs that were each the size of a marble.  The entire entree could have fit into an 8oz measuring cup, which at $20 is a little hard to swallow, especially for undercooked pasta.  We ordered it without cheese, and it showed up with, so we had to send it back.\n\nDrinks\n- JR's Ripper and the Corpse Reviver #2: Both good.  JR's Ripper was fruity and not too strong, which was perfect for me since I was driving.\n\nReally, if it weren't for the pasta and the fact that the restaurant was really warm and smoky (they had to open the back door to air it out), we probably would have called it a win and planned on returning.  Now, it's up in the air.
Went here for lunch to meet with a friend who was in town for the day. This was during the week, and there as a pretty good crowd there. we were seated and took advantage of their lunch specials (if I remember correctly, they have a good variety of lunch combos for $10). I had the kung pao chicken, on a 9/10 spiciness level. My friend had the chicken pad thai, I think 8/10 hot. Our food didn't take long to come out, and I was surprised at the meat - rice ratio (more meat than I thought). The only bummer was that the chicken was hardly spicy at all, but it did taste great. As far as the service, it was fine until it took about 15 minutes for us to get our check, as the server didn't even come near our table to check on us. Would I go back? Probably
I'm glad this location isn't actually in the mall...wasn't in the mood to go to the mall when I visited. Road Runner has a good discount/VIP program and they have a good selection of their own brand of athletic wear that is less expensive than a lot of brand names. I was asked several times during my visit if I needed help with anything at all. Though I didn't buy anything that day, I was pretty happy with my visit.
Wildflower is just okay. Their breakfasts are delicious (I love their roasted veggie frittata) but when breakfast is over, so is my love for them. I personally find very few things on their menu to be exciting but I do appreciate that it is one of the few places in the valley that serves a daily rotating menu of soups, even if that menu does not always match up with what is listed online. Another major issue is their consistency, or lack thereof. Sometimes your order will be overflowing with a specific topping and other times it will be non-existent. If you do go, be sure to try their oatmeal butterscotch kiss cookie, it is really tasty!
A-ok.  Love that they have a Paradise Bakery Cafe though they did not carry my lemon sugar cookie.  \n\nGenerally pretty quick & convenient though TSA lines are long & slower than many airports of the same size.  If you have different airlines for your connections you may have to go in & out of different terminals which also means visiting TSA again...dislike.\n\nBe warned they do not expect proper etiquette from pet owners.  Lady pulled out her pet parakeet and it was practically flying around & generally bothering people.  They informed there was no leash law & nothing they could do to make the pet owner & her pet behave with some decorum!
"""For those of you who are really into this self serve fro-yo fad, Zen Zen Yogurt is probably your place. It's as good, if not better, than most of the others I have tried.  But to me, it suffers from the same problems all the others do. \n\nSure; it's big and clean. \nSure; it has a wide variety of flavors (and what I sampled was quite good) \nSure; It has all the clique toppings you could ask for. \nSure; you can \control\"""" the cost since they charge you by the ounce. \n\nUnfortunately, like other self service places... The Yogurt itself is barely frozen. It comes out so soft, that the first pump is incredibly liquidy. And on our less than 10 minute drive home (and this was at night when it was only in the mid 70's) our bowls were practically melted. We put them in the freezer for a few minutes hoping it would solidify a little more. This didn't help too much. Zen Zen may need to add a few more tables and chairs, because eating it there is the only way I could image being able to enjoy it on a hot summer night.. \n\nI also can't stand that there are only two bowl sizes at all of these places. If the yogurt were harder, and the bowls were smaller, I could maybe pump something that also looks a little nicer in the bowl. I know taste is a lot more important than presentation when it comes to self service food. But it would be nice if there wasn't just a little glop in my oversized bowl."""""""
Oh, District. My first review that's lower than 4 stars...\n\nI was here last night with some girlfriends for a drink or two & some snacks before we headed to a couple of other places. It was busy & being that I am a server, I get it..you're getting your ass kicked & I'm super understanding regarding that. However, it took probably 15-20 minutes total for her to approach us and for us to get our drinks..as soon as I took that first sip of my dirty Ketel martini, I was appeased as the bartender made it perfectly which is something that's a little hard to come by sometimes. \n\nOne of my girlfriends had the foresight to order some snacks prior to us getting there which was smart. The pretzel fondue & sliders were yummy but our server really didn't check up on us at all. In fact I kind of forgot we had a server to be honest. \n\nI see good things for a second visit to District so I'll most likely update my review as it has all the right ingredients but without stellar or even moderately ok service, the experience is kind of shot.
Almost every time I visit Tempe Marketplace, I go to Tea Infusion for a cup of tea or their amazing strawberry lemonade. Unfortunately, I am very disappointed with my last trip there. They seem to have new staffs that are not very well informed of their drinks preparation procedure. I ordered their strawberry lemonade, which is the best I have tried to date but it came out to be extremely watered-down. The strawberries they used are not ripe. This drink typically has lots of strawberry chunks and sweetness from the strawberries. Not anymore.\n\nI will probably give them another try the next time I am in the area and hopefully it will be better.
"""Wife and I had the Omikase and wine pairing.  Our bill was a whopping $500.  We sat at the counter and enjoyed our visit with Nobu.  \n\nPros - the food was very good (except for a ho hum dessert which was extra I believe) and presentation was beautiful.  The wine and sake pairing was excellent and very generously poured.\n\nCons -  the portions are small, tiny, minuscule.  Even after three hours of eating, still hungry.  Quality usually trumps quantity but this was ridiculous.  My wife does not like raw fish so she asked for the cooked omikase - this turned out to be just my dishes omitting the raw fish.  She got even less food and ended up being hungry and grumpy.\n\nOverall, the place is over hyped.  That's a lot of money to pay to sit at a counter and eat not a lot  (albeit mostly tasty) food.  Definitely a foodie \I must follow the herd\"""" place."""""""
I went here with a friend looking for something a little different.  Something a little more adult.  Sick of the Scottsdale scene with lame ass guys in their Affliction shirts and Dolce sunglasses.  I got exactly what I asked for, something completely different.  \n\nThis place is in the middle of nowhere and seems set apart from the outside world. Which is why is feels like something can happen at any moment.  And really, It did.  This is not a good place to scope out dudes or chicks for that matter but a great place to people watch.  You will not be disappointed if you like to see a very mixed group of people intermingling.  \n\nThe DJ did leave a lot to be desired.
I had wanted to visit this spot for a long time so one weekend I took the trip... I entered to a pretty busy spot I was seated right away. I was handed a menu and water and a plate of peanuts and pickled stuff... I was passed over for a bit and I called someone over to order... I went with the No. 34 Beef with Noodles in XO Spice Sauce and an order of egg rolls. I rate the food as followed.\n\nBeef with Fried Noodles in XO Spicy Sauce - B\nEgg Rolls - C +\nStaff - D\n \nI want to give this spot another try... I was kind of disappointed on this trip but there are many other things I want to try off the menu let's hope the next trip is on point.
Sadly I couldn't find my way to the Kentucky Derby, so when the day of horse racing arrived, there was only one obvious alternative: Turf Paradise of course! I heard that Turf Paradise would be celebrating the Kentucky Derby with live horse racing, a hat contest and option for a buffet, etc, so we all put on our finest derby attire and headed up north for a day of mint juleps, gambling and horses! \n\nWell, this is no Kentucky Derby, but the spot is still pretty cool for Phoenix! It's legit horse racing and has everything from a winners circle and grand seating to betting and plenty of regulars. The crowd was classic. Imagine rowdy college'esque meets dive bar regulars. The drinks flow here and they have plenty of options for gambling. You can gamble with $2 or $10 bets, or $100+ bets. They have plenty of concession stands with typical sporting event food and they also had a BBQ section that had decent burgers etc. \n\nHere's a fair warning. This place lacks a solid flow of AC unless you're in the clubhouse section. So this means, summer heat and indoors at Turf Paradise don't bode too well, so come prepared with a fan and plenty of water. This was a fun spot to watch live horse racing, but it wasn't the best to watch the Derby since the tvs are small. The live horse races happened about every thirty minutes and were fun to watch! I always got to watch the winning horse head over to the winner's circle and watch the owners and family take a picture. \n\nSo if you're looking for a fun activity in Phoenix and you've always been curious about what horse racing is like, I highly suggest stopping by Turf Paradise!
This is our neighborhood Chinese restaurant. The next closest is about 7 miles south so we go here when we want some quick Chinese.\n\nThe bad: \n\negg rolls are frozen crap you get at many Chinese restaurants.\n\nThey charge for brown rice\n\nThey charge for hot tea if you dine in.\n\nThey can't cook spicy no matter how spicy you ask for it. \n\nHeavy heavy vegetables. This helps make the food look bigger I guess.\n\nThe GOOD:\n\nSweet n Sour pork is excellent \n\nEgg foo young is great\n\nTeriyaki chicken is great\n\nBottom line this is a very average Chinese place. Nothing special.
"""I stopped in here just for interest and to price won ton wrappers and to see if they carried \black rice\"""", which I had been looking for unsuccessfully.  The wrappers were $2 per package, it was very interesting to look around at their wide variety of food, dry, fresh and frozen, cooking and serving ware, et al.  And they did have the Black Rice for $6.99 per 4# bag so I bought some, and the guy bagging it even translated the instructions for me so I would know to use a ratio of 1 c. Rice to 1.25 c. water and to let it sit for 10 min after cooking.  It's much bigger on the inside than it looks from the outside.  I bet anything you would need for Asian recipes you could find here!\n(4/18/09 )"""""""
I am pretty much a daily visitor to this AJ's. \n\nThe iced tea is solid. Amazing selection. \n\nThe americano's are delicious (I stopped going to Tully's because that hot assistant manager is no longer there). Also, the Americanos are cheaper at AJ's and you get more bang for your buck. It's no secret that I love bang.\n\nThe hot foods section is pretty good. Sometimes when I am in a pinch, I go over there and pick up a roasted chicken breast to add to my lunch. It's quite good once you pick off the skin. I don't know how you slobs eat that stuff.\n\nThe cheese selection!? Amazing. I got my tax return on Friday and like a jackass spent 50 bucks just on cheese. I have a problem. Oh well. At least I can feast like a lord. Unfortunately it will make me sick, but who cares? I can eat like a lord. Oh lord.\n\nHmm...let's see. What else? Well...it's not a cheap store, but everything is good. \n\nFor my LA friends who are reading this....think of AJ's as a slightly bigger version of Bristol Farms. Pretentious? Slightly. Awesome? Absolutely.
Been here several times, food is always good, services is sometimes slow but very friendly, and it's in my hood. So, not sure why it's not my go to place for Mexican food. Definitely need to move them higher up in the rotation, especially since I love, love, love their beef machaca.\n\nI also recently discovered that they have a margarita cupcake. It's a vanilla cupcake infused with tequila and lime, topped with lime cream cheese frosting, and garnished with lime zest and salt. Heaven!
Gyros are tasty and the fries that come with it are decent.  I've also tried the beef/chicken combo plate with rice and found it to be pretty good.  Not really Greek food for the hard core Greek seeker, but hits the spot for a change of pace from other fast food places.\n\nOnly one complaint - listen up Daphne's: Wash down your damn patio - daily! The birds leave their marks on the tables and chairs there and it's really disgusting.  With the weather turning really nice, I'll be looking for other places to eat outside.
Good Sushi, great happy hour prices. \n\nWell, most of the time good sushi. Try to get to know one of the chefs, your sushi gets a lot better! The other fare is not as good as the sushi.\n\nOne of my favorite parts of sushi is Saki and they do have a good Saki menu. Bombers aside, and they have bombers, they have good Saki. Although not always enough knowledge of Saki, or sushi for that matter. It is obvious that the management is well aware that they have a golden location and are not really that worried about the staff being impressive in their knowledge of what they are serving. \n\nPretty sweet music most times!
"""Russ suggested My Florist for lunch since we were in the area, but I said, \well I always go there at night and while sitting at My Florist, see this cute little lunch place across the street that I've been wanting to try, so let's go there.\"""" \n\nIt's good for a quick lunch and an alternative to fast food (anything is better than the F food).\n\nI got the chicken feta pita, it was okay, kinda boring.  I think I liked the design of the place better than the food. So, ++ for good marketing and design, now if they'd do something more interesting with the menu :)"""""""
Being from CA I learned about the rich and diverse history of AZ.  There are many excellent displays in the chronological walk through self-guided tour.  I was disappointed with the sparse coverage of the native american story and other finer details of other ethnic groups. There are some efforts throughout but I am left feeling like it is a history told from the conquerors. I think this perpetuates ignorance.  Because of this I feel compelled to give less stars because of this but I do think it is worthy of your $5 and time.
Decent pho place, non-threatening and great for first timers. It is clean, sleek, and lacks some of the charming grunge that my favorite pho places have. I had the pho ga (chicken) and I thought the broth was really rich in flavor.  I'd say the food is 4 star but the service is only ok. Every time I wanted something I had to flag down my waiter and ask. he wasn't around often enough to notice things like water refills, boxes, condiments. Great springs roll too--their peanut sauce is great!
beer.. sausage.. pork patties.. potatoes.. pickled cabbage.\nmmm then nap time.\n\nanytime i find a german bier garden I try my hardest to get to it and considering i was only in AZ for a couple days i thought it was a good chance to try haus murphy's.. \n\nfrom the looks of things from pictures from other yelpers it looked promising.. \nfigured i'd get some good beer and brats.\n\nso by the time i made it out there i was starving and we still had to wait for 2 more people to show... this could have added to my crankiness because i think we waited for 30 minutes watching every car drive by.\n\nit would have probably made me feel better to get a beer first but i didn't want to go in by myself considering the kitchen staff came out to stare while i was doing a walk through to check out what we were dealing with.\n\nso most of the patrons had white/silver hair.. and it looked like they were celebrating life.\n\nit's more homestyle than i thought it would be but when you hear beer garden and lounge.. you think it should be more happening but it was a thursday night in glendale and the place closes at 9.. i should have put it all together.\n\nthe place is huge.. it's actually the restaurant for the first half of the building then the backside is the lounge.. then alongside the entire building is the beer garden.\n\nit was a nice nite out so we decided to stay outside in the beer garden.\n\nthe service is nice and helpful.. it's too bad the food didn't cut it.\ntheir brats were spongy.. weisswurt had a different spice in it i couldn't put my finger on and the only sausage on the baunerplatte that was decent was knack wurst.. but that's just like a regular hot dog.\n\ntheir mustard was just the generic haines spicy brown mustard... i think they could have made it much more authentic or gone with something with more flavor.. \n\nthe schniztel was good.. but nothing more than a breaded cutlet.. which is what it is.. and i'd rather get it with donkatsu sauce at a japanese place.. the kossler kotelett.. is explained as a boiled pork chop.. which if you really think about it.. it's a slice of ham..  which it was.. and nothing too spectacular..\n\nall the meats were pilled on top of either sauerkraut or pickled red cabbage and then on the sides of the plate were fried potatoes and the german potato salad.. nothing more than diner style fried potatoes.. but i did not get to try the potato salad because my non food adventurous friends got to it first.\n\nthe highlight is the atmosphere.. it's very welcoming and you have different sections to sit in depending on what you want to make of your night..\n\nthey have an awesome beer selection.. i wanted the spaten oktoberfest but they ran out and got me a different oktoberfest edition beer..\nbut the one that took the cake was the warstener dunkle.. \nit's a brown ale.. but it's so light and crisp you'd think it was a blonde.. \nit's absolutely delicious.. i was so jealous i didn't get it.. and even more so when my friend was billed $5 for his 32 oz and i had a 16 oz of the oktoberfest.. sheesh.. \nthe other item i can vouch for is the soup of the day which was potato soup.. i didn't think i would care for it because we had the mount of potatoes and pickled cabbage.. but the soup was my favorite.. it was perfectly seasoned.. and pureed... and dipping their prebought buns into the soup was delicious.. it's a shame both the bread and the soup were the smallest in portion out of everything.\n\ni still prefer red lion tavern in LA or hofbrauhaus in vegas...\n\nbut haus murphy's food did do the sleep trick.. i went back to my friends place and took a nap.. i don't know.. something about the beer and sausage mix that just makes me want to sleep right after.. it's worse than turkey dinners!\n\ni forgot to mention they now serve absinthe..
We went for the second time last night and it was really very good. There were some glitches last night that seemed to be felt throughout the restaurant. Case and point: my boyfriend order a rare steak (we even emphasized really rare) and it came medium well. The waitress kindly resolved the issue, but I was almost done with my meal by the time his replacement steak arrived. But I will not fault them for this. \n\nWe shared some tortilla soup to start (very tasty and could be a meal by itself). I had the Shrimp dinner . . .very good a little spicy and my shrimp were slightly over cooked. \n\nThe star of the night was for sure the cornbread chili casserole - it was sweet with a little spicy . . .so good. \n\nGenerally I find their dishes slightly on the spicy side for my taste buds - but overall very good. I would give them a 3 1/2 . . . almost a 4 \n\nWe will be back . . . may be just for the cornbread and tortilla soup!
We finally stopped at Smashburger this evening. I'd heard a lot of good things about the place and was looking forward to it.\n\nThe food was good. The burger reminded me of Steak and Shake back in Indiana, or maybe the old Wendys of the late 1970's. The onion ring things were good, with the same sort of yummy sauce you get with the Bloomin' Onion at Outback Steakhouse. The other people with me had the fries, which were also good--garlic on them, I think. \n\nThe atmosphere was a step up from a typical fast food place, but only a step. The prices were, I thought, really high for what you get. That is the reason for three stars instead of four. I would expect more for the money--better yet, knock 50 cents to $1 off of each item. That would be a winner.\n\nAll in all, it was okay. Everything good, nothing great, and almost as expensive as a full service restaurant.
Solid 3.5 stars. A wee bit under the weather, I looked to Marian to cook something nourishing and chase the monster in my head. So she took me here. Great idea.\n\nI had eaten here before, but it had been quite some time. Spring rolls were tasty with a delightful peanut dipping sauce. Loaded with vermicelli, shrimp and what I think was turkey. I noticed after ordering these that they had chicken wings in a special fish sauce scrawled on the chalkboard. Yes please. Crispy hot and coated in a savory salty sweet fish sauce with bits of caramelized shallot, really tasty. \n\nBowls of soup chock full of noodles and mixed proteins. Tripe, tendon, meatball, beef. I thought the depth of flavor in the broth was minimal, but after augmenting with fish and chile sauces, basil and whatnot it was quite tasty. Just what the doctor ordered.\n\nWashed it all down with an icy mug of 33 beer, I was feeling 100 % better. I love it when she cooks like this.
Decent neighborhood restaurant. Use to go there about once a week. Usually order the taproom steak with the string beans & basil tomatoes. Last time I went to my surprise they no longer have there delicious string beans that they sauteed with mushrooms & onions, instead they had flavorless steamed broccoli. I asked the waitress why they no longer had them she didn't know but said a lot people were complaining. also my steak was dry & overcooked. My husband ordered the fish & chips but usually orders an extra piece of fish when he is really hungry because the portion is on the skimpy side although tasty.
I tasted my first Qdoba burrito last night. I went with the Queso Steak burrito. The burrito was hearty with lots of meat, rice and beans topped off with pico and some cheese and sour cream. My wife enjoyed her chicken burrito bowl with similar ingredients.\n\nI've had many burritos from taquerias to the burrito chains. Qdoba falls somewhere in the middle. I would gladly take a Qdoba burrito over a Chipotle or Una Mas burrito any day based on my initial experience.\n\nThe staff was friendly and we were in and out for our take out order within 3-5 minutes.
After a long morning of fun at Big Surf we were looking for a quick place to stop for a drink and late lunch. Pranksters Too came up, so we went ahead and tried it. It was really spacious inside, and is located along the Scottsdale Greenbelt- I've seen it from the Greenbelt before.. Tons of TVs, pool, games and upside down beer signs. They had a bratwurst special for $3 including a side. Seemed like a good deal, but I went with the hot dog because I was in the mood with the potato salad. The potato salad was pretty good, and the drinks were poured well. I liked the kiddie games they had, we did the claw game and I didn't win anything as usual. Had my eye on the elephant plush. \nOverall, it was a nice quick spot to grab a drink and grub and get on with our Saturday. I will probably go back. (:
It's hard for me to review this place because I've never been to the first one, only the sequel.  I went here for a Seahawks game once.  They were able to get my game on one of their tiny TVs, meanwhile the 49er game was on two GIANT TVs. There was some Patriots fan there that kept yelling and clapping for his team, but he was the only Pats fan there.  I think they have a strange system for their waitresses- we were constantly asked if everything is okay and if we wanted food after we had already ordered.  Usually places assign one waitress per table.  We had four.
I have to give this place a thumbs up and an A-OK rating. I went last night for dinner with some girlfriends and while it was enjoyable nothing was mind blowing about this place. I'd go back but I am not chomping at the bit to go. \nThe set up is cool and relaxed, excellent atmosphere for a gathering of friends. Nothing that stuck me as interesting or unique. Just nice. Our waitresses were super nice and kept us happy without bugging us too much. They made the visit enjoyable. \nFood was good. Again, nothing bad by any means but nothing that I will be dreaming about for days. We ordered a cheese fondue to start and it was pretty delish. Melted brie cheese with cauliflower, broccoli, apples, 1/2 a salt pretzel, and some bread to dip. This by far was my favorite thing I ate. If I go back, I will get this. I ate the chicken sandwich with fries which was good. Nothing to go crazy over but for sure good. My girlfriends had the sliders and a tuna melt. Same rating for theirs sandwiches. It is worth mentioning that their sandwiches come with fries and they are pretty delightful. Another friend ordered the bruchetta and while she said it was good, she also mentioned it didn't compare to Postino's bruchetta... \nTo drink everyone else had different wines which they enjoyed, but I had a glass of sangria. It was nice and fruity, if you like sangria I recommend it. \nEver see 10 Things I Hate About You? Remember when she says I know you can be overwhelmed and I know you can be underwhelmed, but can you ever just be whelmed? The Living Room left me feeling just whelmed.
"""3 1/2 Stars.\n\nRecommended when I first moved to Phoenix by a Korean friend of mine, I ventured to Seoul Jung for lunch and had an all around pretty decent meal. It's in, say, an \up-and-coming\"""" part of Glendale, I guess and when you walk in the first thing you smell is fresh paint (they seem to be re-doing the interiors), but hey, I don't mind that toxic fresh paint smell (don't get me started on rubber cement when I was in 1st grade).\n\nAnyway, since I was running errands (ie. taxes), I was dining solo today and therefore abstained from doing actual barbeque. However, the tables I did see folks grilling on (although it was not crowded at all on this Friday lunch hour), had meat which looked and smelled great. \n\nI ordered the bi bim bap (sizzling rice in a stone pot topped with sauteed and seasoned veggies and thinly sliced beef) with hot bean paste and when it got to me I was mildly disappointed, because it didn't look as tantalizing as the one my colleague had at Chuhgajib a few weeks ago. Also, the amount of beef in the dish was miniscule - it was pretty much veggie anyway. And I thought they were going to cook WITH the hot bean paste. Instead I just got a plastic squirt bottle of hot bean paste on the side. This was worth the extra $1 from the regular bi bim bap? Oh well. At least on the upside, it still tasted pretty good. \n\nThe banchan (a number of complimentary vegetable/seaweed side dishes served in small bowls) wasn't nearly as varied as Chuhgajib either, but the kimchi was definitely hotter (which was a bonus for me).\nI was looking forward to ending the meal with a bowl of sikhye (chilled sweet rice soup) but none came. Some unmelted Orbit peppermint gum in my car had to suffice instead.\n\nThe friendly, and dare I say very striking, server seemed a bit harried running around the dining room by herself, but the service was good. I can't give a full review of either this place or Chuhgajib until I come with a carnivorous group and actually have their BBQ (ie. grill on the table), but the star ratings stand as far as the other offerings go.\n\nIf someone asked me to come back here to Seoul Jung for a meal, I'd say \""""sure\"""" - for 10 bucks it was a fairly satisfying meal - but I'd also say, \""""Well, there's this other Korean  joint a few miles further...\""""\n\nHowever, in this neighborhood of Glendale, I'd definitely say it's the best thing going."""""""
"""I really wasn't expecting this place to be spectacular because 90% of the \Mexican\"""" restaurants in this town serve the same stuff the same way for the same price.  This place was no exception.  You get a decent plate of food complete with rice and re-fried beans for under $10.  The same ole' tacos, burritos, etc. you would find at just about any other place.  Nothing special to be found here.\n\nI did enjoy the serve yourself chip and salsa bar.  The chips were good and the salsas were good as well.  I also liked that the staff was very friendly and the food was ready in under 5 minutes.  They have it all down pretty good for the 12:00 \""""lunch rush\"""" of which I was a part.  My coworkers and I were out of there in under an hour.\n\nI ordered the chile rellenos.  For some reason they felt the need to put some type of thick breading over the chillies.  This is no bueno.  However, after picking off the breading the chillies were quite good.  Spicy and full of cheese just the way I like them.  The re-fried beans and rice that came with the meal were just ok."""""""
"""I'll be perfectly honest.  I probably never would have gone here if it had not been for my husband's coworkers.  College bars just aren't my scene, living in Boston will do that to you.  But given it was the summer and we were in a group of 50 I thought it would be ok. \n\nWe took over the whole back part which was nice.  The drinks were well made and I'm assuming cheap.  They have two pool tables in the back, which are slightly awkward given their close proximity to the bar.  The music was fairly generic ranging from your classic drunk girl anthems (Pour Some Sugar on Me) to current Top 40 hits.  My husband enjoyed the bathroom attendant, whom he swears must have be related to Lil Jon, saying things like \Get yo piss on!\""""  \n\nThey have a \""""no pictures\"""" policy which I found to be incredibly lame.  You can't snap a picture of you and your friend having a good time without their written permission?  Really?  Guys, its not that impressive of a place that you have to try to keep it secretive.  I've actually never experienced something like that before and most of the places I frequent are a lot nicer than this.\n\nWould I go once classes start in the fall? Heck no."""""""
3/5 sauced out.\n\nnot bad for fish in a desert, once you get over that then it is worth a try. they have a good selection, though it is pretty pricey when it is not happy hour. i found it odd that the decor inside seemed anything but japanese though. pan-asian, if you will. i think that's also the take-away on the food--it is a lot of stuff put together to cover all the bases instead of one single thing that is quality at once. of all the ones we tried, the kamikaze was the best. the seaweed salad is also pretty good. cucumber gin drink was pretty strong, but not necessarily tasty.
For such a small space, Stinkweeds definitely does a good job of packing as much variety as they can in their store. As far as record stores go, they've got a pretty decent collection in both CD's and vinyl. My only qualm with this place is that they tend to only carry newer stuff or the more popular titles of indie genres. If you're like me and like to peruse through older and hard-to-find collections, be sure to check out Tracks in Wax a few blocks down the street on Central. That being said, this is definitely a place you'll want to drop into. Their selection of concert/music video DVD's is pretty solid as is what their magazine stand has to offer. Sure, it's no Amoeba but it's the next best thing.
"""We arrived early on Saturday night and had our pick up tables. On such a beautiful night, we opted for patio dining. \n\nThe restaurant is nicely appointed but tables are a little to close to one another both inside and outside. The inside was already noisy with just a few tables seated. Outside, the servers could not easily get around the tables closest to the outer railing and they were constantly saying \excuse me\"""" to pass dishes across the table. \n\nBussers were way too eager to remove plates before others had finished their plates. If you follow my reviews, you know this is one of my biggest pet peeves! We have taken to ordering appetizers or salads first, then reserving our orders for our main courses until we have gotten well through our appetizers.  I hate being rushed. \n\nWe ordered a nice bottle of Conn Creek.  It was really lovely and fairly priced, especially for North Scottsdale. The bread with herb-infused olive oil was quite delish, although we didn't overdo it, suspecting that portions of our appetizers and entrees would be plentiful, and they were. \n\nWe started with the calamari fritti and risotto with wild mushrooms. Unfortunately, even though the portion was huge, the calamari was way to chewy and tough, and had no real flavor. The marinara sauce needed a little salt. (That seems to be the case with many restaurants these days . . . they go by the philosophy that you can always add salt, but you can't remove it.)  On the other hand, the risotto was spot on! It was well seasoned and perfectly cooked. You can easily make the risotto a full meal!  My husband had the shell pasta with ham, peas, and mushrooms in a light tomato sauce. It was the best choice of all. My stepdaughter had the linguine with clams, scallops and shrimp in spicy tomato sauce. Even with the \""""spicy\"""" it was a little bland.  I had a pizza with mushrooms and eggplant. Initially, they brought out sausage and eggplant, and when I explained that I ordered mushroom and eggplant, they took it back and made another.  I also asked if they could make the pizza a little more well done. The correct pizza didn't come out until after my husband and stepdaughter had already finished their meals (and they are not fast eaters).  Seriously . . . they should have taken the pizza off the tab. As far as how it tasted, well, I had one piece . . . The mushrooms and eggplant were diced and not sliced which made it difficult to eat.  For the most part, I ate the toppings first and then the pizza. \n\nIn all fairness, Mia Francesca has just recently opened, and I think they need a little time to get their footing.  One of the Chicago managers who was there to oversee the opening asked about our experience, and I was honest . . . No doubt that we will be back as there are some really nice features that deserve a second chance."""""""
Eh - okay, I like the look of the complex design, probably because it has that downtown urban vibe. Right now, it doesn't have a lot of great shopping - but what it currently has is the always-cool Apple store, the hip and somewhat cheap fashions of H&M, and the modern and reasonably priced West Elm. It's got some small shops popping up as well as some delicious eateries such as True Food, Grimaldi's and Brio. Like Kierland Commons (located right across the street) it is a nice area to walk around, and has a centrally located play-fountain area for the kiddos. With some of the pricier restaurants and the gimmicky iPic theater, it's definitely another personality-lacking shopping mall - which Scottsdale has an abundance of - apparently Scottsdale needed another one.
"""I'm all about local food and gourmet ingredients and unique dishes, but I really feel like the atmosphere should be on the same par with the food.  I felt like this place was mismatched from the Front of the House to the Back of the House.  \nFor the price and the bio of the chef, I assumed this place would have table service at least.\nMy food was fine, but I enjoy the whole \experience\"""" when I go out.  I just don't feel like Essence is quite there yet.  Awesome macaroons though, definitely give them a try...just expect VERY sweet."""""""
I had been promising my friend I would introduce her to gelato for a while... and we were in the neighborhood so we stopped at Gelato Spot.  I'd never been there before so I didn't make her any promises (the gelato I prefer is HEAVENLY... Angel Sweet :)).  This place wouldn't give you half and half in the smallest size which really sucks!  So we got the next biggest size.  She wanted what I ordered so we got two half chocolate, half raspberry.  It was okay... she liked it, she noticed the smooth and creamy texture... but I wasn't impressed.  I STILL owe her gelato :o)  That's not a bad thing though!  Good excuse to indulge in my favorite dessert on the face of the earth!
I haven't been to the fair in years, and I figured it was time to head back down to the fairgrounds once again to have a bit of fun while its still here.  The first time I went, I remember it clear as day, and had a blast with some friends on a Saturday afternoon.\n\nNow, I came back, and its as fun as I remember it to be.  Rides galore, with tons of things to see and do.  What I like about the fair is the following:\n\nA) you don't have to like rides to have a good time here. There's plenty to see, do and eat to keep you entertained for quite a few hours.  \n\nB) tons of food! Cotton candy, turkey legs, hot dogs and tons more to eat.  Trust me, you won't go hungry! Be careful tho, some of the food is expensive, so try to spread yourself out when eating here.\n\nC) free shows and things to do.  We saw a really cool drum circle with Native American dancers on a stage in the back.  Also went through a verizon NFL booth that had all kinds of entertainment inside related to football.\n\nD) My favorite thing of all time-THE ANIMALS!!  We saw so many sheep that were absolutely adorable I wanted to take them home with me.  They have cows, Llamas, chickens, birds, pigs, goats, the whole 9 yards.  This is worth the price of admission alone.  They also have competitions amongst the animals and thats fun to watch as well.\n\nE) Every year they have concerts here, some free some not.  There was a horse show going on in the arena when we arrived, but I do know that Korn was playing in the colliseum that night for a few extra dollars.   I know snoop dogg used to perform here too, but the concerts are fun if someone you like should come into town.\n\nThe downside to the fair is that it can be expensive as all get out.  Last I checked, it was like $20 for 24 tickets, and that gets you 2, maybe 3 rides.  I wanted to ride the Ferris Wheel SO BAD, but the price for tickets was outrageous! it would have cost to much to go on the ride for a few minutes, so I passed.  :-( I only cried for like 2 minutes over it, but I cried into my bag of cotton candy, so I didn't feel so bad when I was done. \n\nOverall, not bad, just eat before you go so you don't put yourself in the poor house when going here. No, I'm not being cheap, but I just paid $7 for a bag of cotton candy, and almost paid $25 to ride the ferris wheel one time, so if thats okay with you, then go ahead. LOL
"""If you're looking for the same americhino fare that you had here in 1983, well, there it is.  Same menu, same recipes, same grease.\nThere's nothing too terrible about their greasy, fried: \n(rice, egg rolls, chicken, chicken wings, sesame chicken, onion rings, egg foo young, s&s pork, and jello).\nYes, even the jello was deep fried and greasy.  Not really.\nThere's just not much selection, and what you get is 'mbleh'.\n(that's half 'meh' and half 'blah')\nEveryone keeps saying \well, at least it's only $6.\""""  \nWell, for that price, I could pick from a half dozen gems within a mile radius of this nostalgic black hole boofay of yester-year.\nBut I'll generously round them up -  they're friendly, the food's tasty and filling, and fuggit it was only $6."""""""
I've done breakfast here a time or two. I do totally enjoy the fact that the oj is bottomless but its no butterfields fresh squeezed thats for sure! The prices are good, especially for the over 55. They also have a decent under 500 calorie breakfast selection. I ordered the nut pancakes!! Wow I was pleasantly surprised with how good they actually tasted and the egg subsitution was better than a lot of other restaurants! Its nothing over the top amazing but it works if you are in the area, especially over IHOP or Dennys. \nAnd check out their pies! MMMMMMmmm good for a chain pie and definitely beats out the freezer kinds!
This place was fine, I had a combo with a taco and two mini chimis.  They had it on special for $5.99, I thought wow-that's a lot of food for six bucks, but the mini chimis were more like cheese egg rolls.  Not that there's anything wrong with that :)\nI wouldn't say the beef in the taco was the best, kind of blah, but everything else was decent and the beans were good (for once!!).\nThis place must be listed in the daytime drinkers directory as I think I was the only person in the restaurant not having a beer or margarita.  I'll have to go back when I don't have an afternoon full of appointments!!
OH YES I DID!\n\nI have to give this Aliberto guy some credit. While your favorite brand of engineered beverage, personal hygiene liquid, or processed food snack is proudly helping you through the recession by offering 11.5 oz of product in the same 14 oz container- this guy sticks to the game plan.\n\nYou can still get the original 3,500 calorie taco salad for less than six bucks, and the Beef Chimichanga STILL comes with a heart stalling wad of shredded beef, fajita vegetables, and fried tortilla smothered in alarming portions of sour cream, guac, and cheese. They are just too legit to quit.\n\nThis Aliberto's is also family owned- Mom, Dad, Uncle, two son's and a daughter all work here. And the place is squeeky clean inside. All of the ingredients in the requisite Burrito fixins' bar are always fresh- sliced cucumbers, limes, carrots, red and green sauce.\n\n...and you can get the ice cold bottles of Coke from Mexico that have real cane sugar. So, it's (ahem) actually healthy.
Filled all our needs - shorts for the hubby who forgot to bring shorts to Arizona on vacation (DOH!), roller blades for the kids (didn't buy...but they actually had two pair in good shape - we tried to hunt down the missing one in a Berkeley Goodwill forever and never did find it), and groovy martini glasses for $1.95 each for my collection of thrift-shop mismatched martini glasses. Although I literally had them in my hand when a woman came along with a shopping cart and told me she had just gone to get it because she wanted to put THOSE martini glasses in it. I know she wasn't lying so I gave them up. I expect karma to pay me back real soon.
"""This review is for the massage services, only...\n\nSignage out front lures you in, as it proclaims \$19 for one hour massage\""""...but note that the offer is for first time clients, only.  \n\nI bought gift certificates for a couple family members one Christmas, and also one session for myself.  We were able to schedule two simultaneous appointments, but that was the maximum because they employed only two massage therapists (at that time, at least).  When we filled out the paperwork as first time clients, it became evident that their goal was to sign us up for a membership.  The staff also brought this up at every possible opportunity.  Be forewarned that the introductory offer is seemingly just a means to get you in the door and sign up for ongoing sessions at a much higher (per-session..? monthly..? yearly..?) cost.  \n\nThe lobby area of the office was actually quite nice, not exactly a spa-type environment but there were some nice decorative touches.  The rooms where the massages took place were a slightly different story.  The one I was assigned to was rather outdated, brightly lit (lots of windows), large and impersonal, and seemingly multi-functional (chairs, tables, personal belongings here and there), not to mention freeeeeezing cold.  It was also right next to the main road outside so traffic noises were quite audible.  I'm not a massage snob, not trying to be hyper critical, but the room temperature and noise made it pretty difficult for me to relax.\n\nAs for the massage therapists, apparently the woman who worked on my family members was great, really knew what she was doing.  Unfortunately, the same can't quite be said about the young gal I was assigned to.  I don't want to drag her through the mud but clearly she didn't have a whole lot of experience.  She seemed a bit unsure and barely spent any time on the areas where I really could've used some work.  She brushed quickly over the entire lower and upper back, shoulders, upper arms, and neck, and instead focused a puzzling amount of time on my shins, of all places.  And although she put hardly any noticeable pressure on the rest of my body, the shin treatment was unbearably painful and relentless...she kept going over and over them to the point where I couldn't control my involuntary flinching and had to ask her to stop.  \n\nIn all honesty, my massage left me more tense than I had been to begin with.  It wasn't quite the relaxing experience I'd hoped for.  And what further upped the awkwardness factor was when my massage therapist came to me, after I'd finished getting dressed, with a fee sheet and asked me when I would like to schedule my next session with her.  Ummm...thank you, but, ummm...      \n\nAs I said, my other family members were super pleased with their massages, so it's not all bad, I just personally had a less-than-wonderful experience.  My advice, if you decide to schedule an appointment, is to ask ahead of time about each therapist's qualifications and tenure so you can specify at that time who you'd like to see.  And bring warm, fuzzy socks.  And shin guards."""""""
I'm from the SF Bay area and I get pupusa from Zocalos and La Bamba. While the pupusas here were pretty good I can't say the same for some of the plates. I ordered the bistec something and it was drenched in some sort of gravy. While the meat was tender, it was abit salty for my taste. The cabbage salad they gave was great but the accompanying salsa was very bland. \n\nWhile I might come back here just for some pupusas. \n\nThe drink we had was pretty good. And yes it was a fluorescent yellow.
I want pancakes!! Yup that is what I said while attending a friends bubbly party. For some reason all that champagne had me craving pancakes. So after the party wrapped up my friend Matthew joined me while as I made my way over to IHOP.  We got seated immediately and our waitress was at our table within in minutes taking our order. I just had some plain ole pancakes with eggs, hash browns and bacon. None of those fancy pancakes, just plain ole buttermilk pancakes lol. My only disappointed was the bacon. Don't get me wrong, it was extra crispy like I had requested but they were the two smallest pieces of bacon I have ever seen. I had to eat them slowly so that I could bask in the yummy flavor that is extra crispy bacon. Oh and the pancakes, YUMMY! They were big and fluffy, just the way I like them.\n\n\nAll in all, not to shabby for a late Saturday night. Especially since all I wanted was pancakes. I was a tad bit colder in there than I would have liked, and it seems as I was not the only one who thought so because quite a few people had to put their jackets or coats back on to eat. Eh, as long as my food came out piping hot, which it did, then I am happy and for me that is a win in my book.
I stopped by on opening day to check out the whole tangy froyo thing. The lady behind the counter was really friendly and explained the whole concept to me and i tasted through some free samples before making my cup happen. The 'small' cup is ENORMOUS. it must be a solid pint, for real. My two favorites were the nutella soft ice cream (not fat free, and thus delicious) and the fat free coconut. I went for the coconut -pineapple swirl. I didn't like the pineapple at all. and while topping are fun, i'm really looking for the quality of the base product and have admit that this frozen yogurt was really icy and not creamy at all. \n\ni don't know. I'm glad I got it 50% off  but I probably wouldn't go back.
"""Jack in the Box, this one in particular, is busiest from 10pm-2am. It definitely a \better when your drunk\"""" kind of place, or at least I think it is from the number of drunk patrons I see eating there. \n\nThe food? Well, it's JitB, what do you expect? You got the 99 cent for 2 tacos deal, which is a must add for any meal. You also have breakfast served all day. This means you can get a Extreme Sausage Sandwhich, 2 Tacos, and a Chicken Fajita Pita in the same meal. That's some good eatin'. Please note that nothing about the Chicken Fajita Pita is remotely close to an actual fajita. \n\nThis location specializes in making your food NOT look like it does in the picture. The picture may show a big fluffy bun with a juicy burger, however your burger will probably look like someone stepped on it then ran it over with their car. It doesn't change the taste, tho. Still tastes exactly like you would expect something to taste from JitB. I mean, it's good food and a good value. By \""""good\"""" food, I of course mean greasy and unhealthy. That is the definition of good food though, right?"""""""
"""Finally visited this place after hearing about it from my sister and her husband. The two reasons I wanted to visit this place; cheap sushi and the conveyor belt that the sushi is delivered on.  Very cute and kitschy. This isn't a place to go if you want to impress a date but a great place for friends/family to hang out and get inexpensive sushi. \nLoved: what other sushi place serves cream puffs? Granted, it's the same cream puffs that you get in the freezer section of Costco but still - adorable. Your sweet, Teharu and I like you for that. \nI am easily entertained and came up with many fun things to do with that conveyor belt that may or may not get me kicked out of the restaurant - things like sending notes with the food to other patrons. Funny, yes. Entertaining for me? Absolutely.  \nI'll probably go back but it won't be a \MUST HAVE TEHARU\"""" craving sensation."""""""
"""Friendly service and cheap, cheap, cheap prices!  My husband and I had 5 pupusas between the two of us, horchata, and an ensalada drink for a grand total of $16, including tip.  While I thought the pupusas were fine, though much cheesier than the ones I'm used to (from La Santaneca in SF), my husband proclaimed, \They were bland!\""""  I guess we will be continuing our search for comparable pupusas, though if I go by his standards, there are no other places that compare to his favorite restaurant in the city."""""""
It has been many moons since I ate at this place which used to be Green Leaf Cafe. I had such great memories of it, and this visit certainly did not live up to those memories.\n\nThe first problem was that, only after standing at the hostess podium for nearly 5 minutes (in an awkward silence because there were no customers or staff) did any staff to appear to seat us. Second, it took forever just for the appetizer to be done correctly (sans dairy) to come out. The food that we ordered was good, don't get me wrong, but it was not extraordinary middle eastern food. Maybe we just ordered simple stuff, and again there was nothing wrong with it-it was all great. But, since this is a bit off the beaten path for me I probably wouldn't return without the intention of ordering an astronomically priced entree.\n\nSeriously, the prices here are steep.... every entree is $18-25. Appetizers about $7-12. Good food yes but, not sure if it justifies the cost. The ambiance is also very weird. It's extremely outdated with poor lighting and acoustics.
You get what you pay for: Lots of posers, muscle heads and average equipement. Not enough space for dumb bells and free weights.\n\nParking is a problem, especially at peak times. Come early, ohh never mind the staff is always late to open the doors. I can't understand why this club location opens at 5 in the morning during the week but 8am (8am!) on the weekends. I've actually had to wait for staff to show up at 8am on Saturday morning. And, then they arrive at 8:15!. Give me a break. Get some adults to run this location. This is a real pet peeve of mine. HEY, NOTE TO LA FITNESS.....THERE ARE A LOT OF SENIORS WHO LIVE IN THE 'HOOD. THEY ARE EARLY RISERS AND ARE ICHIN' TO GET IN AND GET OUT. KNOW YOUR MARKETS, MEATHEADS. \nI am amending my review and upgrading this location. I have to say that as far as cleanliness goes, they have two or three people cleaning at all times. It's probably not enough to keep the entire club clean but its a consistent effort. I wouldn't dare to put my rear end on one of the toilets. The equipement is just as bad: I always clean equipement before and after working out. \nThe pool is clean. Oh, hell yea its clean: I think there is a 50 gallon tub of chlorine dropped in it each day. Protect yourself and use goggles and a hood or else your hair will turn blue. Wash your swimwear immediately. If you swallow some of the pool water, obtain FLEET enema right away and get ready to flushhhhh.\nSo, bottom line is that this is a commodity based club. They just want to run as many people through as they can. I don't have any experience with the sales pitches of the trainers but I don't care anyway since I don't use those services. I know they have child care but again, I don't use those services. \nIt's packed most mornings and evenings and as soon as I find an alternative I'll leave.
First time trying sushi...not my favorite, but I did like this restaurant. Had the California Delight rolls, Rainbow Rolls and Lite Teriyaki Bowl, all of which were decent. But the soup was wonderful! The atmosphere was really cool too, totally serene. My friends all had a great time and they said their food was excellent. The layout of ordering was a bit confusing, because we came in on the cusp of the lunch express and the dinner. But we figured it out! However, the barely 19 year old woman at the register was NOT friendly, to me or anyone else. Eastwinds, you may want to hire away from the local supply of brainless girls fresh of out Horizon who obviously have no chance of surviving in the real world.
"""I've been going to Yucca since 1999 (the year I moved from Tucson to Phoenix) I loved this bar and it still holds a special place in my heart. My boyfriend at the time (later to be husband and ever later to be ex-husband) and I had one of our first ridiculous makeout sessions in this bar, induced by insanely strong long islands. The Yucca is where I became a professional lush.\n\nBack in the day it was pretty skank on the inside. Everyone smoking and drinking and coughing and smoking some more. Toothless dood's hitting on my then 23 year old ass. We knew a few of the bartenders pretty well and never felt unsafe. I look back on those times fondly. \n\nLast time I graced Yucca with my presence was about a month and a half ago. I met a friend (who happens to be 23.... odd ) for a drink after work. He lives in the area and it was a good excuse to venture into Tempe instead of holing up in my beloved CenPho like I always do.\n\nIt was a Wed. evening and they had some live band karaoke thing happening. I didn't recognize any of the bar staff or patrons for that matter... though I didn't really expect to. Is Venus still there??  The place was crawling with hipster/scene kids and it was kinda depressing. It looked like a fucking American Apparel catalog threw up all over the place.  I'm pretty sure it was the $2 cans of PBR that caused this phenom. Oh, shut your pie.... I know I drank them too. Ah well, made for some interesting people watching.\n\n My buddy's \friends\"""" showed up and they began to start  what I'm going to refer to from this point forward as \""""The Hipster Olympics\"""".... Like playing shuffleboard with their cell phones, you know, idiotic shit like that. \nI took off shortly there after, granted it was a school night. I don't blame The Yucca for this invasion, it just bummed me out because of the fond memories I have of the place. \n\nNo worries... I will return, I'll just make sure to tell my quite mature young friend to leave the very immature young following behind."""""""
My first experience here was 9 or 10 years ago and I tried to go back a year ago at lunch time - SOL they are not open for lunch. I was underwhelmed this time. They do have an amazing tequila selection, one of the best I've seen. The green enchiladas were good, but the menu is limited and all of the wait staff that I observed seemed to be bothered that they had to wait on customers. And $4.99 for chips and salsa at a mexican place-it's not right!
I liked this restaurant and enjoyed my dinner but didn't think it was anything special.  I ordered eggplant parm.  It was a bit pricey I thought- at $14 and you pay almost $5 more if you want a salad.  I thought the wine was well priced at $5.50 for a glass of house wine.  By the time I left every table was taken on a Saturday night.  The location is very easy to get to and the service was both attentive and friendly.
This is a pretty solid 3 stars here.  By far the best thing about this place is the price.  I think it was $5.99 for 3 tacos with a lot of meat, rice, beans and a drink.  I couldn't finish all the food and I rarely say that.  As for the quality of food, well, I think you get what you pay for.  The carne asada was kind of bland and not as tender as I like it.  I would say if you need something cheap and in a hurry, you could roll up on Rolibertos in a pinch.
"""Standard airport, nothing special. If possible, I recommend booking one of the first flights of the morning to get past security as easily and non-stressful as possible. The TSA thugs tend to get crankier by the hour as the day goes by. Particularly in the international terminal.\n\nThe food selection is the standard overpriced, bland fair for the most part. There are a few good bars, particularly the one with the \Western Theme\"""" in one of the domestic terminals that offers a free shot with your beer, which is something out of the ordinary.\n\nIt can get crowded during the afternoon, though. Not enough seating and a lot of people who do not understand not to stand in the middle of the corridor, blocking you from barely making your flight. But just shove past them, because these ninnies should know better.\n\nNot great, not terrible. Just another airport."""""""
I've seen many a movie at this Harkins.  It's nice because you can catch a quick lunch on Mill and then walk over to the theater to see a movie after.  Granted, it is right smack in the middle of college town, so if you don't want to be surrounded by those types of peeps, maybe this theater isn't your best option.\n\nBut I've never minded, when I was in college or out- I still think it's a cool spot to go when I'm in the area, and the parking garage right behind the theater isn't usually full, so you can find a spot pretty easy.\n\nDefinitely bring your college ID, you get a discount. I think I will always use that thing, even when I'm 90.
I hate to say this, but after my experience at Eddie V's last night, I think they've gone down hill...  There was a lot of miscommunication - here's why:\n\nUpon walking in, we were pleased to see that they still offer all night happy hour on Sundays and Mondays.  (Their happy hour = 1/2 off most appetizers and I believe drink specials too).  The hostess asked us for our name and we responded that we didn't have a  reservation; that we were just going to eat and drink in the bar area. She was not the friendliest, and just nodded.  Side note - no reservation was needed as the restaurant was not busy!\n\nSo, we sat in the bar area and when the waiter came to take our order (we were a group of 4), we placed several appetizer orders right off the bat and said that would be good to start and we'd add more to the order in a bit.  We also ordered drinks.  I specifically ordered my new favorite 'black cherry effen vodka with soda.'\n\nSo when the waiter came back with the news that they were out of black cherry effen and didn't carry it anymore, I was a little disappointed.  No big deal though, I went with the 3 Olives Cherry Vodka instead WITH SODA.  \n\nWaiter comes back with the drinks and mine  looks like cherry coke.  I taste it and sure enough. he's given me a cherry vodka with diet coke - no clue where that came from, but he took it back and brought me (finally) what I ordered.  In the meantime. he came over and asked if we were ready to order... When we asked if the first round would be out soon, he said he didn't put it in yet as he did not think we were serious when we put the first round in.  Ugh - not funny when you're with 2 very hungry men :)\n\nWe ended up ordering more and were all hungry for the first round of scallops, ahi tuna, mixed green/pear/goat cheese salad, corn and crab chowder. and crab cake.  In the meantime, we were given bread and butter, but alas, no silverware, app plates, or napkins... no big deal - we got those within a couple of minutes.  \n\nWe were so happy with the first round. (except for the soup which we all agreed tasted like water and potatoes so we sent it back) that we decided to order more... another scallops. another ahi tuna, a tuna tartare, broiled oysters with a spinach and artichoke fondue, and a steak.  This time, it took an extremely long time for our food to arrive and when it did, the scallops were presented totally different and the ahi was overcooked.  Also, the waiter thought we ordered raw oysters and not the broiled ones...\n\nAt that point, we were done - no need to attempt to correct the order.  The soup and ahi were removed from the bill (as they should've been - we did send them back).  \n\nI have to say, aside from the company, this meal was just mediocre.  I've had great meals at Eddie V's in the past, and hopefully this was just an 'off' evening, but I will not be running back anytime in the near future!\n\nSorry, Eddie V - only 3 stars this time...our meal was a comedy of errors and even with happy hour all night, not worth the $$!
I had heard about this place for quite some time and decided to check it out. The pizza was good, but not amazing. The way the restaurant was laid out was quite confusing and I kept having to ask the employees there how to order, where to get drinks, and where they would call my name. The confusion lies in the fact that they let the grocery image of the business run front. I think that is silly since I heard about that via there pizza that should be there flagship business IMO. Anyway, back to the food it was good, but not better then pizza bianco, but I agree it is a nice place to take a date if its casual.\n\nDue to the location and the fact that the pizza is just ok, i probably wont go there too often.
I didn't know the room service from the gainey suites hotel came from here but it was just decent.  I don't know if its fair to really judge this plae since I came here for a work dinner and the menu was already preset.  I had the pork chops which were a bit too dry for my liking but the mashed potatoes were fantastic.  They an out of baked potatoes so I can only imagined the mashed ones were from a box or some kind of random mixture....  the desserts were very hearty huge american desserts.
Two Hippies makes their own homemade salsa, which is pretty sweet considering how inexpensive their food is. I have ordered the carne asada, the fish, the red chile and the chicken. My favorite is the red chile. (Note: the tacos contain beans so if you don't like whole pinto beans in your taco, definitely ask them to leave it out.) The tacos were wrapped in a light, soft flour tortilla the day I came, and came served with fresh tomatoes, onions and cabbage. They also have a variety of baked goods (cookies and brownies) in the case. If you're not a taco fan, there are also burritos on the menu as well as quesadillas. The owner is great, knows me by name and I've only been there twice.  He also informed me that all of the ingredients are organic. Great place to grab lunch if you're in a hurry. Outside patio seating. The lemonade was ok the day I went, a little watered down (a bit too crystal light for my liking.) Otherwise, great. I mean, I can't eat more than two of their tacos but I recommend ordering a three pack, just to be safe. You'll probably want a snack later in the day and you won't regret having one of those bad boys handy.
"""12/2/10\n\n2.5 stars.\n\nTook my young cousin w/ me for happy hour and sat at the bar; This was her first time at O&I.  While I really like the look and the feel of the island layout of O&I's bar, I always feel like a fish out of water when I sit there.  (I've actually tried sitting there a few times when I've walked in solo, but always ended up moving to a table.  If it weren't for my cousin at my side, I probably would've moved to a table again, or, worse yet, walked out of the resto, which I've done before, too.)  Despite a few attempts at getting her to try a cocktail, she declined, and thus I proceeded to just order a glass of wine.  Why it's so hard to get a sampling of a couple of wines before settling on one to order here, I'll never know.  (Just a few nights ago, while at Beckett's Table, my server offered to have me try sips of the two wines I was having trouble choosing!)  Tsk, tsk, tsk!\n\nWe decided to try the Italian Sausage flatbread and the hummus app.  The flatbread, w/ its tasty and spicy Italian sausage chunks, consisted of a crispy crust w/ vibrant red piquillo peppers and creamy goat cheese-- I'd order this again, even though peppers and I don't exactly get along.  The hummus was equally delightful, w/ house-made pita bread and a \petite Greek salad,\"""" which actually consisted of only sliced red grape tomatoes and chopped cucumbers (a no-no for me!) and a ton of feta on top.  Why the salad was piled ON TOP of the hummus, and not on the side, I don't know.  I suppose for the price of the app, I shouldn't expect more veggies used (a bit of lettuce, perhaps?), but it would've been nice to be able to pick the cukes out.  Served as it was, on top of the hummus, which looked like it was baked for a few minutes before getting the salad treatment, spooning the cukes off would've entailed major loss of delicious baked hummus goodness.  And we wouldn't have any of that!\n\nI really wished we could've stayed past 6p to check out the celebrity guest bartender, but we had other appointments to keep.  My cousin really enjoyed the food and the atmosphere here, and I'd have given this review another 4 stars if it weren't for the fact that our bartender gave us such an attitude when I asked to sample the two wines first before ordering.  \n\nFYI, the happy hour menu changed, drastically reduced to only maybe 8 items or less, down from practically all of the apps and half of the flatbreads and a couple of salads that the old HH menu contained.  Recalling this, plus the wine and salad/hummus incidents, I may just have to say goodbye to O&I for a long, long time..."""""""
My husband and I had a late-night itch for some Mexican food, so with the restaurant being so close to the freeway we decided to dine in.  Nice ambience.  Our main entrees were delicious (both got the corn tamal), however we were a little dissapointed that we had to ask the waitress for chips/salsa and for utensils after our entrees were given to us. Overall, the food was delicious - hopefully next time around our waitress and/or host will be a little more prepared.
I would have given Sal's four stars but the service was extremely slow when we went in at 12:30pm on a Monday. There were only six other people in the place yet it took them 30 min. to make our two sandwiches. We waited by the order counter five before we were acknowledged.\n\nBoth my husband and I had hot sandwiches. He said his chicken parmesan sandwich was very good and I enjoyed my Philly cheesesteak. Their bread for the sandwiches tasted freshly baked. The meat in my sandwich was not tough as sometimes has been the case with other Philly cheesesteak sandwiches.\n\nI suggest that if you are in a hurry that you call your order ahead of your arrival time.\nEither that or order an alcoholic beverage to sip while you wait. It may help you lose track of time.
located just off mill, in a mostly outside patio style bar, this place is pretty big and draws a decent-sized crowd on weekends - there may be a line if you go around 10 or 11, but i've found it goes pretty quick.\n\ninside it's top 40s and a large dance area. or if you want to be around the action, but not bumping and grinding there are lots of tables on both the front and back patios. during prime times the bar can be a hassle, even though they have three.\n\nprices are decent, and they have food that is traditional bar faire. they have pretty good drink specials during the week. i think i went in randomly on a tuesday night to get a meal with the roomie. we found out it was $3 shots and $2 drafts of whatever you want - literally- and we ended up way too drunk on jaeger bombs and bass for a tuesday night.\n\nbe warned - the front patio is slants severely, so sitting out there (especially after a few drinks) makes me dizzy.
Just kind of there with nothing special about this convention center. And the Phoenix downtown area is pretty boring and sparse except for the baseball stadium right next to it with some cool bars and restaurants. When there isn't a game, this area seems pretty dead.\n\nBottom line: Ho hum. Baseball stadium nearby is great entertainment option but can be a pain with all the traffic if you are trying to get out of the convention center area in the evening.
With the exception of a couple of stores like (Arizona's only French Connection and 42 Saint) and a handful of good restaurants there really isn't anything here that's distinctive enough for me make the trek up to Kierland Commons more regularly.  \n\nThe mixed-use retail/office/residential development is a novel effort here in Phoenix - so bonus points on that.  It's essentially a faux-urban main street-like shopping mall with no department stores. \n\nNerd alert -- urban planning observation.  The fact that Kierland faces inward forces the center turns its back on Scottsdale Rd just like a conventional mall - defeating its own effort to be urban.  \n\nAnyhow.  It's pretty much a mix of chain stores (like Z Gallerie, J Crew, Barnes and Noble, and PF Changs) that you can find elsewhere in Scottsdale.  Yawn.
When I worked at the mall, which seems like ages ago, we would always come to Z'Tejas for their amazing margaritas and chile con queso.  This time my bf and I went there for some lunch while running errands at the mall.  The food was just A-Ok...nothing amazing!  We both had appetizers and then shared a dessert.  The dessert was served extra hot which caused us to both burn our tounges....OUCH! \n\nNow for the weird part...our server was creepy!  I dont know if he was just socially awkward or just really trying hard to be friendly.  We never received the cornbread we were told was coming 3 times.  And he just tried to start up weird conversation that really didnt make any sense.  It left me feeling in a hurry to get out of there.\n\nAll in all it was ok, it wont be the first place I think of to eat unless I want someplace away from the noise of the mall.
"""I had no real expectations for Modern Steak - with the exception of some hefty prices for carcass.  We started at the bar with vodka martinis complete with blue cheese stuffed olives.  The blue cheese stuffed olives were a big hit.  I suspect they were using Roaring 40's cheese (that's the good stuff from Australia if you haven't had it yet), and the olives were firm and briny.  I would definitely return to the Modern Steak bar for a martini alone.  It was a rainy, crappy day, but in different circumstances, the outside patio would have been inviting.  The indoor patio was reminiscent of the inside 'al fresco' dining so common in Vegas malls and hotels.\n\nWe wandered down around 6:45 for our reservation, and already the bar and restaurant were starting to fill up.  We took our time checking out the menu and decided to start with the ahi tuna tartare appetizer.  The tuna was fresh and the presentation was nice, but there was nothing amazing about the taste.  I didn't detect toasted garlic or taste yuzu in the 'yuzu caramel'. \n\nWhile we were waiting for dinner, we were served baked potato bread and parmesan rolls.  The baked potato rolls were sort of odd and delicious at the same time - cheese, bacon, and definitely potato.  For dinner, two of us had the 8 oz filets ($35) and one the 8 oz center cut sirloin with herbed butter and french fries ($23).  We shared the creamed spinach and the cauliflower gratin for sides.  The filets were well-cooked and tasty, but again, not amazing. I couldn't help but think $35 worth of CostCo prime filets would have fed my whole family.  The sirloin was again, perfectly cooked and very nice.  There was no herbed butter served with it, but we probably didn't need the extra calories.  The french fries were again, perfectly cooked, but nothing special.  They had great texture, but no one felt the need to finish them.  The cauliflower gratin with aged cheddar was very rich and as expected. The creamed spinach tasted like it had more cheese than cream in it, and was too similar to the cauliflower for my taste.  I would have only ordered one of the two had I known and tried something a bit different.  For dessert, we had the chocolate 'cake' which is very much like the Roy's signature chocolate souffle with the liquid center and scoop of vanilla bean ice cream.  The cake was gooey, delicious and hot, and was swiped without question after we slowed down even though there was still nearly half of it left.  \n\nThe service (until the cake swiping) was right on.  Not too intrusive, yet we were never looking at an empty dish or water glass.  We did have no less than 5 servers try to take the remaining baked potato rolls, which my friend was still enjoying, but they were always polite and left them, which was why we were a little stunned when the dessert disappeared.  Of course at that time, there were four people waiting to be seated, but we never saw every table occupied at once while we were there.\n\nI do have to comment on the strangest part of the evening which was using gift cards to pay for first our drinks then our meal.  All three of us had gift cards from Christmas.  First we gave the bartender $35.00 or so in gift cards for a $30.00 bar tab.  He returned with a check jacket that had a receipt with a total of $6.6x (six and sixty something cents) and an empty tip line.  We assumed he did not use the second card, and we still owed the $6.60 plus tip.  Just to be sure, we asked a second bartender if he could check the balance on the second card.  It had been used, and he informed us that our balance was $0.  When we looked at him quizzically, he said, \Oh, we just need a signature on the receipt, like a credit card.\"""" Odd, but whatever. . . we left him a cash tip and went to be seated.  At the end of dinner, our tab was $184.59.  We gave him $225 in gift cards in return.  He returned the check jacket to us showing a $34 remaining balance,  and told us $40.41 remained on the card.  When we asked if we still had a $34 balance, no one was able to answer the question.  After taking the check back, the waiter confirmed we had a $0. balance once again, and we were left trying to figure out where the $34 had come from. All three of us commented to each other that if this hadn't happened at the bar, we would have thrown down a credit card and paid the balance + a 20% tip.  Seems a bit shady to me. . ."""""""
There's something really magical about a genuine Jewish deli. It's huge and filled with great halvah candies and black/white cookies--what's not to love? Their menu, and consequently their portions, is humongous. When I entered the deli, I glowed like a child in a candy store. Substitute candy for grease, of course.\n\nSo why the 3 stars? Just like a kid who overdoses on sugar, I certainly got a week's worth of grease in just one bite of my meal. I ordered a Montecristo sandwich (my fav) and they somehow turned it into a cube of oil. My hands were glowing with grease and I could feel my body cursing me for subjecting it to that sandwich.\n\nAs happy and excited as I was to enter the restaurant, I felt equally shitty when I was done with the meal.\n\nDistinguishing factor: Menu and portions that will certainly rival your appetite. You won't leave hungry.
"""After adopting my first dog about a month ago, I thought it was about time I took her for her very first dog park visit because she loves other dogs and well hey, I just wanted to pass out some business cards and whore out my dog grooming services. This park is the closet to my humble abode so little Kinsey and I took a ride down there after the sun went down and it was cool enough to step outside.\n\nThe park is in a really shady area of town, and at night it's even worse. We got there around 8:30 and the only lighting the park had was coming from the surrounding sports complex's big lights. The park should have it's own lights if it's going to be open til 10, and especially during summertime in AZ when it's really too hot to do the dog park in daylight. \n\nThe park has two areas, one small area for small dogs that's fenced in and a larger area for the bigger dogs. Kinsey and I went into the small dog area and immediately upon entry a rather obnoxious shih tzu mounted my poor Kinsey and tried to molest her a few times before the owner of the dog sluggishly walked up and grabbed his dog, proclaiming that it \really likes poodles\"""". We hung out for a bit and were joined by another couple with a Boston Terrier which my dog chased everywhere. There is plenty of room for the little dogs to romp around in here and a spicket and a bowl of water in the middle for the dogs.  There is not much shade either if you're going to go out during daytime.  There are however, lots of places for you to sit down at, picnic tables and chairs and such. \n\nI think Kinsey and I will be back because of the friendliness of the people there, and the fact that it's the closet dog park to us.  It's really not much but it's good enough for us."""""""
i went here with my girlfriends about a month ago on a friday night. the place was practically dead. the interior was really cool and the decor was fun, but it was really quiet for a friday night. granted we got there around 8pm, but still! we were there for at least and hour and we didn't see very many people coming or going. \n\nwe sat down at the lounge/bar area and each ordered a drink and a couple appetizers. a friend and i had a pomegranate martini, another friend ordered the gun club punch, and another had a stella. the gun club punch was really yummy. i have to say the drinks did not lack alcohol, so that was nice. the appetizers were good too. we had prawns and the beef cho cho (which are like beef shiska-bobs). \n\nwe had just finished our appetizers and the waitress already wisked away the plates and asked if we wanted our check. we weren't even done with our drinks! i guess she didn't want us to stay even though the place was still empty. we decided that we weren't wanted so we paid for the bill and left. i don't know if i'll be back. i've heard mixed reviews and many people really like the food so maybe some day i'll be back for dinner, but i don't see it happening any time soon.
We've been going to the place since it first opened. I mean this literally, we waited when we saw the sign for it to open, before the place ever opened. The food is the best you're going to find in all of Queen Creek or San Tan Valley. The sandwichs are incredible. Their specials are always delicious though a bit overpriced. This is a family owned and operated place who take pride in developing the flavors as you will taste with their food. \n\nSo WHY the 3 stars instead of 5? Simply, the servers. Other then one male server who goes out of his way to please you, the rest are bringing this place down. I use to go once a week, then down to once a month, but after my last experience with the same waitress who has her mind on finishing school rather then serving the customers, I stopped going all together. I have complained about this waitress the last 3 times I got stuck with her as the waitress. The last time, all the owner did was comp the meal instead of dealing with the problem. I know alot of people in town who feel the same about this waitress. The owner even told me all the servers split their tips, so even if you don't tip her, she makes money off of the other servers tips. RIDICULOUS!!!\n\nIf the owners are not going to take pride in their service as they do their food, they won't see me or my family back again. Sorry guys!
By far the slowest Starbucks I have been to. I have been here many times and i am always amazed at how long it takes to get in and out.  I live right up the street so hard to avoid but I definitely make a point to go to other locations if I am driving by one.  Just now, there was one person in front of me ordering a breakfast sandwich. From the time I walked in the door, it took 11 minutes to get an iced coffee in my hand.  \n\nI like Starbucks because I know what I am getting, but really dont enjoy going to this one in particular.
Yesterday, my boss and I had lunch here. PF Chang's quality is usually the same from one location to another, no surprises. We both had Chang's Spicy Chicken and Hot and Sour soup. The chicken was fine but the soup was terrible. It was cold and didn't have any flavor, a huge disappointment. \n\nThe server was an extremely nice guy. Because of his service, I am giving this establishment, three stars. Not too impressed with this location. The Las Vegas location is much, much better.
I found myself here for lunch after finding out the place I started to go in the neighborhood was closed.\n\nWhen you pick your table you are handed a well worn multi-page menu and a print out of the dinner specials.  The print out seemed sort of odd for lunch so I dug into the menu and found a full page of lunch specials.  I chose the orange chicken.  I ordered it medium spice and it was not very spicy but it was really sweet and not crunchy like I am used too.  I liked the soup, egg roll and crab puff it came with.  I also liked the price, with a glass of iced tea and tax it was under $8 and I was stuffed.\n\nI thought the table clothes were a nice touch.  Not all of the staff (family?) spoke English well. The service was very good.  While I was there I had the dining room to myself.  One person came in and ordered take out and they accepted a couple of phone orders as well.\n\nOverall it is a decent neighborhood Chinese restaurant.  I would go back again but choose a different entree.
"""In the Zocallo shopping plaza. Well, in the tradition of In & Out, here we have another burger joint with pretty decent hamburgers, but with a very limited menu. Besides the fries, they have hot dogs and 3 sandwiches; veggie, cheese and veggie, and grilled cheese. So, if you want cole slaw, jalapeno poppers, onion rings, a salad, etc., with your burger, better look elsewhere. I tried the double bacon burger, $6.79, wasn't that big, decent tasting enough though. Cajun fries were just OK, nothing special. One plus is that you really can have it \your way...\"""" Add any toppings for no additional charge- mayo, lettuce, mustard, ketchup, jalapenos, grilled onions, grilled mushrooms, and more. Overall, place is OK, but the limited menu was a bummer for me."""""""
Its ok for what it is......dive bar and cheap drinks. There is nothing in there to distract you (think multiple TV's or even good music). My main observation here is that there are no dark corners in this place. No place where you can kinda disappear into the background and watch the pool table or jell into a booth while having an adult beverage (or two or three). \nThe ambiance is to well lit and there is not enough room to stay out of focus from the rest of the bar. I guess what I'm saying is that there is not a 'comfort factor' here. Dive bars need to have dark corner booths and at least a decent sound system for me to rate higher.
If you want to stay right at the airport and you're a slave to the Marriott Rewards program, this is where you stay. I paid $180 a night which I thought was high for what you get. A penny more would have felt like a travesty. The room was comfortable. The bed was great. The flat-panel TV appreciated. \n\nDidn't understand why there was not even a chair on the balcony. Even looking at the freeway, it would have been nice to be able to sit out there. \n\nI like the lobby bar. Friendly employees and chatty guests. \n\nI usually stay at the Residence Inn in Scottsdale which is cheaper and closer to great entertainment and will probably go back to doing that but if you need to be by the airport, this isn't a bad choice.
When I was here, I got heat stroke. There was a party in the back room, and everyone was crowding the bathrooms and I was sick. It sucked. \n\nWhile out in the restaurant, I had ordered a carne asada quesadilla. It sat and waited for me, as did the rest of the group. We came here to watch the last Lakers vs. Suns game. And yes, I did get to see the Suns lose in their home town. That was cool. (Los Suns jerseys or not, they aren't doing much to help end the hate there). \n\nThe quesadilla tasted like a cheeseburger when I finally did get around to eating and stomaching it. I wasn't a fan of that. \n\n....@#$! AZ and their racist laws.
It is a perfectly lovely spot for a break from art musing. The food is tasty but clearly pre-made and that is a little off setting. Overall it is a unique combination of high style cafeteria with a wine bar. You don't think leek and spinach tart prepared by a cafeteria. On the other hand,  you do recognize your tart was run thru a broiler as a pre-made frozen variety before it arrives at your table. I would go so far as to say because it is Arcadia Farms you expect super fresh food and instead you get super fresh pre-prepared food. This is the 3 star quagmire...did I like it, yes, would I go again, only if  I was really hungry and didn't know that there were a ton of eclectic restaurants whipping up great food blocks from here...but if I was really jonesing for a drink while art browsing - nothing would stop me from plunking down for a glass!
This is not the place to go for a coffee shop amosphere.  I ALMOST got over the fact that there is a big weird interactive fountain outside when two things happened:  1) My back got really sore because the seating is not comfortable for entering data and 2) the tea-rista started to talk REALLY LOUDLY IN A REALLY ANNOYING TONE OF VOICE.  The tea was a-ok and I was combining a work trip with a trip to Target for Luna Bars (the breakfast and candy bar of champions) and envelopes.  The desserts do look pretty attractive.  Free refill on your iced tea...so there's that.
"""I have eaten here with colleagues about a half dozen times spread throughout the past year.  Have had a couple of different subs, the hot wings and pizza.   All were pretty good.  The \Best of Everything\"""" sub I have had 3 times and it has always been good.  Worth trying for sure.  The Pizza was nothing to rave about, but good.  The wings were tasty and cooked nicely.  \n\nAgain, nothing to get excited about but it's perfectly passable food.  \n\nThe staff have always been friendly.  I have been there when they have been busy, and when they have been slow and the service has always been reasonable.  No complaints about this place, but nothing really outstanding either.  \n\nI wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it's not far from the office, so the occasional lunch is easy. If you're in the area, and looking for a good sub or wings, Streets is a good choice."""""""
Took my nephew here the other night for some fun.  It was ok at best.  The place is very outdated and the arcade was kinda dirty.  This place needs to do some improvements.  Could be fun but, everywhere you look there is problems.  The putt putt range had rips and tears everywhere in the greens.  Who owns this place?  Time for an update.  The go carts were fun though.  We also hit the batting cages.  The helmets were probably 10 years old but hitting the balls was a good time.  If they make some improvements we will definetely be going back.
This is not one of the better organized airports that I've been in. First off, the rental car place is way far away from the airport. Give yourself about an extra hour to do the car thing. At the airport itself, I didn't have any problems, but it looked like the place could easily be overwhelmed. There was only 1 metal detector for our 14 gates and no expansion possible. If they started getting behind, it looked like it would be nearly impossible for them to catch up. Also, the food here sucks.
Now that I'm a mom,  I have one tiny bone to pick with this spot. There is no changing table in the bathroom. Not cool people! Mom's go to sushi with babies. Please have a changing table in your restroom. I had to dash out, before my food came, and walk to the public restroom across the street. So inconvenient.\n\nThe food was good. I'm new to sushi, so I don't have much to compare it to.\nThe crunch rolls and California rolls were tasty. The presentation leaves much to the imagination. A styrofoam plate isn't exactly what I'd like to eat off of, never mind how it will rot in a landfill until the apocolypse.\n\nIt did take a long time to get our food-but this only made me think they took extra care to make it right, so it's not a complaint, just an observation. If you're in a rush, this might not be the right place to eat.
Been hearing quite a buzz about this place recently and finally got the chance to try it on my own. Concept is pretty much like all the other Joe's restaurants, you order at the counter and go find a seat. \n\nWe got a tower burger and a sausage pizza to share. Burger was great. Juicy, meaty, and well seasoned. I also loved the pineapple relish that came on the side as part of the trio dip. Other two dip was ketchup and chipotle mayo/thousand island? or something that I didn't care too much for. We subbed the side of kettle chips for swt potato salad ($1 extra) which was pretty good. Kinda, sorta like candied yams but not as sweet. Pizza was eh. Could've used a bit more oven time to get some charred wood fire taste. I didn't really like the ricotta on the pizza either. Don't think I'll be trying pizza here again. \n\nI can't decide if I really liked the place or not. The burger was good but they also have good burgers at Joe's Farm Grill. I think I'd drive a bit further to Farm Grill because I also like the pizza better there.
I have a love/hate relationship with the Merc Bar.  I love the ambiance, I love the scotch menu, if I were single-I would love the ladies.. or I would love it as a date bar.  On the inverse side, Merc is a tad snooty.  Once, I was denied enterance purely because I was wearing a hat.  Now, this wasn't some meat-head sporty cap, nor was it a gangsta rag; no, it was simply one of those little military style caps with the short bill that you see all the hipsters wearing these days.  Comeon folks, you're in a freakin mall, LET ME WEAR MY CAP, I'M BALDING FOR GODS SAKE!!  ONLY 3 STARS FOR YOU!!!
I came here for the AP Tour.  Besides the fact that I was the oldest person there (besides the parents of all the high schoolers who went), I had a good time. I bought my ticket beforehand which was a good choice because they charged an extra $3-5 at the door. There is a parking garage across the street that opens for Marquee parking only and it's only $5. No complaining there. The light rail also comes right by here if you take public transportation. As for the venue itself, it looks similar to a warehouse. There is no floor, it's concrete, and it's slanted. They have a nice little outdoor area with tables and a bar on the inside (which obviously wasn't busy seeing that the average age of the attendees was about 16). As for the acoustics, I've definitely had better, although the sound of screaming girls echoed off the walls pretty well. I'm not really that picky when it comes to concert venues so it did the job, but like I said I've experienced a lot better.
For $50 a night, you get a nice queen size bed, a TV with basic cable, a complementary shuttle (that leaves from Econolodge once an hour and comes to get you from the airport at any time), sometimes working Wi-Fi, and a free breakfast (which I did not sample).  \n\nThere's nothing great about the Econolodge but there's nothing bad about it either except for a musty smell and the feeling that you're in a motel.  It's maybe 5 or 10 minutes from the airport and the shuttle drivers are pretty friendly.  (Red/yellow Fasttrack bus going to Washington.)  You get cheap shampoo/soap/conditioner and you get cheap towels to dry yourself off.  You can choose between smoking and non-smoking rooms and you get a keycard.  Also, if you get scared at night, there's a safety latch that can prevent the door from opening more than an inch.
I will start off by saying that this review is influenced by two completely different experiences, which is represented by my middle of the road rating. (First visit: 4 star, Recent visit: 1 star)\n\nTo keep this relatively short I will just bullet point the things these two visits have taught me. \n\n1. El Hefe is NOT a place to take a group. All the food ordered by a single table comes out together on the same blocks (yes I mean wooden blocks), with no sense of order. Now granted going with a group of 15 people (which I did), tends to lead to some confusion at any restaurant, but this was inexcusable. If you ordered the same thing as someone on the opposite side of the table from you it would come on the same platter and it was up to the customer to yell across the table, find what they had ordered, and have it passed over to them. This becomes particularly difficult with unfamiliar specialty tacos. Everything looks similar so only order something with a noticeable ingredient to guarantee correct delivery. \n\n2. Having said that, this place does well with small groups, during the lunch time hours. Sit in one of the booths with the self serve beer taps at the table. It's definitely a unique and cool feature. \n\n3. Check your bill! Every person in our group was overcharged for a particular drink that we specifically asked about the price. The same thing occurred with an up charge on a food menu item add on. \n\n4. The d\u00e9cor is cool and unique, but be prepared for an Ed Hardy-esque explosion. Just embrace it. \n\n5. The food is pretty delicious, but I am not a connoisseur.  Be prepared for small taco portions and tapas style entrees. \n\nOverall this is a place for a quick happy hour drink and delicious $3 taco or a nice light lunch.  It's growing pains are providing a temporary excuse for some of it's short comings so be patient but provide feedback. It's needed. \n\nP.S Don't forget to try the Bulldog Margarita (Margarita with a Corona in it)
Cheated on Pat's and ate at this joint. A little yuppy but okay.\n\nWe started with the bruschetta appetizer which was good but I didn't really care for the vinaigrette they put on it. I don't know when vinaigrette became all the rage but apparently it is. Not bad but a little overpowering in my opinion.\n\nNow onto the pizza. I left my wife in charge of ordering and she got the potato rosemary without potatos and modified in other ways as well. The pizza was thin, interesting and generally good though it took them 3 tries to bring it out the way it was ordered. I don't fully fault them for that as my wife modified instead of just starting from scratch but it really shouldn't have taken them 3 tries. I wanna say they offerred desert for the confusion but we passed. Once it came though, it was pretty good.\n\nThe highlight, in my opinion, was the macaroni and cheese the kids got. I was skeptical when I saw it but it was damn good. They also had some sort of garlic-ish bread that came with it. It was yuppy food for little kids. Awesome.\n\nThe thing I don't like about places like this is how they kind of skirt the line between self serve and not being self serve. If I have to go to the counter and pay the cashier and get my own drinks then why have someone come and remove plates and bring my pizza? I always feel like I should maybe be tipping the pizza bringer/plate remover but why. I wish places like this would just make a commitment to being one or the other.\n\nOh yeah, SaraBear B. you're dead wrong about there being no great pizza in Arizona. I'm not putting Sauce on the list of great pizza joints as it kind of exists in it's own little niche of the pizza world but to declare there is no great pizza here is just dumb.
"""I went here once.  I couldn't resist.  Who could resist?  My friends would ask what I was up to all evening and I could say, \Oh, I spent the evening hanging out in Monkey Pants.\"""" \n\nI've never been there for shirtless shots, but I appreciate any place that's willing to serve breakfast and beer at the same time.  In some ways, the decor says, \""""Like me! I'm trying too hard.\"""" but it grew on me.  Or maybe that's the liquor talking.  Our cocktailer was nice.  She flashed a genuine smile.  Not a dead shark eyes, Stepford wife smile.  I tip extra for real smiles.\n\nI looked up to the TV screen expecting to see a bunch of grown men dressed up in costumes running around like super heros while fat old guys dressed like zebras keep score on who looks less ridiculous. Which is what usually appears on such screens.  It took me a few moments to remember how to focus my eyes and realize I was actually staring at an image of Leonard Nimoy from the sixties wearing a blue v-neck and  pointy ears.  Spock?\n\nMy god.  I think I just creamed my monkey pants.  I will definitely go there again."""""""
It was lunchtime, and It's a Wrap was closed. So after a quick scan through yelp on my iPhone, I decided to check out Switch. It's located on Central, right next to Durant's, but I had never seen it before. We asked to be seated outside and were pleasantly surprised by the adorably chic patio. It was slightly reminiscent of some of my favorite LA lunch spots. \n\nI ordered the farm basket veggie sandwich and was happy to see that it came with a side salad instead of fries (I never have the self discipline to ask for salad instead of fries if they're the standard side). The veggies were plentiful and fresh, and the salad, while a little bland (cesar dressing on romaine with parmesan shavings), it was still pretty good. \n\nI'll definitely be back and can't wait to try their mac n' cheese!
"""Cool atmosphere and good service.\nThe food is good but seems they are still working on their recipes. The complimentary bread was cold (a small but important detail) and the \salsa verde\"""" was mediocre. I had the Orange and Fennel Prawns and there was too much orange and barely any fennel. My boyfriend had the Lobster Mac n' Cheese. Said the lobster didn't taste fresh and the sauce was too rich.\nErnie, the manager came over and introduced himself. He explained the remodel from the previous concept. \nWe'll definitely come back to support a local place at CityScape. I just hope to see some improvements in the food."""""""
After hearing rants and raves from the people at work I deiced to finally give this place shot. \n\nOkay, right off the bat, ding, 1 star! Who the hell pays for chips and salsa?!  For some thats a reason to boycott a place! Maybe its the homeless problem or the neighborhood around there, its still pretty lame!\n\nOrder a cheese crisp.. I have to say, one of the best Ive had.. super crunch, held the paid for salsa very well.. not to oily.. I could have had just this for lunch! For my entree I ordered a green corn tamale and a green chile burro with rice and beans. The green corn tamale was awesome! Super moist, cheesy and very flavorful. The rice and beans were decent enough.. the green chile burro was good but not great.. it had a strong black pepper flavor which I'm not a fan of but the meat was nice and tender. The tortilla was wonderful though.. soft and chewy and slightly charred. I think they actually make those there as I saw some other guests leaving with ziploc bags of them. \n\nThe chunky salsa was very fresh as all the food prepared for us seemed to be. However the red sauce in the bottle tasted fermented and much like beer. When we asked if she put beer in it she said no and said that it might be going bad. She tasted it at the table (which I loved) on her finger, shrugged and walked off.. must have been alright. Still didn't taste quite right to me. \n\nEl Bravo is decent Mexican food, close to work, cheap and comfortable. Though with so many other places in the neighborhood, Via Delosantos and Los Reyes de la Torta I don't see the need to go here to often except when I'm in the mood for a good tamale!
I stopped in here at 6:45am one morning and was told I was a bit early.  I'm used to coffee shops opening earlier I guess, but they were nice about it and invited me in to sit and wait. \n\nI liked their stacks of Latin American Vogue, and the artwork on the walls was nice.  They also had ice water out for you to serve yourself. \n\nI ordered my usual americano, and was pleased.  They have raw sugar you can serve yourself by the heaping spoonful out of a pretty candy dish.  That was lovely.\n\nAlso, they are now the only place to carry Sweet Peas Bakery items.  My favorite thing to do was walk down to Danielle's shop downtown and pick up some coffee at Royal and some of her Rosemary Shortbread cookies.  It doesn't sound yummy, but believe me they are!  Be sure to ask for some. \n\nAt the time I went, the place was obviously not crowded and I received attentive service...
"""I usually like AMC, I do.  But it seems that everytime we go here, there is a problem.\n\nFor example, the other night, we wanted to see Date Night. Both MoviePhone.com and Fandango.com had shows at 8:45 and 9:40.  When we showed up, having missed the 8:45, we wanted to go to the 9:40 show. No one was up front selling tickets, so we had to buy it through the machine. It said it was currently 8:51, and that the only show that night was 8:45.  So we figured with previews we'd be fine, bought the tickets...which then came out of the machine completely smeared and unreadable.\n\nUpon entering the theatre, we realize it was way into the movie, so we check out cell phones. It was actually 9:25 -- the machine's clock was off.  We went back to guest services to get a refund, and were told there was no 9:45.  Then I saw his sheet of paper, and pointed out to him that it SAID 9:45 was the next showing.  After a moment of \oh, well, I just didn't see that...and the machine is broken\"""" we asked if we could just go see the 9:45, and were let in.\n\nFor the outrageous prices for both tickets and food (and the machine sure doesn't help OR give any student discounts), I'm really underwhelmed.  We'll probably look at another theatre."""""""
I stayed here last week for 3 days/ 3 nights with a friend of mine on a golf trip.  As platinum premier, a level above platinum, I was expecting a super duper upgrade.  Upon checking in, I asked about the upgrade and was told that I had received one.  I got to the room, it was nice enough, nothing special.  Room was near the pool, near the fitness center, and also close to the main lodge.  But after strolling around the property, I noticed bigger, better rooms available.  What a let down.  After 3 years of loyalty to Marriott, that's the best that the Camelback Inn can do for the highest level of status -- a standard room.  The hotel was far from capacity.\n\nBesides that disappointment, it was a decent hotel.  Nice pool(s). Good grounds keeping.  The standard room was well furnished, but very dark even during the day.\n\nWe asked the concierge for a recommendation for a medium to upscale italian restaurant and Bucco Di Beppo was provided.  HAHA!  Might as well said Olive Garden.  We found NoRTH (Fox restaurant) in nearby Scottsdale on our own instead.   HAHA - Bucco Di Beppo...\n\nSlow service at the lounge area of the bar on both nights that we had drinks there. Very weak because it wasn't crowded.  After 15 minutes of waiting, ended up going to the bar to get the drinks.  \n\nWhen I go on vacation, I expect to be treated like a king based on the 100+ nights a year that I spend at Marriott hotels. I'm taking the Starwood Platinum challenge and jumping ship..
I've only been inside once for a jar of Nutella.  I know, kinda strange that I would stop at Yusef's for a jar of Nutella but I live right by the place and every deli has Nutella (and Yusef's did too, see-- I told you).\n\nAnyhow, I like this place for one really odd reason-- my Dad buys cherry juice at Yusef's by the case-- he says it helps his kidney stones.  My dad likes the owner and I think they are nice to him, so I am happy about that.\n\nI would like to try some of the fresh food they make, I'll need to make sure I take mental note to do so.
I would rate them 4 stars except the portions are small and the drinks are over priced. The beef rib entree was one (yes) one beef rib and dry for $24 and no sides. I am a big fan of tapas, but tapas are $8 not $12. No happy hour is a deterent as there is no house wine and the wines by the glass start at $9 for anything drinkable.\nGreat pork belly and 7 spice soup, but I have to say no to a $12 Arepa\n(Argentine cornmeal sandwich) it's a sandwich.\nSexy Atmosphere Yes! But there are too many closed restaurants in Scottsdale to rely on atmosphere and high prices.
"""This place is far from where I live, but so worth the trip! Had some wonderful friends take me here. I love conveyor belt sushi, and I've missed it - prepare yourself because I am about to brag - ever since I last went to Japan. The sushi quality and variety wasn't bad either...although, I was a little sad that more of the different rolls started coming out about 40 minutes after we were there and I had already stuffed my face to the point where I couldn't eat anymore. I was surprised to see they had gyoza and even cheesecake! Both were good, btw. \n\nNOW - my only complaint about this place was the two waitresses we had that day.  We strolled in just after 1pm and immediately upon entering were abruptly told to sit down at the waiting bench. Okay. The first waitress comes back and tells us that our table is ready. After surveying the sushi bar, we politely asked if we could wait for seats at the bar. Her response was a heavy sigh as if we asked to be seated on the actual conveyor belt, then she walked away.\n\nSooooooo...does that mean we can or can't? I didn't know, as she walked away from us without an actual answer besides her obvious body language. Come on...I could understand if it was really busy and there were people behind us - but there was neither. So after waitress number one doesn't come back, waitress number two tries to seat us at that same table and we politely asked her the same question - \May we be seated at the bar please? We're fine with waiting.\"""" Guess what?!?! SAME REACTION! Walked away and everything... Again, soooooooo does that mean we can or can't?\n\nAfter a few minutes of waiting I finally got my answer (not verbally), but we were seated at the bar. The food made up for the blatant rudeness, but it is the customer service that is the reason I'm taking a star off. My friends go here fairly regularly and assured us the service was never like that before... I'm taking their word for it and will definitely update my review after my next visit to Teharu Sushi.\n\nOh...and after all my ranting, let me not forget to mention something positive - the bill was cheap!!! I seriously thought I ate about $30 worth (I SO was not counting), but it only came out to half that :D"""""""
"""G/f and I stopped in last week for happy hour specials. Service was friendly but a bit slow for how not-busy they were. Atmosphere is modern and a bit upscale. We ordered fried calamari and vegetarian spring rolls for an appetizer. They were, to be honest, so-so. The spring rolls were 90% breading and 10% spicy delicious something I wish they'd put more of in the roll. Go to Oregano's down the street for superior calamari. I had a Thaitini, which was fruity and not-too-strong. A good or bad thing, depending on your mood and palate, but I actually wish it had been a bit stronger. The g/f had the \ginger binger\"""" which was actually my fav. thing we got. A ginger beer mixed with rum and/or vodka...what an idea! All in all, a good enough happy hour sampling session...I would go back w/ g/f for dinner sometime."""""""
There is nothing like Spring Baseball, and this was my first visit to see the Angels in Tempe. This is the type of event that had helped me survive the very cold winter days. I knew I had these tickets and it was great to look forward to the trip. \n\nI must say we must have seen the hottest spring game of the year as the temperature clocked in at 92 degrees, and this was okay, as it was snowing at my house and I had my sun block on. The Angels were playing the Brewers and it ended up going into extra innings. \n\nOur only concern with the facility was the leg room and the width of the chairs. One of the friendly ushers let us know that they had been averaging about 8,000 folks a game, and I wondered how many of them were as cramped as we were in our seats. \n\nThe other concern I had was the fact that everything is ridiculously overpriced. I don't mind helping to pay salaries, but beers were over $10, and I was thinking that there are times when you can get a 12-pack for that price. I know prices help prevent drunken behavior, but why punish the many for the poor behavior of a few. it would be best to simply cut them off, and allow others to pay a more reasonable price. \n\nHow about the food? We had the Portebella Sandwich, and it sounded much better than it was. This ballpark has all the items that you'd suspect, but none of the character of other parks. It would have been nice to see some regional favorites, but it didn't happen. My advice, eat elsewhere prior to the game. \n\nOur game went an extra inning and ended up a tie. We had seats very close to home plate, and, heck, my wife was even engaged in the game. \n\nNow if you can help some of the Angels not strike out, I would really appreciate it. \n\nLet's go Angels.
Arrowhead is a good average mall. It has everything you would expect from a typical mall and it is clean. The food court is ok, it could be better. \n\nThe only problem that I have with Arrowhead is that it's lacking variety and pizzazz. My boyfriend pointed out that it doesn't have a lot of places for guys besides your typical Foot Locker, Dick's, and Macy's etc... \n\nIf looking for your basics and no frills malls give Arrowhead a try but if  you're wanting more then try Arizona Mills or Scottsdale Mall.
Went here with a big group last night to watch the ASU/UA game and was really surprised at what great service we received. Despite it being a busy night and our group being large and loud, our waitress was totally on top of everything. We ate and drank a LOT and were there for about five hours.\n\nThe wings were great...HOT does mean hot here :-) And I was surprised at how well my veggie burger came out.\n\nI would totally suggest coming here with a group to watch a game or hang, great atmosphere.
Average sushi in an upscale chain environment. It's a fun place and festive atmosphere for sure....but if you're craving solid sushi, this is not your best bet.\n\nI've been to the Ra in Houston, and I actually found the food at that location superior. However, I can say that the two locations were similar in clientele (young professionals that like to dress up for week night dinners) and ambiance (top 40 music blaring).\n\nI don't dislike this place, but I am not dying to go back either...
"""I really, really want to like this place more than I do. They have a cheerful atmosphere, even when it's packed with the Trixies and Trevors from ASU. The \art\"""" on the walls is *so* bad that it makes for some fun conversation. They even give you a cookie with your order. The sandwiches aren't bad, but nothing to look forward to. Really, this one's all about location. \n\nApparently they have some kind of breakfast, but I've never tried it."""""""
Ever feel guilty about drinking before noon? Well you definitely wont at this place. A wonderful happy hour starting at 11am that doesn't give you the judgy face. You can blame it on the fact that the mixed drinks are $5 during happy hour. The drink list is plenty and there are delicious things to eat while you are at it. Give the cheese or chocolate fondue a chance. They both come with a wide variety of nibbles to dip into that bottomless pot of sin. The atmosphere is laid back but still hip. There are games for you to play and people to watch.
Haji Baba is good. Not exceptional, but good. I don't understand all the fuss about this place, kind of like Fez where everyone raves about it and I just don't get it, so maybe it is me. \n\nThere is no atmosphere to speak of, what so ever, not that its a bad thing. The place is sectioned off into two portions, one a dining area, and one a grocery store. We were seated at one of the tables in the grocery store, like.... IN the grocery store. No complaints here, I find something oddly comforting about eating in a place like this.\n\nThe food was good, hummus though was very good. We had a nice array of salads, gyros, shwarmas, hummus, spanikopita, baklava, etc. All sorts of shit was at the table, and it was all good, but none of it made me go oh man this is the best I've ever had. \n\nI'd return for two reasons, one is the price. Dinner for 4 with more than we could eat was less than $30. reason two is the great service. We didn't more than 5 minutes for ANYthing. They are quick here, and very accommodating.
Haven't been here in a while but I miss their mango drink. Yumm...  I always enjoyed their super fresh Tuna sandwich. Plus you can watch them as they prepare it. Cute little place in the Basha's shopping center. There is a Wells Fargo in the shopping center and Paradise Bakery is across the street. Will be going here soon. See ya there!!!!!!!!!!!!\n\nUpdate: Went there again about a month ago and a totally different experience. The mango drink was horrible and watery. eeww.
Alison B. and I met here for reverse happy hour last week.  Before we decided to move to the patio (it was too noisy earlier), she ordered a peach martini made w/ sake, and I a glass of Red Diamond Merlot.  Alison was feeling like having the Kona calamari (HH price $5).  It's been years since I had KG's and I couldn't recall if I liked it, but I mentioned that if we moved to the bar or patio, that happy hour would start in fifteen minutes and we could order that and something else at happy hour prices!  It took a little arm-twisting, but Alison relented ;)  \n\nWhy did I stay away for so long?!  Oh yeah, I remember now... Mom and I used to frequent Chandler's KG our first two years in the valley, but it just got harder and harder to find an empty table at the bar/patio, plus it was always so noisy!  I really like Scottsdale's location- not too noisy outside, especially if you're lucky enough to snap up a table at a corner or at the outer edges.\n\nBesides the calamari, we also tried the Five-spice Barbecue Chicken pizza ($5), and she ordered a Bud-light ($2) and I a glass of House red merlot ($4).  Food and libations were delish!
Finally, a decent Asian market north of Glendale. There used to be a huge Vietnamese community centered around 19Th ave and Northern.  I wondered where a lot of the businesses had moved to... Well, now I know.  There are a ton of good resources and restaurants north of ASU West and up to the freeway (101) Asiana Market is one of the biggest.\n\nThis Korean owned market has a good selection of Korean, Vietnamese and Indian foods.  I found a lot of things I have trouble finding elsewhere.    The shelves were packed, and the prices were good.  I bought a good sized bag of wild sweet rice for less than $4. The selection of fish was good, the fish looked very fresh, and it was clean well organized.  I would like to have seen more baked goods.  I couldn't find the kind of fish cake i really wanted, but there were 3 other suitable choices.  I did find 4 things i hadn't expected to find.  The Indian spice aisle was particularly tempting.
I went here last week for lunch since a colleague recommended it. I work near Country Club and the north 202 and am getting tired of the same old places within a 1-3 mile radius from work - so I was excited to try something new. \n\nTypically when I go to Mexican restaurants I order shredded beef hard shell taco's (boring, I know!). They were actually very good, but kind of expensive for their size - I think I paid almost $7 for 2 tacos. The chips and salsa that came with the meal were also pretty good, although I had to salt the chips a lot to get them just right. My colleague got the steak burrito and said he really enjoyed that. Would give it a higher rating if it either the food portions were bigger or the prices were cheaper.
Ok so this place has pretty amazing spring rolls but the cook Boyd decides to not make them for me, she told me they ran out. A few minutes later a family comes in to dine in and she makes them spring rolls, like WTF? The PHO broth is awesome but due to the economy they have been using chewy low quality chickens of beef in their PHO yuck! The egg rolls, beef and broccoli, wonton soup, and the chicken fried rice are to die for! And amazing! However, I am giving them only three stars because they have been using low quality meat as of lately and they only make you spring rolls if they like you or feel like it. This is too bad because me and many of my family members and friends would come here at least once a week. I wish they were like they use to be 3yrs ago. Oh well I found Da Vang restaurant to replace their PHO and spring rolls craving.
I wish I could give more a review for Zinburger, but I am not much of a burger fan. In fact, I have no interest in ever eating one. My reason for visiting Zinburger you ask? Milkshakes.\n\nMy fabulous friend, Laura, introduced me to Zinburger for their milkshakes alone. I have since returned many a time to enjoy a Kit Kat milkshake (vanilla ice cream instead of chocolate is the best!). The milkshakes are always delicious and the bartenders are always attentive. \n\nMy Zinburger issue relates to their hours. Maybe it's not as weird as it seems, but they close at 9pm during the week. That seems really early. Even for a week night. Their weekend hours only last until 10pm which is also a bit lame. Not that I want to stay late and party at Zinburger, but I do like to get a late night milkshake from time to time (after visiting a non-burger joint). \n\nKeep up the good work on the milkshakes and add some hours and I may eventually pop in for a whole meal. You never know...
Went here last night for dinner around 8pm. It wasn't too crowded and we were seated promptly. There was a pizza and wine special (every Weds apparently), but we opted to go order from the menu as i had pizza for lunch.  I love trying chicken salad sandwiches at new places, so why should this place be any different? Maizie's had grapes and dried apricots mixed in... Wonderful! Perfectly peppery to balance out the fruit.  For the side, the server recommended a mix of hand-cut and sweet potato fries, which did not disappoint.  I love SP fries that are medium cut like theirs and the fresh-cut potatoes were amazing! The chipotle aioli was quite good too.  I wasn't in the mood for a drink (what?!), but i did try the bf's red sangria, which was pretty good and i would definitely order it next time i want a cocktail.  He ordered the special which was ribs with sides of new potatoes, roasted veggies and some sort of corn. He couldn't finish it all and that is quite odd for him. At $13 it was quite the steal for him to have leftovers!\nI hope we can get back there for happy hour, which runs from 3-6pm... I can't remember if its weekdays or every day... But i look forward to a few $3 sangrias!   =)
Well I think it was us, cuz we were expecting something else.  First of all we thought we were in Richardson's, which now I see is next door.  But as the place is under remodel we weren't quite sure where to enter and so we went in here.  It was very dark and noisy, I felt the music was too loud, but at the time I didn't know that this was the bar.  Anyway we weren't in a great mood to party and so that put a damper on the dinner.  So in all honesty, I will have to go back and try it when we aren't being so pissy.  The service was slow, the water tasted off, the shrimp quesadillas weren't worth the money, but the pork green chile rellano's were delicious, spicy, smokey and flavorful.  I felt the beans and rice were okay, could have been cooked a little more thoroughly.  I also thought the price $15 was a little high for 2 rellano's, should be more like $12, but I won't bitch and moan for $3.  The order of pork gc enchiladas for take away lunch the next day were very tasty and much appreciated.  So as I said maybe it was our pissy mood, we'll see next time at Richardson's.
My mate & I saw this place on Groupon, so we went to try it, as frozen yogurt lovers. When we arrived we realised the coupon was no longer on groupon, but figured we were already here so why not. The staff member was very friendly but seemed to be trying pretty hard to sell it. Funnily enough, he was only really talking to my friend, and not to me. Unlike a lot of other frozen yogurt places, they don't have someone controlling and handing out the sampling cups, so sampling wasn't a weird awkward fumble of asking for more cups if you wanted to try something. All of their flavours taste like their base plain that has been altered, and their plain tastes really good. I tried all of them except for pumpkin, which makes enough sense given the context that I don't like pumpkin or pumpkin-flavoured things. The flavours I remember them having were coconut, dark chocolate, apple cider, pumpkin, pomegranate, and plain. All of the non-pumpkin ones were really, really good!\nI ended up getting their dark chocolate and coconut. I added Oreo and graham cracker dust. It was very tasty. I would be careful about adding anything too sweet to your mix if you don't like that complementary emphasis on how tart the plain normally is- it isn't as apparent until you put something in their like mango boba, a burst of sweetness in your mouth. I like the tanginess, and I think most frozen yogurt lovers do, but if you are looking for something more along the lines of an ice cream replacement, make sure you take samples and think it through- don't just jump in. Some people aren't prepared!\nAll of their fruit is cut the morning of, apparently, and they will cut a banana for you if you want to put some banana in your yogurt. All of their yogurt is also gluten free, comparatively less calories than many other places, slightly more expensive than other places by ounce (40-some cents- where I'm from, prices stick around 30 cents), and they boast that their probiotics actually do something, and that other peoples' probiotics are useless. The only probiotics I know about are Yakult's, so I won't even feign having a proper perception of that from a frozen yogurt standpoint. None of their frozen yogurt flavours are dairy free.\nThey don't have parking because they're in the strip of Mill off of fifth. Your best bets are street parking or the public parking on fifth. We went on a Sunday, so it was free parking. I don't know if that's normal. You may not see it driving by- we didn't, we were distracted by the presence of a Fatburger or something. There's a Starbucks on the same corner, in case that helps.
Well let me start by saying i agree with all of the reviews i have read already...but let me start with one obvious problem i have always had with buffet style restaurants...THE CARPET....UHHHHHH!!!!!! I mean if these establishment are going to have carpet in a public area with kids present and people generally eating like kids...then you must pay close attention to the CARPET!!!!. The CARPET had a horrible smell at this location...and you really have to be careful not to let it ruin your appetite.\n\nSecondly for the $25 price tag...if your not going for some sort of special...like the all you can eat ribs....which no one else does...then it may not be worth your money. This evening...because my wife loves ribs...is why we even went to pay this establishment a visit. \n\nNow don't get me wrong the food is very good...not great...but very good. I had a fabulous piece of rotisserie chicken breast with mashed potatoes and gravy...mac and cheese....and dinner rolls. My wife had the ribs of course.... along with various sides.\n\nNow the dessert is not so great or very good for that matter. I had the lemon tart....brownie...and vanilla-chocolate swirl yogurt...and all of them were awful. My wife had the lemon cake and vanilla ice cream along with some fresh strawberries and she seemed to enjoy it.\n\nNow in conclusion i don't have to go here again personally...but if a special deal comes to this establishment and you really like it you should definitely give it a shot....otherwise pay your $25 to eat somewhere else. Eat, Drink, and be Merry my friends!!!!
The food is fantastic. It's a healthy alternative to most Indian food. My husband and I have always enjoyed the food. \nThe service, however, consistently AWFUL!!!!  My husband and I don't complain a lot and we know the service industry is tough. Plan to be there for an hour and a half to 2 hours if go for dinner. Drinks never refilled, waited 15-20 minutes AFTER we already finished our appetizers for the server to take our order for dinner. We essentially bussed our own tables. Plan to NOT see your server during and after you eat. Plan to wait 15-20 to get your check. We likely will not go back because of the terrible service.
I took my daughter here for a late lunch. Service was great through the whole dining experience and the place is decorated in 1950's style.\n\nI had the hot dog with cheese and chips for $5.50, my daughter had the cheeseburger and chips for $6.95. Both were average, nothing that would make me want to go back for these particular items. The soda options were spectacular, I had black cherry & cream soda, both were heaven. I get the vibe that this place is best for ice cream type treats and specialty sodas, there were more than 100 different flavors to choose from. \n\nSince this place is right down the street I may return, also there are antiques inside to take a look at before or after you eat.
I have only been here 2 times (once on a random Friday and another on the Friday of a the big Pride weekend) and each time has been packed.  So packed it is hot and steamy inside.  For some of you that may be your thing.  ;)\nThe lines at the bar are long but the pours are usually quality.  My favorite part about this bar is the music and the patio out back.  It is a great place when the weather is just right to hang out and people watch.  \nIt directly connects to the Palazzo which is nice to switch up the change of pace, musically speaking.
To me, this place is almost like an upscale filibertos. It has a real quaint and nice home style environment that's very inviting. But sadly it stops about there. I tried one of the breakfast burritos because everyone else rants about them and to be honest it couldn't shake a stick at one from filibertos. The overall burrito was somewhat small and the potatoes were simply mushy, not really holding any form. I wasn't really pleased by my experience but I decided to try it another day (chips and salsa are chips and salsa, can't really mess that up)\n\nAbout a week later I went back for a three rolled taco combo. Surprisingly, they managed to take the deep frying step and double the length of it I assume, leaving them in too long. I was at the end of the lunch rush is that helped any. What should have been crispy/soft rolled tacos turned into thick tough chips filled with meat.  I was too disappointed and just ready to wash my hands clean of the place so I didn't raise a fuss. \n\nAll in all, it's a personalized filibertos that offers chips and salsa with most meals. I'm not sure if it's supposed to be healthy mexican food but either way it wasn't that tasty for me. I'm glad the rest of you had good experiences.
The food here is good, but not stellar.  I've tried a number of their dishes and I will continue to go because it's nearby when I need my fix for gyros.  I like their salads, although ask for the dressing on the side or it comes saturated.  I do not like their wraps, especially their grilled veggie wrap had a strange taste (maybe not so fresh?) and I had to throw it out.  On the other hand, their falafel is good, gyro meat is good, chicken is good, regular hummus is good (I'm not a fan of their other flavors).  My hubbie loves the Italian beef sandwich and I eat the giardineria that comes with.  Oh, and at the risk of being beaten by other yelpers, it's not my favorite tzatiki sauce. Good but doesn't induce cravings like King Gyro's.
The BF and I went to PAM this past week and I must say it wasn't their best showing. I have gone for special exhibits in the past and it has been great, but they were between exhibits so a lot of the museum was out of commission. The older paintings were very cool, they even have a Monet. The majority of the museum is modern art, which I personally am not a fan of. The 'art' reminded me of stuff you see at first Friday....it was not so impressive. I would go back if there was a special touring exhibit to see, but as it is, I wouldn't visit again.
My husband and I used to frequent the Keegan's in Ahwatukee, but we have moved from that area and are slightly closer to this Camelback location. \nWe ate breakfast at this location for the first time yesterday.\n\nI found the service to be a bit slow, but our server was very polite and accomodating.\n\nI ordered the cinnamon brioche french toast. I would go as far to say this is the best french toast I have ever eaten. It was so moist and tasty! \n\nI like the set up of the Ahwatukee location better. The bathrooms at this location are not as nicely kept as the 'tukee location.\n\nI'll definitley be back for Sunday brunch again for some of that great french toast and hope to check it out for dinner some night. Keegan's usually has some good, home cooking dinner specials, so when I'm too lazy to cook my own meatloaf I'll head here on a Monday night.
"""Drink too many drinks at Gilligan's and this might turn into a bit more than a three hour tour. How do I subscribe this bar. True dive? Yes. Cheap drinks? Kind of. Phenomenal people watching? Guaranteed hangover? Yes and yes. \n\nGilligan's is the bar you take your visiting friends to. It's the bar, you visit when it's just a rowdy night and you want to avoid the \scene.\"""" It's the bar that has karaoke, a wheel of booze and beer pong all in one room. It's dirty, smelly and crazy but if you're in the mood for it, it's a pretty awesome time. \n\nThe drinks are strong. They serve pints of beer. You can spin the wheel of booze and chances are you're going to get the grossest drink available. \n\nSo my suggestion to my yelp friends is that if you are in Old Town, wanting to avoid the scene and looking to get rowdy, make a stop into Gillgan's."""""""
I really just wanted Chinese food. Not the healthy Thai or Vietnamese food or the other pan-Asian establishments that are all about healthy cooking. I wanted the grease-and I wanted it now!\n\nLocated really close to Mr. Mustachios abode, we drove over there and I noted the favorably reviewed Yelp sticker on their door. the decor is very Golden Girls-mauve, mauve, floral pattern, and more MAUVE. The menu was pretty extensive, but when I saw I could have nothing vegetarian on their appetizer menu, I knew it could end up being a Tums night so I didn't give birth to a food baby in the early morn-translation-almost all was gonna have meat in it, even if they took it out.\n\nI got the eggplant with red tofu sauce (sans pork) with white rice and he got the old reliable Beef with Broccoli. I wasn't grossed out, the eggplant was tender, there was def. bits of pork (not huge, but there) and the rice was fine. The tea was fine, the booth didn't give swamp ass and the service was attentive.\n\nSo Wongs didn't blow my mind, but it blow my behind either. We left sated, had enough for leftovers and it cost under 20 bucks, and my Chinese food craving was handled swiftly.\n\nNot bad at all.
After my coworkers and I claiming a million times we were going to go to the interesting place behind Fiesta Burrito, it took a friend being in the area and proclaiming its glory for me to head over after work one day for a quick impromptu meetup. \n\nIt was well worth it.\n\nTalk about a million different types of sodas for almost every desire humanly possible. Most of them are not cold and in a few aisles across the store. A select few are cold in the coolers in the back and ready to drink on the spot. I headed straight to the back and decided on one of the ginger beers, which ended up being a great choice. It was just a little over a dollar, and I was asked if I wanted a straw as I paid for it. Um yes, I heart all accessories.... even beverage ones such as straws. \n\nThey have some seats outside in case you want to sit and enjoy some Scottsdale people watching. The staff is very friendly and helpful also. \n\nWarning that there is a $5 purchase limit to use a credit/debit card.\n\nI will definitely be back. My only real wish is that the inside was more inviting. I didn't feel persuaded to browse the aisles and instead went straight for the cold selection.
I've been going to this gym for a couple of years now.  I have to admit, it ranks 10 times higher than the Pure Fitness gym I belonged to a mile down the road.  But, that doesn't mean that there isn't room for big improvements.\n\nHere's what I do like:\n\nNot too crowded and lots of equipment available for cardio workouts.\nThe staff is friendly and seems to enjoy working there. \nThe membership price is reasonable.\nConvenient location to my house.\n\nCons...\n\nLast year the temperature in the gym during the summer was excruciatingly warm.  Imagine trying to do high intensity cardio in a sauna...that's what it felt like.  I know temperatures in gyms are supposed to be set at about 72 to 74 degrees.  The temperature readings I saw on the thermometers were consistently 78 and 79 degrees.  I mentioned this several times to management and all I got was those temperatures aren't correct and that they would look into it. \n(As you can see, this one is big for me.)\n\nManagement doesn't seem to address concerns of members.\n\nOnly one time have I seen a trainer or staff go through and pick up the area putting weights in their proper place and cleaning up any trash on the floor.  (Hey, they shouldn't have to clean up after members I know but...not all members have the integrity to put the weights away themselves after using them.)\n\nI watch some of the TVs while doing cardio.  Sometimes they have trash shows that do nothing to motive me on the TV.  When working out I need something to inspire me to keep focused and energized and not bring me down.  Jerry Springer and the news with all of it's negative stories doesn't do it.  How about a couple of sports channels, health channel, and some feel good kind of stuff?\n\nI'll keep going to the gym because of price and convenience but if another option became available, I would check it out in a heart beat.
I've never been to Roka, so this was a nice chance to try it out. The bar and lounge area was cool-I liked all the decorative sake bottles around the bar. They had a great DJ there last night as well. \nPretty good wine and from what what we got to try of the appetizers they were very good-especially the butterfish. We got passed over though a bunch of times, which is kind of frustrating. All the servers were very nice though, probably just really busy.\nAs we were sitting and waiting hoping for the fashion show to start.....we finally realized that there was no fashion show-which was a disappointment. I was really looking forward to that as I hadn't participated in any fashion week events before. Well, it was still a nice evening with friends and got to check out a place I hadn't been before.
"""Sushi was ok, if you can get it when they're making it - which definitely isn't all the time. My friend had the turkey \burger\"""" which was actually turkey slices rolled up - kinda weird if you ask me. They have a decent beer selection where I was happy to see the Dogfish Head IPA on tap. Chicken tortilla soup was nothing to write home about, but they are very conveniently located in the hotel. Friendly and very attentive staff."""""""
This review is just for CityCenter of CityNorth, the first phase of development and only part currently open.  Perhaps I had too many preconceived notions of what this could be - a North Phoenix Kierland Commons or the Phoenix version of The Grove (in LA).  CityNorth isn't like either of these.  It's going for a highly urban environment, with condo buildings atop first-floor shops and restaurants, but it lacks uniqueness, charm, and beauty.  Maybe it's just me, but the development and the architecture are too stark - where's the greenery, the fountains, the central gathering spaces?  This could have been an opportunity to create more than just another mixed use development - it had potential to be a destination in itself, like The Grove or Kierland.  If you know those places, you know what a magical charm they have, how you could spend time just strolling around and enjoying the scenery and people-watching.  That charm is lacking in CityNorth.  Sure, I'll go there for the occasional meal or stop into Mojo Yogurt, but I'll be in and out.  Also, there's really not a lot of great stores yet - rather than establishing CityNorth as a fashion-forward destination, it's filled with mostly chains and otherwise staid, boring fashion.  Dining is another problem.  Kona Grill will be a nice addition to the neighborhood, the coffee place looks unique (always nice to have original places rather than Starbucks, not that I don't enjoy Starbucks), and the other restaurants looks promising, but they're all high-end.  I was there on opening weekend, and people were wandering around asking if there was anywhere affordable to grab a lunch - there's NOTHING!  They need some casual, inexpensive dining.  So while I anticipate my rating will change once we get our first North Valley Nordstrom and AZ's only Bloomingdale's, for now CityNorth is nothing more than yet another ubiquitous Valley mixed-use development.
Very fun to walk around on Saturdays! It has a wide variety of foods and other products. It can be a bit pricey for what you get, but I guess it's because they are smaller businesses trying to make a profit.\n\nHowever, the prices can be a bit much - we ended up just purchasing one item. I would go back though for the fun and to walk around. I wouldn't use this place as a main supplier of any of my foods though due to the prices.
The food was okay. I'd go back just because it's on the few vietnamese joints close by where i'm staying.\n\n*edit*\nI went there the next day, and instead of packing up my leftovers to go like I asked, the waitress threw it away. Knowing this had happened already, the waitress still kept the extra rice I ordered to go (to eat with my leftovers) in the check. I was definitely irritated that they didn't at least offer to replace what they threw away or at least just taken out the extra rice I ordered immediately. I don't know if I'd come back again.
I love Red Ribbon bakery, but this location is really rather sad. The pancit palabok was embarrassing and the lumpia was clearly frozen in the middle when I ordered from here. I came here so excited because I hadn't had any Filipino food in Phoenix in a couple of years (unless I made it myself),but it fell short in every sense of the word. The people at the counter did not know the products. Two star location, rounded to 3 stars because at least they didn't screw up that magical Mango Cake of theirs...Red Ribbon's Mango Cake forever.
"""Dos has become the regular hangout for our group on Monday nights, for a few simple reasons:\n\n1. $2 beers after 10pm\n2. $4 meals/apps after 10pm\n3. Atmosphere and service.\n\nDos Gringos is not the type of bar one would frequent because it's high class or offers a bevy of unique mixed drinks or beers on tap.  At its heart, it is a dive bar that excels at being kitschy and serving super cold bottled brews.  Its location takes advantage of Arizona's stellar weather, as it is an outdoor bar.  We've never gone during the day, but even during the warm summer evenings, the fans do their job at keeping everyone cool.  \n\nThe servers here are always friendly, checking in frequently and serving up food and drinks quickly.  Our group tends to trickle in, and I'm always impressed at how easily the servers manage to keep everyone's tab separate without us requesting it, or needing to dissect what each person at the table ordered.\n\nThe reason for the three star rating lies primarily in selection.  For those looking for tequila or Mexican beers, Dos Gringos provides a great selection.  For those looking for something else, it may be a bit harder to select something from their drink menu.  This isn't inherently a bad thing; if I wanted a particular type of beer, I'd go to a different bar.  The music leaves a lot to be desired, though it is the standard bar mix of current popular songs (though they earn a point for not having played \Party in the USA\"""" like every other bar I've been to over the last 2 months).\n\nFor Monday nights, Dos Gringos is the perfect scene for an ice cold Fat Tire and some nachos."""""""
We enjoyed the Grapes and Gorgonzola Salad topped with toasted pine nuts and fresh torn basil, this salad had a really good taste.  A very good grilled piece of tasty Lamp's Bread comes with the salad. Many nice salads are on the menu and they are large as a meal or enough to share.\n\nNext we had to share a pizza so we went with the Margherita pizza but added Calabrian Peppers. Soon the pizza came out and the crust was very thin and very crisp but only half way and around the middle it was soggy. The sauce seemed good. The reason I am giving three stars instead of four stars is because I didn't like the cheese blend on this pie. The cheese on our pie came out chewy and rubbery not melty gooey. I note they do offer a variety of cheeses and others might be better. Neither of us liked the Calabrian Peppers because they were heavily salted and we didn't expect that also the peppers didn't pack much heat. We didn't ask for Calabrian Oil on the pizza but we were told they added it to our pie instead of the olive oil that they normally do since we got the peppers so I might have gotten more flavor on my pie than it normally gets.\n\nI liked that the slices are thin and very light.\nOverall this place is worth a try!
I dont mind drifting into Drift every once in a while for some pre-debauchery drinks if I have the extra cash.  I like the vibe there, the patio is comfortable and the bathrooms have great sinks.  And you know how I feel about great sinks in bathrooms.  In the winter the patio is especially nice because they have huge torches which warm it up a bit.  \n\nThe crowd is pretty touch and go...I've been a few times where I'm the tallest person in the place (SO annoying...I realize I'm 5'10 but dear God did none of you take vitamins growing up?),  while other times I'm pleasantly surprised by the Drift talent pool.  Aside from happy hour, drinks are tasty but pricey.\n\nGrab some confidence (and your wallet) , stoll past the gawkers at the door, and you will probably like what you see at Drift.  If not, head to the bathroom, the sinks never underdeliver.
"""I was in a bind and really needed some \emergency\"""" toiletries and thankfully our dinner plans were located right next to CVS Pharmacy. We don't have CVS where I live and thought the selection of items was really super. I got my \""""emergency\"""" toiletries and proceeded to buy huge amounts of make-up wipes. I don't know why, but I have a horrible compulsion to purchase anything that's BOGO at 50% off! \n\nI went up to the counter to purchase my items but no one was at the cashier stand. I looked around and thought \""""Uh is no one working?\"""" I guess the cashier had gone to the bathroom, but regardless it was all very odd. The cashier came back and checked out my items. She was nice enough to scan a CVS card to activate the discount for my bulk make-up wipes, so I have to give her kudos for that. Thanks CVS for helping a girl in her moment of need!\n\n31 Yelps Challenge: #5/31"""""""
Sunday V-Day \n\nEmpty and boring. The service was oddly slow and odd in general. The waitress was overly nice and I swear she was Minnie Mouse @ Disney for a year or two. \n\nThe food was good but not great. Everyone liked what they had but no one had a overwhelming time. \n\nThe stadium was gross and ugly compared to the regular season vibrant green. It seemed a little sad. LOL\n\nAlthough I did not have anyone sitting with me while trying to eat, I did have a man cleaning his washcloths in the sink. He was clean and friendly but I thought it was funny.
"""My wife and I LOVE us some good Curry!  \n\nWe went here on a double date and I like the cafe type atmosphere.  We were the only ones in the restaurant for the first 20 min.  The food was pretty good.  \n\nWarning, these guys are serious about spicy.  Medium is a normal person's hot and hot is, \wow I'm gonna feel that tomorrow kind of hot.\""""\n\nThe Chicken seemed really fatty to me and not cooked enough for my tastes but I like my chicken well done.  \n\nSince its the only real Indian place on the West Side we'll probably go there again."""""""
"""Had to try this place out b'c of people's reviews and I'm always in search of a good Chinese restaurant.  It was a borderline between a 2 and 3.  The service was \meh\"""" but the food was all right.  I wouldn't say it is \""""authentic chinese food\"""" but not really \""""americanized chinese food\"""" either.  Kind of a mix ... and fusion-ish.  \n\nI love mushrooms so I go the chicken and mushrooms.  It was OK.  It wasn't super salty which I liked.  Interesting that it came with a salad but what's with the honey mustard sauce?  I'm at a Chinese food restaurant!  It shoulda been like a sesame or ginger dressing that I've had at other places.\n\nI'd probably give it another go though ... I think maybe the husband will like it more.  Plus, my kiddo was kind of going crazy so it was hard to enjoy the meal!"""""""
3.5 stars, I went to Crackers and debated on whether to get a lunch item or breakfast.  I ended up going with a lunch item. \n\nI went with the Roast Beef Avocado Melt. The sandwich was very good and hearty. The side of fries seemed a bit small in portion and little over salted. \n\nPrices are resonable for a sandwich and side (soup, fries, salad), 7.99-8.99. The burger options run about the same price.\n\nThe menu offers lots of options-sandwiches, burgers, salads, half soup/sandwich etc.\n\nBreakfast items are served all day, everday which is always a nice thing. I plan on heading back to try the breakfast since many people say this is a good spot for breakfast items.
After going to canter's and greenblats and factors this place was all right i went with three others on a Sunday at 12:30 and the line was pretty long but we only waited 30 min for a table's when taking a few mins to look at the bake goods counter. and the freshly baked bread i saw a eclair that looked good so i thought why not try it.It should be good.It was all right I would at not time go out of my way for it. after begin sited i ordered a knish which was really oily.With a plate of three sliders.Which has sliced brisket with cheese and a small potato pancake on the bottom. What i was surprised about was i had to ask for a side of apple sauce which of you have ever enjoyed potato pancakes you have to have apple sauce seemed to me in a nut shell that we where all given large amount of food.But the food seemed to not really stand out flavor wise.
I would really love to give Valley Metro more stars. Really, I would. I am a large proponent of taking the bus when I can. I do own a car, so it is not for lack of other transportation that I frequently take the bus. It is for the simple reason that Stevey stated-- Valley Metro will supply more routes when the demand is there. And Phoenix can't afford to have so much sprawl and no form of mass transit. If we would all just suck it up and step away from our SUVs for one to two trips a week, Valley Metro might have the funds to have a ligitimate system!\n\nHonestly, the buses are nice. Mostly, they are clean and on-time. You can check the schedule at www.ValleyMetro.org before you go so you will know the fatest route to take. You can even plan your route from there. It's cheap-- only $1.25 to ride, and free transfers for the next two hours. You just definintely need to set aside a good chunk of time to get where you're going!
ACK! \nI haven't been to a Red Robin in years. I remembered liking it. However yesterday was very iffy and not sure if I would go back. \n\nI went here yesterday with a friend for lunch. \n\nOur waitress was very uninterested in us being there. \n\nWe ordered our drinks and some onion rings. The onion rings come out as a tall stack on this tall metal object, I was leaning forward talking to my friend when the waitress tries to shove the onion rings onto the table damn near taking my eye out. She was close enough that I felt the heat of the onion rings on my face. \n\nAside from near blindness, they were good. \n\nWe both ordered grilled chicken sandwiches, and both agreed that they were the most god awful grilled chicken sandwiches there could be. despite the gobs of sauce on them, the chicken itself had no flavor...and was rubbery. \nI had some sort of pesto cibata chicken, the bun was soggy on one side. Soggy bread makes me gag, its the worst. Wet bread ::shivers:: they put a pesto sauce on it, some sort of diced tomato concoction and then a very odd flesh toned sauce. No clue. I took two bites off the none soggy side and that's all I could bear. \n\nI will say though, the french fries are freaken Yum! That is what saved me from starving to death. My friend doesn't like confrontation so I didn't send it back, if I was there with anyone else, this meal would have sure been sent back.
We had a friend from Italy who came to visit, and heard PB is the best in town, so we thought this would be the restaurant of choice. There really is a lot of HYPE about Pizzeria Bianco that I don't really understand now that I've eaten here. \n\nCame here on a friday night and put our names down. We were told it would be about 1 hour to 1:45 minute wait. It really is a tiny place, that fits only about 30 people maximum. So we walked over to Bar Biano next door.\n\nOnce we finally got seated after waiting about 1:30 minutes, we ordered fairly quickly since we were famished. \n\nI ordered the biancoverde pizza & added red sauce. My italian friend said you can't have a pizza without red/tomato sauce. It also came with ricotta, mozzarella cheese topped with argula. My friend ordered the Margarita pizza (mozzarella & basil). \n\nThe food took another 20-25 minutes. We thought bread was complimentary but apparently you have to order it. \n\nNo matter how great the food is, a 2-hour wait to me is just ridiculous. I was forewarned but I didn't free like this was a one-of-a-kind pizza place. Don't get me wrong I LOVE wood-fired pizza but it's just too long of a wait.  \n\nMy Italian friend said the pizza crust was good, but he had an issue with the cheese saying it wasn't ''authentic''. My guess is many places in the Valley won't truly have ''authentic'' Italian cheeses.\n\nThe pizza was definitely delicious.. my crust was slightly burned but I ate the whole pie by myself!\n\nBottom line: Don't come here hungry. Expect to wait. and Come with good friends since you'll have PLENTY of time to catch up.
Not the best computer science program.  However, it is a pretty big school.  It has that Arizona feel to it.  The heat can be unbearable at times, and I live in Vegas now.  My classmates were very friendly, but the teachers sometimes were a bit too strict.  The funny thing about this school was how people would steal bicycles and assemble a totally new bike.  So I'd see a bicycle with a bigger tire in the front and a smaller one on the back with different colors of parts attached.  Hilarious.  There are also a lot of people holding signs promoting either their religion or other beliefs.  There's a lot of different type of people here which is why I like it, but then again, I wasn't totally impressed by my teachers which is what I mostly looked for.
This place seems to convince oneself that burgers are not only OK to eat but somehow cool, too.  The ability to eat here late is a plus.  Although the place is super lil, I have never waited very long for a seat....the burgers, beers, fries, and milkshakes are all 5 stars and the inside ambiance with the nifty lighting, furniture, plus shared restroom sink is also super hip.....BUT it's in a strip mall and strip it down, it is a burger joint.  A must for flamboyant burger and beer peeps.  I have been a number of times because of the late food service and will be back again for the fries and sauce.
"""Last night... I decided to try out Hula's after reading the many reviews about the modern tiki. i do love the location and the building it is situated in, it's airy, bright, and inviting. Loved the fire pit on the patio, and I was tempted to request a table by the fire pit but my dinner mate wasn't feeling it, since it was quite chilly last night, and the fire was making her eyes watery. So, we chose an inside table. As service goes, our server was prompt, and helpful with making suggestions on what was best. \n\nWe started with a basket of sweet potato fries... and I have to admit it's one of the better places on central with sweet potato fries, loved the aioli dip and I am quite a fan of the some what soggy fry and mixed in with some crispy ones, it was YUM and worth getting as to quell our appetite while waiting for our entrees. \n\nMy friend M is a vegetarian so she opted for Black Bean burger, she's had the Black Bean burger at FEZ which is delish so she wanted to compare altho the idea of spicy tofu tacos was tempting. As for me, I opted for the lemongrass encrusted Mahi which was a recommended by our server and asked for a side of plantains to complete my meal. The table next door was served their food and it looked yummy, so M and I were looking forward to the items we ordered. \n\nThere are restaurants out there that have visually appealing entrees but lack with the taste factor, and there are places out there that are visually, and satisfyingly appealing and makes you have daydreams after the culinary experience that you yearn for it days after. In the case of Hula's it was visually appealing but not so much a wow in the taste department. Now, it's not like it was bad but it wasn't like OMG \this is bomb, mmmmmmmmmm, OMG... yum... I'm so getting this again... Oh when are we coming back?!?\""""  either. It was ok. I was full. \n\nThe Black Bean burger was simply described by my friend as greasy. Mind you it was her fault she failed to ask them to take off the onions but she was shocked with how much sauteed onions was slathered on the burger coupled with the melted jack, it just didn't mesh well the black bean patty in her opinion. It has lackluster appeal that when she had the uneaten half boxed up she simply forgot it because it didn't register on the yummy scale :-( \n\nAs for my lemongrass encrusted mahi. It was good, the slaw just didn't mesh well with grilled fish. Maybe some grilled veg would have best suffice over slaw. And the plantains were not the best plantains at all, seemed kind of dry and not as ripe, was hoping it would more soft and have a little crisp to it. \n\nOur dinner was ok, and did come out to 3 stars, I'm not completely writing off Hula's Modern Tiki since it deserves a second try at least. But I'm not wowed by it that I am hoping I'd get back there sooner... I can wait for later when that urge arises. There's simply too many better options than Hula's like Maizie's next door or FEZ up the street. So if you haven't tried it, you oughta but nothing to write home about."""""""
I actually wasn't all that impressed with this store, but maybe it was just b/c I was looking at the kids' clothes. There selection was very minimal, although the prices were great. I did see some incredible deals on D&B purses, if you're in to that sort of thing. But I'm not, so a 300 dollar purse at a 40 dollar price is just a 40 dollar purse to me. The staff was okay, not too friendly, I think someone said hello at one point. \nThey did have some good stuff though, and I will definitely be there again. I really just prefer to go through mounds of stuff, and find gems. I was also bothered by the posters of the kids that go through their programs. I guess just one in particular. One of the boys in the back was throwing up a gang sign. I thought that was a little inappropriate. Maybe it's just my soft-heart for that age group of misguided youth, but it really bothered me that he is still representing such a lost group. I wish they would have caught that.
"""So I'm in the D concourse 3 hours early for my flight and really hungry. As I look around at my seriously scare food options that include Wendy's, a CNBC gift shop, and some sort of overpriced bar & grill I see a small mexican beacon of hope with El Bravo.  \n\nI walked up to the counter and was surprisingly impressed by the array of options I had. After taking a minute I decided to play it safe with a Vegetarian Burrito w/ guacamole (because I can never say no to guacamole even when they charge me an extra dollar for it). \n\nThe best part of the  experience by far was the cashier (named Devin look out for him on the next season of American Idol) who sang all responses to you. This is no exaggeration he in fact sang everything from \Next in line\"""" to \""""Have a wonderful day\"""".  He made such an fantastical impression on me that I literally booked it to my gate so I could Yelp this experience.\n\nI wish I could say that the food made such as great of an impression on me but sadly it was pretty forgettable. It was a mediocre burrito that was definitely nothing to call home about. Also there were only 3 small tables for El bravo so I had to do play the eat on my lap at the gate game (not my favorite). \n\nOverall it was a decently priced (that is for the airport) mediocre place that you should only really make a point to stop at if you see that a man named Devin is working the counter"""""""
It's warm, open, and very comfortable. The food is FANTASTIC! Order up the Baked Goat Cheese. You will be asking for a second order of it, it's that good. I loved everything about this place, from the free valet parking to the concept of fresh food cooked on a brick oven, everything was perfect from start to finish. Now the reason why I gave it 3 stars (I wish there was a 1/2 star rating), is that I feel it's a little over priced for todays economy. But that's not to say that it wasn't stopping people from dining there! The place was packed and I was there for dinner on a Thursday night. Also try this place out for a great date night. It has a wonderful urban romantic feel at night.
Chini bandido.....good food in a hidden place in one of the strip malls\n...jade chicken was good and the bkack beans were very good...almost cuban style. The carnitas burrito....well it is sorry behind excuse for a burrito and it wasn't that good. Comes in aluminum bowl and plastic utensils.....i guess to save on washing dishes. The place has sort of escuela cafeteria experience to it. However, the staff is friendly and they even give you samples.  I expect more out of this place....they should do dim sum Mexican or something...now that would be interesting.
"""Switch was pretty good. Nothing negative during my experience but nothing super amazing, either.  Everything was good, the patio was cute, our waiter was nice. Really A-OK! :) but not somewhere i would say \LETS GO TO SWITCH!!!! IM CRAVING IT!\"""" \n\nHere are my likes (i have no dislikes)\n- the specials, can't beat the price. \n- the mac & cheese\n- our waiter (dusty)\n- patio\n- heater\n\nall in all, i dig it. if someone wanted to go here i'd be up for it. also, i would recommend it as a place to go if you're wanting to eat a bit later since their kitchen is open til midnightish."""""""
"""I wish Yelp would let us give half stars...cause this place would definitely be getting 2.5 stars from me. However, since I don't have that luxury, and since I'm feeling generous, we'll go with 3. \n\nSuffice it to say, I didn't think this place was anywhere NEAR as good as some of my foreyelpers. According to my dinner-mate (who also lives in Phoenix), the restaurant at the Claredon Hotel has had some identity crises in the past...Gallo Blanco is merely the latest manifestation and has only been open a few weeks. The ambiance was pretty good (earning this place one of its stars)...the dimly lit, minimalist-designed dining room with exposed concrete flooring lent itself well to the theme of the restaurant, with great big windows on one end.\n\nOur waitress was an adorable blonde from Manchester, England, who was very sweet and attentive, and the service was fabulous the whole evening...seriously, our food came out in the blink of any eye! I know others have complained that the service was slow, so all I have to say to them is that maybe they stepped up their game in the past few days or something...anyway, it was wicked fast (point for Ms. Manchester and the quick entree-serving, too). \n\nSo...here's where lack of stars comes in: the food. We started with the Guacamole, which one yelper claimed was the, \best guacamole you'll ever taste.\"""" This is false. It is NOT the best guacamole you'll ever taste. It doesn't even rank in my top 10. I guess I like more traditional guacamole, because this was NOT traditional, and it just didn't really hit the spot for me. It was very chunky and had actual slices of little tangerines (i think) in it. The \""""hint of orange\"""" was, in my opinion, a drawback. I just...didn't love it. Or even like it that much. I think I make better guac at home. Along with the guac, we also got a tomatillo sauce that was very boring...I've had some excellent tomatillos, and this didn't rank.\n\nFor my meal, I ordered the Cochinita Torta, which is basically pork served on a bun with some lettuce and some sort of aoili. I had read good reviews about the pork torta, but was hugely disappointed. First of all, the bun is like...one that you'd buy in the grocery store. NOTHING special about it, which was slightly disappointing. It just didn't have the constitution to really contain or complement the contents of the torta. The torta contents themselves were also nothing to write home about. My biggest complaint was the fact that there wasn't much pork, and the pork that was there wasn't, honestly, all that great. The aoili (which was seriously not much of a step above mayo) totally overpowered the pork and made the sandwich kind of...soggy. A soggy mayo and pork sandwich. That's what I had. It wasn't very good.\n\nI think next time I'd go with the tacos...my friend ordered them and they looked less...disappointing. She appeared to like them pretty well.\n\nThe other star that I HAVE to give this place, though, is for the prices...$6.50 for the torta and $4.00 for the 2 tacos. We didn't get any alcohol, so all in all we spent $11 apiece. I may not have liked my food, but at least I didn't spend a fortune on it. The price is the only thing that would entice me to come back and try something else."""""""
I saw this on DD&amp;D a few weeks ago.  It is a little bit of a drive for me, but I decided to take my daughters over there for a Saturday lunch.\n\nOnce I walked in I realized I had been here before a few years ago with a friend that lived in the neighborhood.  He really liked the place.  \n\nI ordered tacos, chicken, pork and carne asada.   I got an enchillada for the girls. \n\nThe girls didn't like the enchilada and the sauce seemed pretty boring and kind of sweet.\n\nThe rice was about as plain as could be, but the beens were kind of special.  They were closer to straight pinto beans then refried beans.  The were lightly mashed with plenty of bean chunks in a light sauce.  The bean flavor was strong.  The girls liked the beans mixed with rice and I enjoyed the beans and mexican cheese.\n\nThe chicken taquito was the best of the bunch.  The marinated pork took second but was a little dry.  The carne asada brought up the bottom.  It had a bit of a gassy taste and was far behind the great carne asada at El Sol.  \n\nThe tacos here are small as the name suggests but three of them are plenty for a lunch.  \n\nI would like to go back for a Diablo burro and to try the fish tacos.\n\nOverall this is an above average fast food place and the best place I have found for street tacos.
"""Meh. As my fellow Yelper said to me a few days after we ate here: \No Brio review, I'm shocked!\"""" \n\nI didn't jump on writing this review because I was pretty underwhelmed by the experience. The ambience sucks, the service wasn't very good and the food was totally average. \n\nMy cursor is blinking at me and I still don't know what else to say about my time spent here. \n\nAmbience- looks like an Italian cheesecake factory. Why are the collumns so huge?!\n\nService- the bartender kept interrupting us to take our order when we STILL weren't ready. Jeez, does it look like I've moved my menu in the 53 seconds it's been since the last time you checked? And then disappeared when we were finally ready. \n\nFood- \n-carpaccio, not bad but does it seriously need to be that huge? The two of us didn't even come close to finishing it. \n-Mediterranean pasta, pretty much the only one without a cream sauce on the whole menu. They split it for us which was nice and it tasted all right with mushrooms and chicken and stuff. \n-tiramisu came out frozen. They were super apologetic and didn't charge us for the replacement, but it was still awkward. They obviously just heated up a piece which made it melty and just not that great.\n\nSo yeah, that's that."""""""
Yes, nice stop on way back from Scottsdale to Los Angeles. I was originally going to drop a two star but my so said no, it's better than that! Yes, it was so here it is. \n\nStandard breakfast fare actually very good, scrambled eggs, oatmeal, biscuits and gravy, hash browns, even beef tacos. All fresh ingredients cooked to perfection. Had kids with us and totally friendly and accomodating. Since it was early, the adjacent bar/lounge wasn't open but it looks like a happening place if you come at the right time, ie. probably Friday or Saturday nights.\n\nThis is BETTER than McDonalds or the usual lousy chain junk food you see littered all along the American highway. So go!
I had dinner at 6pm on a Friday with two of my out-of-town friends. We had no wait. The service was friendly and checked back with us frequently to add water, etc.; the only downside was when my friend ordered Red Thai Curry (a chicken dish) and got Thai Curry Tofu (a fried tofu in curry dish). It wasn't a big deal; the waitstaff apologized and put in the correct order, and told my friend to have the wrong order free anyway. \n\nI spent just under $30 and got: soup gyoza, bacon wrapped shrimp, lime mint beef, green papaya mango salad and a coconut milk. the soup gyoza was essentially the shanghai steamed tiny bun. Only 4 were on the plate. For less than the price, I could have gotten double that amount in a Shanghainese restaurant. The dumpling skin was a bit thick and didn't retain a lot of the broth. But it was tasty. The bacon wrapped shrimp was $5 for two skewers; it was dark in the restaurant but I could tell it wasn't an actual shrimp wrapped in bacon. It was a log of shrimp paste wrapped with bacon. Good, but definitely needed the pickled carrots it came with to liven it up and give it flavor. The lime mint beef was described as beef carpacio, but it was actually cooked thin slices of beef in an excessively sour lime vinaigrette. I ran out of beef to put on the four rice chips it was served with. The mango salad was OK: I got it with fried tofu, but the tofu wasn't fried in hot enough oil because the inside was still relatively firm, unlike well done fried tofu. The salad was also spicy, which was not noted on the menu.\n\nMy friends got about 9 tapas and didn't like the thai curry chicken wings but loved everything else, especially the bacon wrapped beech mushrooms (they ordered a second, since the dish only comes with 2 skewers).
My friend took me to this Korean BBW a week ago on a Sunday. It is located in a strip mall across from ASU - West. Upon entering the first thing i noticed was the furniture made of trees. It's really different and fun!\nI cannot remember what we ordered but first we were served 6 or so small white bowls with cold vegetables. I was not impressed, although the cold potatoes weren't vomitous.\nThen came the sizzling strips of beef and THAT was delicious, some of the best tasting strips of beef I've ever devoured.\n\nI would say if you like Korean food, you would enjoy this place. I am not a fan of Korean food but I would eat those strips of beef anyday.
Came here for lunch the other day with a couple coworkers.  It is seat yourself at lunch time... don't think it is that way for dinner though.  Once sat the service was prompt... getting our drink order right away and giving us time to make our decisions.  I had their Kobe Beef Burger...the one with avocado and bacon.  This was very good, except that bun was kind of dry and took away from my enjoying the burger fully.  But on a more positive note... dry buns can definitely be rectified.  Hopefully they will see my post.  One of my coworkers had a chicken sandwich and he said the same thing about the bun.  All in all a good experience so I will be back.
"""This was my firat time at the original los olivos. I was just as un wowed as the north location. Sadly there isn't a single thing that I can point out that was bad.....but nothing was that good either. We had a largish party and I arrived late. It was an early dinner on a Saturday night so no waiting and the table already had chips and salsa on the table when I got there. I am not eating chips but everyone else seemed to like theirs. I thought the salsa was very shallow in its flavor. I like a deeper more roasted flavor. I asked for lemon with my water and he brought me a whole plate. I struggled to find the right thing to eat that wouldn't throw me completely off my no starch low sugar diet. I ended up with a chicken tostada a la cart and left the tortilla. It was perfect for me and pretty tasty. I know others were underwhelmed. I wouldn't \not\"""" eat there again if others were going but I think I would rather try restaurants with a stronger point of view anc commitment to excellence."""""""
Arcadia tavern is just ok.  The food is decent.  I had a tridip.  It was great.  Drink selection was also decent. The big problem I had was the seating.  They seated us in the back near the childrens play area.  Not so desirable.  I felt like I had to be careful of everything I was saying. I don't understand why so many places need to be valet, and this place is no different.  I'm sure I'll go back, but I'm not running out the door.
Went here the other day for a slice and some wings. I had heard good things about this place, and based on the awards and accolades hanging on the wall, my expectations were pretty high. The pizza is nowhere near award-winning. Not sure who is voting for these, but it's obvious they've never had a good slice of pizza. I'm by no means a pizza snob, but I've definitely had better and definitely had worse. The pizza and wings were both just OK. I can't justify eating average pizza while paying such high prices. Ordered a $5 pepperoni slice and they were not generous at all with the pepperoni. I'd rather go somewhere with comparable pizza and reasonable prices than come here. Would only come back here if I had a great coupon or if someone else paid.
"""is it because I have been to Venice, that I had to rate this place a 3?  Since I have particularly good taste, and know how to cook, I tend to be very critical of meals that I can reproduce myself, thusly leading to a more acute assessment of taste and experience. With all that being said (pats self on back) I just can't recommend Veneto Trattoria for those with discerning taste. Food aside, the decor, atmosphere, and location are nothing special. The service however is excellent, as our waiter scored 2 points for the wine and dessert recommendation, besides he had an Italian accent, and and old world charm that I couldn't help but like.  Ok, so back to the food. The dish I had, a homemade egg noodle pasta dish, with a variety of fish and shellfish, in white wine scampi sauce, was good. Not, great, but good. I have made a better seafood pasta, and the portion was pretty small, so I had to resort to dipping fresh bread in the sauce. (which really isn't so bad) I even finished my dates lasagna, which tasted exactly like Chef Boyardee. I thought to myself out loud \either Chef Boyardee is a genius and has captured the taste of traditional Italian lasagna, or this lasagna just isn't very good. Either way the wine and dessert were superb. So would I recommend this place to someone? Perhaps for dessert and wine, but I am sure you can get a similar experience elsewhere that serves better entrees. I most likely won't go back, but had a great time anyway, with my date. \n\nClassic moment: after hearing a cough repeatedly coming from outside the restaurant, I couldn't help but look. The cough was deep, penetrating, and harsh like the sound a ship's hull makes as it crashes into large waves. It was brooding.  As I turned around to look at this poor old man, dying of cancer, coughing while waiting for Death himself to come, I was shocked to see this 12 year old sitting at a table in front of Starbucks, hacking away!  Wow, that kid can cough, can someone get him a cough drop. \""""RICOOOOOLLLLLLAAAA\"""" I wondered if he had the lasagna."""""""
Location = awesome\nPatio = awesome\nFood = really good\nDrinks = really good\nPrices = are you kidding me expensive\n\nThat kind of sums it up. I love this place and all it's character, but every time I've gone I'm flabbergasted by the prices on items. I've eaten at plenty of fancier Mexican restaurants and this has got to be 25% higher than normal. That said - if they can charge it and stay busy then good for them :-)\n\nIt's cool how they make all their own tortillas and switch out the flavors all the time, and the variety of margaritas is impressive.\n\nFundido dip appetizer - yum! Rib were good, a bit dry. Tortilla soup - just ok. Tacos are delish and big enough for two.\n\nI guess in summary it's a great restaurant but you'll drop a pretty penny on dinner.
T.G.I. Friday's is another place I liked much better when I was younger. Now it seems too expensive for what it is. We didn't even get good service at this location and one of my friends who is a waitress herself was especially ticked off by this. \n\nOn the other hand the brownie we had was very memorable and I couldn't get enough of it. It's still a pretty good restaurant, but its not one of my favorites anymore like it used to be.
Mmmmm breakfast.  Harlow's is a good small-town-feeling type of breakfast joint.  Their menu boasts their heritage of family owners, and the items on the menu are displayed in the style of an old movie poster.  I ordered a 2 egg plate with toast and a juice, it was a simple breakfast because I wasn't very hungry, but they did it well.  The waitress was confusing because she tried to explain that the juice I got was bigger than the one that comes with my meal, and I could order another juice or just pay an upgrade price.  The way she said it made less sense though, and we ordered another juice and then while she was still at our table, changed our minds because we finally understood what she meant.  She seemed to have attitude before that incident, but afterwards she definitely had attitude.  The restaurant was good enough, I think the service could have been better, but all in all it was not bad.
In a rush to get a quick lunch while in the area we opted to go here over the Paradise Bakery down the street.   While the food was ok and i'm all for supporting a small locally owned business we walked away a little disappointed. \n\nThey focus on all types of breads including a variety of loaves, rolls, and some baked goods.  The also offer the usual lunch options of sandwiches, soups, and salads (premade).  Tried 1/2 chicken salad sandwich on some sort of raisin bread and a chicken noodle salad and 1 drink.  Both were not bad but also not memorable or unique in any way.  Service was  so-so as you got the impression that they were just focused on finishing up lunch service so they could close shop.  In their haste to get orders out they rang up ours wrong and forgot the roll and dressing. \n\nOverall seemed kinda pricey at $18 considering what we ordered and the competition. And unless the weather is nice enough to sit outside there is only seating for 8 or so. Nothing really unique about this place and can neither endorse nor oppose going to this place.  Give me a few days and i will probably forget about this place.
If this was a review simply for the food I would give this place five stars. I LOVE Mellow Mushroom pizza. The crust is simply amazing and their pizza choices are amazing. Red Skin Potato Pie? YUM! The sandwiches and appetizers here are really great too. \n\nIf this was a review simply for the delivery I would say four stars with one star off for not offering any drinks for delivery. Pizza's just not meant to go with water and we don't keep any soda at home. Although we did one time luck out with a guy who was kind enough to send two cola's over in plastic to-go cups. Thank you guy!\n\nIt's the service at the establishment itself that brings the score down to three stars for me. The first time we actually went to eat here was earlier this year after my mom had just flown in for a visit and was ready for dinner after a long flight. Since this place is close to where we live and I already loved the food from the few times we've ordered it I suggested we stop in. The food was good but while my mom and I ordered appetizers and received our food in a decent amount of time my poor boyfriend waited forever for his small pizza. By the time we got it we had to have been there about an hour and he ended up getting a box for it right away so we could finally go.\n\nThe second time we went with a group of friends and the service was better this time around but I have to say the noise from the bar area kind of put me off from wanting to go back in. Picking up from the location is a bit annoying as well, as we had to go back to the loud bar area and try to catch a bartenders attention so we could pay for our order while he fetched the pizza. Granted I know that on a Saturday night a noisy bar is to be expected but I think we'll stick to delivery from now on when we want to enjoy this delicious pizza.
If this Del Taco was only open from 10pm-6am, I am confident it would still be profitable. The after hours rush of drunk college kids is so large it is difficult to find a table Friday or Saturday night around 2am. One time, when I was there around 1:30am on a Friday, a kid grabbed the microphone that the employees dictate orders into and started freestyle rapping. Don't tell me you can't get that kind of action at Taco Bell. Most of my trips occur around 1am on weekdays, so I miss the rush. \n\nThe food, well, what can I say, it tastes amazing. It should though, since most items take a grease bath and effectively use tortillas as towels to soak up the tastyness and lock it in. I prefer the Chicken Chedder Quesadilla. Also, Tuesdays are for tacos, I think you can get 3 for .99 cents. \n\nDel Taco is one of those BAT joints. What is a BAT joint you ask? Better After Ten. This means most of the time you will find it to be most desirable after 10pm. Some of my other BAT restaurants include Filiberto's and Jack in the Box. \n\nOh yea, and despite the frequent presence of unkempt drunk college kids, this Del Taco has good service and is quite clean inside.
This place is good for what it is...a space-themed diner in Gila Bend. I had the reuben and fries. I wanted to try the Mexican food but when I asked the staff about it, they looked frightened for me. Seeing the fear on their faces when I inquired about Mexican food, I knew it was best to stay away from that portion of the menu!\n\nI don't know if I'll ever come back unless accompanying someone who is as curious as I was. It's worth stopping in but don't expect anything too phenomenal.
I hate to give this place only 3 stars, because the atmosphere is comfortable and cozy and the staff will remember you from visit to visit, but the quality of the drinks varies too much for my liking. There is wi-fi, tables inside and out and, even computers available for customer use. This place is never too busy and service is fast.\n\nBUT.......My first time in gave me 5 star service and 2 star bubble tea (which btw comes in a smoothie form, different from traditional bubble tea). I prefer to frequent local establishments, so I gave it another go the following week. I had a wonderful espresso in a serene environment , and ended up studying peacefully for about 3 hours. The homey, comfortable couch called me back this past weekend for another study sessions, but I ended up disappointed with an Americano that was too watered down. I think the quality of the drink is dependent on the server, which is sad because this place is sooooo close to me. Give it a try, but be sure to let me know how your drink was, please! May the coffee God's be watching over you on your visit, amen.
Ok, went back a second time and had an almost identical experience.  Food was still very good, but had not changed at all.\n\nI've downgraded my rating because after having my soup the second time I still believe the soup broth is understated and really would like them to up their beefiness.  Again, for some the lack of depth may be a refreshing and light meal, but I like my Pho broth bolder.    \n\nThe food quality is really good and I may update again as I make my way through the menu.  But considering Pho is a reason many people go for Vietnamese, I am desiring more...
I really try not to give people gifts that I actually want for myself, it's just that my taste in all things is so damn good, I can't help but feel they too will lust after the same things I do. Which is why my husband ended up with a white Holga last Christmas. If you're unfamiliar, it's a toy film camera from China with a cult following among photo nerds due to its completely unpredictable results. The good news is he loved it and it's lots of fun to play with. The bad news is you have to actually go to a store to buy specialty film (medium format, we usually go with 120).\n\nI have been familiar with Tempe Camera since I was a wee community college girl, taking Photo classes at MCC. Back then, you could (I'm pretty sure, though I've put my brain cells through a lot in 10 years) buy film and also get it processed there. Now, they only sell cameras/accessories and film (they also rent and repair cameras and equipment). On my first trip back in several years, I came armed with a sheet of paper of all the 120 format film I was going to test out in my (ahem ... my HUSBAND's) new camera. B&W, color, 800 speed, 200 speed, I was ready to try it all. Too bad they only had ONE brand of medium format color film and only in one speed (Kodak Vivid Color 400) and two B&W speeds (200 and 400 in FUJI) available. And I'm pretty sure I got the very last roll of color they had on hand with no more on their way (I asked if they had some coming in soon or not). I'm sure 120 film isn't a huge seller, but I certainly hoped a specialty camera store for professionals would have a moderately well-stocked selection. I've returned about four more times to buy more 120 film and it's usually about the same selection.\n\nAs for their customer service, I've never had a problem. They could be a tad friendlier and it would have been great if they offered suggestions or tips on films for the Holga, especially when I kept asking for films they didn't have (for all I know, I'm a dum dum and the films I wanted look like crap with a Holga, and the ones they keep stocked work the best with these cameras). I can't speak to their film prices since I wouldn't even know where else to get medium format film (except online and the prices there seem comparable once you factor shipping). So in conclusion, for my needs they a-ok.
"""I went to fascinations today to look for a few bachlorette party games for this weekend. This store is a much smaller version than the other stores in the valley, so keep that in mind if you are looking for rows of bondage...\n\nThe sales girl (who looked like a tiny version of Shane from the L Word) was very helpful and pointed me in the direction of the games and other bridal crap. The selection was feeble and the prices were high. (8$ for a pack of penis straws, $15 for a pack of cards, $10+ for other varieties of penis junk). I bought a few items and continued to look around the store. They had DVD's 1/2 off which was cool and they had a decent selection of \dress up\"""" clothes. One nice thing about this location is that there were not a bunch of creepy guys milling around. If you do plan on hitting up this store I would wait a week or so. The club upstairs from them sprung a leak and came through their ceiling and soaked everything.. It smelled like a sewer.. They are working on airing it out but it made a not so pleasant shopping experience."""""""
Outside Architecture = Stunning. The inside of the rooms is nothing special. For the high price you can find better hotels in the area.\n\nI stayed in a cottage house. They're almost 100 years old and express unique, aesthetically pleasing architecture. The age shows when you come inside. I had to waste an hour getting the door unlocked several time because either my plastic or physical key weren't working. This hassle with no upgrade is what really drove my dissatisfaction.\n\nThe pools here are expansive and feature multiple Jacuzzi's. The SPA is fantastic, i ordered a 80minute full body massaged and mud wrap to reward myself for the hard work of writing mba essay applications and feel completely relaxed.\n\nMy favorite thing about staying here was the mountain bike ride i took with my guide chip. We went super-fast for three hours down rocky ravines. It was exhilarating. If it's your first time doing it though you're bound to get bruised. Only go if you've Mt. biked a few times before as you'll find the course technically challenging.\n\nRestaurants are solid. Go for the fine dining restaurant Wright if you get the chance. Lobby beer selection is acceptable with four microbrews on tap but needs more high gravity selections. DO NOT order food delivered to your room. There is a ridiculous $10 fee and the restaurant is a 2 minute walk. I paid $25 for Scrambled eggs... ridiculous.\n\nI had a great time, thanks Landauer & IDN conference. I would not comeback here on my own unless extensive room upgrades were made.
"""At $.39 an ounce this is another pay as you go self serve yogurt shop to hit the valley. They have the usual suspects, tart, vanilla and also several different \skinny\"""" versions which are \""""no sugar, which means they don't add any but does contain sugar, so beware. On my visit they were out of 'skinny blueberry.. rats!\n\nHad a cup of the skinny yogurt.. again the cups are huge much like Yogurtology so you can over indulged quite easily. I was ready this time and only took just a little bit. The topping bar look great though nothing to really set it apart from the other place with the exception of the fruit looking and tasting fresher. \n\nWhile there is no \""""skinny\"""" tart version, the vanilla was decent enough with only a slight weird chemical after taste."""""""
I love you Man!!! is the movie I went to see last night at this theater.\n\nSo I go to this place because it is close to my house is really never that crowded, there are two reasons why this place does not get a hirer rating.\n\n1. It is usually pretty dirty and could use better clean up  I would even go as far to say I think this place could maybe use a good remodel. Also the men's restroom always smell like some homeless guy pissed on the floor and then the janitor pissed in a bucket and used his piss to mop up the homeless guys piss...to put it plainly it smells like piss...seriously dudes...how hard is it to piss in urinal...take another step closer to the god damn thing for crying out loud!!!!\n\n2. I don't think I will ever get over the fact that the price of popcorn or any thing at the theater is marked up 7000% over actual retail. And with the quality of American cinema today just overall ticket prices are fucking ridiculous, I remember when I was a young whippersnapper no one ever walked out of a movie...now I see that shit all the time..because some of the movies suck so bad...you feel dumber after watching them.\n\nSo this place get three stars...for being close, that fact that it is never uber busy and not all the movies suck.
While some friends and I were looking for a place to eat before our movie at Scottsdale 101 we decided to try White Chocolate Grill. This restaurant has a very sleek modern look and the inside is very dark as if trying to create more intimacy at the tables. The menu offers mostly sandwiches, burgers,  various meats, and some salads. I was not in the mood for meat, but was to hungry for a salad so this put me in a bit of a dilemma. Finally I decided to order the club sandwich with a side choice of steamed broccoli. The broccoli was actually my favorite thing I ordered. It was steamed perfectly and sprinkled with what I believe was Parmesan cheese and some sort of red pepper. It was really delicious! My sandwich was really good as well, but I thought it was a little pricey. Later we followed our meal with a molten chocolate souffl. The souffl was amazing and came out with a layer of white chocolate around it. There were many other white chocolate dessert items going along with the restaurants name such as a white chocolate brownie. I also had a taste of their white chocolate raspberry cheesecake, but it was a bit to tart for my liking. The restaurant was a bit fancier and pricier then what I was expecting, and although the atmosphere was very nice, there was not enough items on the menu that I was interested in to go back soon.
"""Kona Grill is good but a little overpriced. The exception to this rule is if you can get a table during happy hour. That's a big \IF\"""" as there never seems to be enough seating and happy hour does not apply to the main restaurant area. However, if you can score a seat, the HH menu is great and we consistently munch on the veggie rolls and avocado egg rolls. I would give them a higher rating we were able to enjoy their happy hour more often."""""""
"""I still like this place.  It's just that sometimes you get a GREAT student and other times just an OK one.  But they are students and they ARE learning and they need to practice.  My face is just too sensitive to take a chance with students.  The second time I went for a facial, the girl wasn't as skilled and squeezed my pores too much leaving marks (I scar VERY easily).  \n\nOn my 3rd visit, I decided to ditch the facials and try a chemical peel.  It had been years and a recent bout of breakouts had left some scarring.  I appreciate their \better to be safe then sorry\"""" approach but it turned out to be a very mild peel.  I had wanted something stronger.  I decided I can do the same type of peel at home using a similar solution online.  I DON'T RECOMMEND ANYONE ELSE TO DO THIS.  I used to do chemical peels on myself years ago, so I know when to remove the solution.  Otherwise I would still suggest people check SWINA out for facial treatments.  Some of the students are really good and it is a very soothing environment."""""""
Visiting from the San Franciso Bay Area, very impressed to have this veg oasis not far from our hotel.  We arrived only 10 minutes before they stopped serving lunch, and they had everything ready really quickly - about 10 minutes:  rice paper rolls, lemongrass faux chicken, a vegetable curry chow mein, and brown rice to go.  The lemongrass dish, while a bit meager  -- 13 bite-sized pieces of deep-fried yumminess on a piece of lettuce -- was really tasty.  The rice paper rolls were uninspiring.  The chow mein was okay.  The brown rice was exceptionally good.
Chase Field is nice. There is nothing overly special or memorable about it other than it is easy to get to and parking is a breeze.\n\nI've been to five games at Chase Field in the past year and I am still amazed on how easy it is to get to the stadium and park. I always get off the I-10 at 7th Avenue which perhaps helps. We've parked in parking garages three or four blocks from the stadium for $5! That is crazy cheap. This past Saturday, we parked at a meter...for free! Most cities would have covered the meters forcing you to park in a $15 garage. Even when we came for NLDS Game #1 in October, we parked in a garage easily for $8. Traffic after the game is never a problem either...I think it's because fans start leaving in the 7th inning.\n\nThe wide concourses are nice and allow foot traffic to flow smoothly. The bathrooms are large with plenty of stalls and I have never once waited in a line. Most stadiums you are guaranteed to miss at least a half inning if not more when you make the crucial decision to use the restroom...not at Chase Field. I don't think I've missed more than one batter. The concession lines move quickly and there are lots of options. Prices are your average ballpark prices.  One of my grips about Chase Field is that there is nothing overly special about the food or beer selection...sure you can get sushi, but that isn't special. At Camden Yards there is Boog Powell's BBQ; PNC Park in Pittsburgh has Primanti Brothers and Yuengling; etc.  I've sat in a variety of locations (bleachers twice; first base side twice and third base side once) and every seat offers a great view. Chase Field has a small stadium feel so I always feel right on top of the action.\n\nI don't get the fans though. People show up really late (like fourth inning) and leave in the seventh. Is this is an Arizona thing because I noticed the same thing at ASU football games this past fall (people show up in the second quarter and leave by the third). I will say for the NLDS game we were at, the Dbacks fans were loud and the atmosphere was electric. I just wish that sentiment would carry throughout the year. I mean, the Dbacks are good this season. It's a shame they aren't getting more fans to the games to cheer them on!\n\nOh and the roof...don't get me started on that! Just once I want to go to a game where the roof is open. I understand it gets hot here but on a Saturday or Sunday afternoon in late April/early May, it would just be nice to have the roof open. Baseball is meant to be played outdoors, but that's just me.\n\n3 stars for an average baseball park. Not the worst I have been to but not the best.
I am not the biggest fan of fast food ever. But I really like Five Guys and this location is superb! \n\nThey have really yummy fries and they give you so many! Like your bag overflows with the greasy buggers. Say what? Yeah they are really greasy. But good!\n\nThe burgers are really quite the bang for your buck too! Not the best burgers in the world but it is fast food not gourmet burgers. Be considerate for what you are eating and enjoy it for what it is. \n\nThe pop machines are radical. You can pretty much have flavoured any beverage you like. \n\nThe staff here is really friendly and that is a plus anywhere you go!
This is the type of place I really love and usually give 5 stars to.  It's my kind of place (an out of the way dive)... but alas, I was not thrilled for several reasons.  Upon entering I did not smell the tasty meats simmering and cooking.  Instead, my nose was hit with incense burning.  The owner said she was burning incense to attract customers.  Apparently it was a spiritual thing.... like a rain dance during a drought.  Don't get me wrong, I grew up in the seventies and I can appreciate the odor of burning incense... although usually we burned incense to hide the smell of other burning substances... anyway, I digress.... when I eat in a restaurant I want to smell the cooking and the food.... not burning incense.  I thought the meats tasted great.  The little lumpia egg rolls were a true treat.  I loved them.\nUnfortunately, my brother and I both experienced some digestive flip flops after our lunch.  Despite that, I'm still going back and may have to edit this review.  I'm still rooting for this place.
"""I have to disagree with Chris W., because I think that the Phoenix Improv Festival is no where near the quality of Chicago's Sketchfest.  However, the prices are more than fair: how can you beat three performances for $15.00!?  That is cheaper than a movie, and SO MUCH more fun!\n\nI attended both the 7 PM and 9:30 PM shows on April 18, 2009 (for a total of six performances), and without a doubt (and of no surprise to me) I was most pleased with WeirDass.  Most of you will know Stephnie Weir from MADtv.  I was doubly pleased because I had not expected any, what I would call, \headliners.\""""\n\nThough I think there is a huge opportunity to market the Festival to the masses that is being overlooked...all in all, I think the Festival has the potential to become great."""""""
This place can get really awesome or really dull dependent on one solitary man resembling a leprechaun with a filthy mouth and penchant for calling out mouthy toolbags, all while playing the guitar and happily caroling away in Irish drinking hymnals.  It can get really crowded, which makes standing really tedious and plants a target on your big forehead for the leprechaun to abuse.  On St. Paddy's Day, this place is chaos, and like most other forced holidays is not worth getting into the carnival atmosphere just to say you did it.  Cash-only holidays get old in a hurry.
I was surprised to see how packed this place was at 9 pm on a Sunday night. There were only two tables that were open, just because people had left a couple minutes prior. That was a pretty good sign of things to come.\n\nI wasn't sure of what to expect from this place cuisine wise, as I was hoping for Vietnamese food but all the places on Camelback were closed. Some sort of Asian cuisine was needed, and CherryBlossom seemed like our only option.\n\nWe came in, got our tofu Pad Thai and shrimp lettuce wraps. The food came out promptly, but I'm guessing that's because they half-assed it food wise. The shrimp lettuce wraps were incredibly gritty, and I felt like I was eating small rocks. The Pad Thai has way too much fish sauce, which overpowered the whole dish. The food wasn't too bad, but definitely didn't live up to all of the rave reviews.\n\nService was prompt, and the food was cheap, so that's a plus.
I was going to give Jeepney Bistro a 4 star review until my most recent visit this past Sunday. The food needs to be kept warm instead of at room temperature plus the taste of the food wasn't the greatest on my last visit. So after at least a half dozen times patronizing Jeepney Bistro I'm just going to say that sometimes it's great and sometimes not so good. Anybody can have a bad day. I would rate this restaurant at 3.5 stars.\n\nWhen things are right, the Caldereta, Menudo, Adoba and Sinigang are delicious. I usually take some food home to eat during the week.
I find it funny that I've been to Phoenix about 9u79q87909qut09qw8r09 times yet every time has been only in some portion of this airport /airport tram. Anyway...\n\nI ate here at El Bravo on March 29, 2010. It was around 8 ish o'clock and let's face it, there's not a ton of places to chose from to eat when you're waiting on your flight to board. I had a 2 hour layover and I didn't want Chinese or Wendy's so this was my only choice. I was so hungry as I had a slice of sausage and a glass of water only that day. \n\nIt ticked me off that while Wendy's and the Chinese restaurant share a fountain machine to get drinks out of, yet when I asked for a cup of tap water here, free at EVERY restaurant pretty much, I was told I had to buy an overpriced bottle of water - they don't share the water spout of the fountain machine with the two other restaurants. Grrr. I wish I would have just asked for a cup and went to the water fountain next to the bathrooms since I can suck down a bottle of water in 3 or 4 gulps. I'm a water feign. \n\nThe tortilla soup wasn't much of a soup, it was more the consistency of of paste or oatmeal. If it was any thicker, you may be able to eat it with a fork. Luckily, it had a really nice flavor and was not loaded with cumin! The loaded nachos were overpriced ($8+) since they didn't contain any delicious animal flesh of the beef or chicken varieties.
Made the mistake of going here right at the stroke of 12PM... lines around the block. At first I thought they were giving away free stuff... but no such luck on my part.\n\nIf you have ever eaten at a Chipotle before, this is going to be no great surprise when I tell you... Its the same as every other place!\n\nIf you have never eaten here before...\nThe burritos are HUGE! The prices are very reasonable for the amount of food you get. And the food was fresh and hot.\n\nI had a burrito bowl with 1/2 carnitas and 1/2 barbacoa beef. Yum.\n\nThis location does have outdoor seating which was nice today. \n\nI also enjoy reading the cutsie messages they put on their cups.
This was my third visit to this location. I went for date night for my third visit and must say it's a good deal, but service was lousy.  We were seated quickly and served drinks. Was told the appetizer of raviolis came with six but only five were on the plate when served. Salads were good but chopped celery in a caesar salad? The Margherita pizza was ok. The cheese was unevenly distributed on the pizza and the sauce did not cover the crust evenly. speaking of crust, the outer edge was very bulky and burnt. Everyone working seemed to be in a hurry to get their sidework done and get out. No teamwork from other servers as far as bussing and saying hello to guests other than their own. Our server seemed lost or frazzled. Might go back but this could be a typical crash and burn place as far as service.
"""The looks of the place is pretty cool they have music blaring outside as you walk up. I hate the line set up as if your waiting to check in to a hotel, plane, or waiting for a ride at an amusement park. The staff was totally friendly and attentive until we needed something like another drink or ketchup. \n\nThe desk seating w office chairs might be ok if you're a tall person but for a shorty like me or kids this won't work if you want to actually see a movie! Being a parent here to see The Muppets w the kid I noticed this problem immediately. Its not a good view the desk part comes up too high. We had to opt for the theater seats they are big and roomy but you def lose closeness here. Forget watching scary movies and hiding your face in your boyfriends shoulder. Forget a make out session w your secret lover! No cuddling here either! Heck you'll be lucky if you even get to hold hands through all this! If you are more than a party of 2 say goodbye to everyone else because they will be too far away to even see although they're just 2 seats away! \n\nThey claim you press the button and someone will be with you immediately and before the movie starts I totally agree. I REALLY like how right before the movie started they prompt you to turn \OFF\"""" your phones AND if your child becomes disruptive to step out of the theater! How many movies have you sat through wishing someone would say that??? \n\nI was not shocked at the price of food, it is Scottsdale after all. I ordered the Margharita pizza, the man ordered Cesar w grilled Chicken, and the little had a cheeseburger meal. The beer was cheap I thought so why not some Shiner Bock on tap. Our pints came back w no head idk about you but who doesn't like a little head?!?!?! \n\nThe food didn't take too long and wasn't so quick either which I didn't mind so much it made me tink they were cooking my food at least. The kid devoured her burger and fries so that got her approval but let's be honest kids will eat anything even McDonald's! Am I right??? My pizza came out piping hot and it was good to go in my belly. I would have liked a little more tomatoes and basil and a little less grease just my opinion. Take it or leave it. The salads are GINORMOUS keep this in mind and ask for extra extra dressing so you don't run out and have to sit there looking at your salad for 15 mins waiting for someone to bring you more! Assuming your options for your salad are either fried or grilled chicken you may think you are getting some kind of HOT meat on it. Well it's not the grilled chicken was cold and while there was a lot of it looked like shredded chicken that's prob not so fresh if you catch my drift. \n\nIt is kind of annoying people walking back and forth the whole time and while there is more space between you and other people it still gets distracting. I'll blame my last issue on Mercury being retro, when the check came and they doddled off the pen did not work. I scribbled for 5 mins and gave up. When the movie was over and we got back into light I realized my hands were covered in ink in fact I still have some 2 days later. I wouldn't go here for a good movie that you really need to get into. For family time it's ok I suggest eating at home and ordering some some popcorn, dessert, and drinks!"""""""
Since I go here so much, I should give this a higher rating, but I'm sticking with three stars.\n\nPros: loyalty cups ($4.75 to get the cup, $1 refills for the rest of the year), convenient location, stadium seating, decent amount of showings after 8pm.\n\nCons: The people at the ticket booth are usually pretty rude to me, but kill my friends with kindness.\n\nUnless you want to spend a bit of money on food or eat fast food, there's really nothing to eat around the theatre when you go past 8pm. Buffalo Wild Wings used to be right next door, but it's closed.\n\nThis is a weekend hotspot for middle and high school kids, mostly high school kids. So if you don't feel like dealing with them, avoid this place like the plague on Friday and Saturday nights.\n\nThe parking lot is an absolute nightmare. As soon as people enter it, they completely forget how to drive.\n\nIn the summer, I still have to wear long pants and a sweater or else I die of hypothermia in the theatre. Then I step outside and die from heat stroke.
Sonic is one of the better fast food chains out there. They offer a different selection like tater tots, grilled cheese sandwich, and you can make your own flavored soda or slushies! I really never had a bad meal, and I like the nostalgic drive in! Their crew seems to be very friendly, and haven't had a wrong order yet. I'm not much into this place but since the wife gets her way all the time, and she is a grilled cheese person. Well I really don't have to say anything else! You get the picture!!!
"""I probably wouldn't book here again for a couple of reasons...but first the positives.  Nice rooms with only minor maintenance issues in the bathroom (peeling wallpaper).  Nice beds, great seclusion with very little noise despite very noisy neighbors...I could hear them when in the hall, but not when in our room.  The valets are very good.  Now, the other stuff:  the front desk staff was in need of some training.  They asked if I wanted a room on the first second or third floor and when I said first floor they said \well, we don't have any on the first floor\"""".  Then the resort fee which entitles you to \""""free\"""" stuff.  Word to management:  if you are charging for it, it ain't 'free'.  Then you can add on charges easily, like $10 if you want to swim in an adults only pool.  That's 10 bucks for 2 people.  Or, the resort could just post that one pool is adults only.  5 bucks for bottled water in your room.  The ice is free.  Its a nice resort, just expect that you'll have to watch out for all the extra stuff they throw in."""""""
We saw Goldmans Deli when we went to Albertson's one night, so we decided to try it for lunch today.\n\nOrdered the Turkey Club with wheat bread, and it was delicious!! 4 huge slices filled with turkey, tomato, romaine salad, kosher bacon. It came with a side of french fries and that was yummy. For the sandwiches, you get a choice between coleslaw, potato salad, chips or french fries. \n\nIt was a little pricey for sandwich, it was $9.99 but it was delicious & worth it! It's hidden in the Albertson's plaza all the way on the right side. \n\nAlso, if you order under $5 and charge to a credit card there is a small fee of $0.35.
Basha's is a decent grocery.  Locally owned (as opposed to a national chain).  Decent produce, decent meat.  There's nothing really special about the place.  But the employees are generally friendly and helpful.\n\nWe tend to go where the sales are.  No allegiance to any specific store.  Basha's sometimes has really good sales, and sometimes not.  Just watch for the ads in the mail.\n\nThis particular location has a Chinese restaurant in it.  It's the only one I know of that does.  The food there isn't bad (though we did not have any on this visit).  Not great, but not bad.
I thought the food was really good here. I went just like everyone else because of Diners, Drive-in's and Dives and some other local input. I can't even tell you how long we waited. It was unbelievable. The quality was good and the price was great. I would have given it 4 stars if we didn't wait outside for at least 2 hours. The place only holds like 5 tables so the service better be good. We have not been back because it's hard to justify that length of time waiting to eat.
"""I am definitely a fan of Jamba Juice -- but haven't had them in a while, they are unfortunately loaded with sugar. \n\nBut I never knew this location was here! I spotted it after a nearby reflexology appt the other day, and knew that I needed to treat myself. \n\nThe smoothie tasted as good as it always does.... it's just that the service at this location is a 180 from every other JJ I've been too. \n\nNo friendly \Welcome to Jamba Juice\"""" greeting when I walked in the door. Instead it was 3 guys w/ attitude.... and one which was super slow at making the smoothies (he's probably new I think). \n\nI will probably go back here, now that I know this location is here. But... hopefully the staff is friendlier next time."""""""
Dwaeji bulgogi was very good, a tad fatty but flavorful. The pan fried dumplings were much better in the sauce but were still kinda meh. Granted, we were there at lunch time and weren't able to get the full-on BBQ-at-your-table experience. The extras they give definitely gave you a tour of Korean cuisine, though I have to say their kimchi was kind of flavorless and didn't have any heat whatsoever. \n\nThe large TV playing afternoon sitcom reruns did lower the class value of the place, considering I didn't see any kids running around, I'm not sure who all they had it on for.
I absolutely love going to Mabel's. The atmosphere is cool, the decor is outstanding, and the service is killer.\n\nThe biggest challenge for me, though, is that the atmosphere and decor don't always match the entertainment. The interior is dark, and designed with luscious leather furniture, gorgeous mirrors and artwork on the walls and the chandeliers are to die for. Everything screams vintage classic cigar and brandy room, in which patrons should be able to relax and enjoy a drink and civilized conversation with friends.\n\nUnfortunately, this doesn't happens. On weekend nights, the place is packed, sometimes with a line out the door, and there is a DJ blasting hip-hop hits. Because of this, patrons can't hear servers or friends. This entertainment doesn't match the atmosphere at all.\n\nIf there is to be music, it should be quieter, perhaps a small club band or solo guitarist.\n\nOther than that, though, I do really enjoy this bar.
"""I first tried Gordon Biersch in San Diego and fell in love with the salmon caesar salad. Now I'm in Tempe and I have been to that location well over 10 times. I will go there for the salmon caesar, but will never stray from my usual order ever again. Unless it's just to pick up a quick order of garlic fries. Those are just yummy!\n\nMy friend who introduced me to the place has finally come up with what should be their slogan.... and after going through the latest experiences with them I might have to agree with her. \Gordon Biersch. We'll just serve you what we want.\""""\n\nLet me explain based on my last dining excursion there. My last 3-4 have been about the same.\n\nI arrive with my favorite carnivore who is also my best friend. We are seated promptly and receive our water with no wait. That's always good and they are good at doing this. She orders a burger as she has done for the last 3-4 times. She tells them she wants it medium. I told her she should have said rare because the last several times it came back well done. I strayed from my usual order of salmon caesar and ordered the crab cake sandwich. I asked her if she could substitute the lemon aioli for the tartar sauce, she said sure. I then asked if my garlic fries could be extra crispy and extra garlic and my friend said she didn't want hers that way. Waitress said no problem....\n\nWe get our orders. Burger? Well done again, not even close to medium. Fries for my friend? Extra crispy. Crab Sandwich? I had to ask her what the sauce was because it didn't look like the lemon aioli they serve with the appetizer and it didn't look like tartar sauce either. Her response? \""""Oh that's our cajun sauce.\"""" WTH? No asking if I want it? Luckily, I was ok with it. My fries? I got my extra garlic, but they were a little soggy instead of extra crispy.  My friend and I were swapping fries.\n\nWe ordered dessert. Should have known better. They don't make their desserts there. That's apparent. The chocolate cake was really dry and their bread pudding was just disappointing (according to my friend). Thank heavens for the vanilla ice cream.... but I could pay much less at DQ.\n\nI will continue to go there for the garlic fries because addicts need to get their fix too. I've learned not to stray from my usual order. Their salmon is never over salted, and always cooked perfectly."""""""
This is like 2 3/4 stars..\n\nThe food was good. I had a chicken burrito and the place reminded me alot of chipotle which I like.  In fact, I think the idea was kind of lifted from chipotle.  But the burrito was very good.  I of course love burritos so I am not that picky.  \n\nI did not like the fact that they nickel and dimed you for extras.  I dont understand why places do that nowadays. If it matters that much raise the price 75 cents and say put anything you want in it.  If you have a bunch of choices and they are making the burrito in front of you and you are choosing all the options then nickel and diming is a good way to turn away alot of people.  Especially when you have Jersey Mikes the greatest sub chain in history right next door.\n\nwould go back but just because Im a sucker for burritos.
"""\If you build it, they will come\"""" - but maybe not to Chase Field, well... unless the team is winning of course. But even then, they will only come depending on the food options and free promotions available to them on that particular day. \n \nAlright Diamondbacks Nation... well maybe not nation, maybe Diamondbacks fans? Nope, there aren't enough of you for that title either. What about supporters? Maybe groupies? Well whatever you're called, where are you? You've got one gorgeous baseball field and a World Series title, yet this stadium sits lifelessly in the Arizona desert.\n \nIt's sad actually. Chase Field is gorgeous, and dare I say... breathtaking. Stretching far and wide across the Phoenix skyline, Chase Field stands tall among the buildings that call downtown Phoenix home. This technological work of art brought baseball to the desert, and that's quite a feat. Even some of baseballs greatest players, like The Big Unit for example, have called it home. Sparkling clean and strategically situated for easy access and parking, Chase Field calls out to \""""D-Backs fans\"""" - begging them to venture though its towering gated entrance to seek sanctuary within its cool climate controlled atmosphere. All of the vendors, ushers and ballpark staff at this stadium are also welcoming, helpful and friendly. There isn't a bad seat at Chase Field. The view is virtually perfect from every angle. Yet the seats remain fan-less. \n \nI do understand part of the reason why fans don't flock to Chase Field. An empty stadium is a common transplant state/expansion team symptom, like the desolate Tropicana Field for example. Most people in Arizona probably aren't even \""""D-Backs fans\"""". I get that. I'm not one. But even I pay more attention to the action at Chase Field and have more admiration of its beauty than a majority of those \""""D-Backs fans.\"""" \n\nIt is as if \""""D-Backs fans\"""" are confused, and they think Chase Field is an indoor shopping mall - because in between the shopping, the food, the activities, the awful emcee that talks in between innings, the dancing and the trivia games, none of the \""""D-Backs fans\"""" seem to have time to watch baseball.  \n\nSo \""""D-Backs fans\"""" - you need to up your appreciation level for the game. It's the roar of the crowd that brings a stadium to life. Team pride is what makes or breaks a ballpark's atmosphere. And when you are talking on your phone through an entire at bat, standing up right in the middle of a crucial pitch to get more ballpark chow or allowing your children to turn empty seats into their own personal jungle gym or hide and go seek game, why even come to the stadium? Go to the mall or visit a park for that matter. Regardless of whether you're in first place or last place, this is your team in your city. It's not enjoyable to see such beauty go to waste. So stop swimming in your indoor ballpark pool (I still can't believe how tacky that pool looks in the outfield), worry about what ice cream extravaganza you are going to stuff your face with later, and let's watch some baseball! \n \nIt's called game time \""""D-Backs fans\"""", not play time."""""""
Oh, Clarendon...your atmosphere is fun and your location is great for a little staycation. Two things you really need to work on:  your $20 facility fee is a joke for the services you provide. Justifying covered parking, in room coffee and newspaper as just a few things that go along with this fee is really stretching it. I'd pay $20 for a fee at a resort but this is really too much to pay for what you have to offer.\n\nThe pool area is gorgeous and it is the reason we leave our pool-less central Phoenix home to stay at The Clarendon. This is the second visit this summer where a piece of the blue decorative glass that has come loose from the walkway at the pool has cut my foot. Last month the glass was on the walkway, yesterday it was a sliver of the glass on the pool step. Small cuts but still, this shouldn't be happening. You can see small pieces of glass around the pool area...not cool.\n\nStay true to yourself, Clarendon. Lower your fee to around $10 and get a handle on the rogue glass. I know you are worthy of more than 3 stars once you get this fixed.
"""I may not be very popular after I write this review, but I'm under the assumption I'm not popular anyway... so I guess it doesn't matter now, does it? \n\nIn any case, I give The Brickhouse 3 stars based on my initial visit. Location is easy to find. There is street parking and I didn't get the feeling my life was in danger (even though somebody once told me that it was extremely dangerous for a girl to be out by herself in that 'hood and at that venue). A bum did stop along the sidewalk and ask for some spare change, but he wasn't a creepy bum (you know what I'm talking about). \n\nI chose for my first visit to The Brickhouse to be during a Beat Battle event. Granted, I wasn't sure what I was getting myself into, but that was part of the draw. Rap? Turntablism? Beat Boys? I just had to know. \n\nI dragged a friend along with me. He seemed like a willing enough victim, though. \n\nCover was $10, which isn't bad for any sort of musical event. Crowd was cool - plenty of unique individuals to rest your eyes upon. I enjoyed how this particular show brought out some pretty artsy-lookin' and jam-jivin' folks. I can hang with these peeps, I thought. I actually did enjoy the Beat Battle, for it was something new. Nothing like a new experience at a new venue to make one helluva memory. \n\nOnly downside was that the beer selection was lacking. I wanted something seasonal, yet they didn't offer any sort of winter lager or ales. Bummer. I settled for a Kiltlifter to start off with, followed by a Newcastle.  Plus, there's a kitchen for people who have the munchies. They offered a drink, fries and burger for $5. Now that's a bargain.\n\nOh, and let's touch upon the bathroom, shall we. Ladies Room, my arse. More like a \Enter at Your Own Risk Waste Disposal.\"""" I mean, seriously. Door 1: the lock didn't align; therefore, the door didn't lock. Door 2: 1/2 the seat lid was broken off and missing. Door 3: Out of Service note. Door 4: The large stall with the big door that wasn't quite big enough to meet the stall column; therefore, it just swing wide open the other way.  Can you guess which stall I chose?  \n\nBut, c'mon, I admit it: I like this venue. I don't always need or want pristine, perfect or even pleasant. In fact, I am thinking my review will change and a 4th star may find its way into my rating if I go back here to see a band of my liking. I missed the Okkervil River show here, and I'll never forgive myself for that. \n\nOf course, this is definitely not a 5 star venue - unless, of course, there's the exception to the rule: no cover, better beer selection and Harry Connick Jr. on stage. Ha. I kid. Make it Bob Dylan and ya got yourself a deal."""""""
I can't really say much about this place, because I just made a quick stop here with a bunch of friends after our stay at Drift next door. It was pretty packed, perhaps it was because of SF Giants spring training and WWE had something going on in town that weekend. The patio area was quite spacious, music (okay at most, not my favorite), and best of all....they had a big wheel that you can climb onto the bar area to spin. I don't remember it much and it was too packed to see, but it supposedly has crazy dares that you can attempt to complete to win something for you and your group of friends?!\n\nP.S. During the day after a Giants Spring Training game, I saw an American Junkie bus outside the stadium. I guess you can hop on over to the bars after the game?!
Their fresh and warm chips and salsa were good. Ordered a margarita and immediately understood why they limit you to only 2. Woo hoo! I was feeling good. I had one of their specials which consisted of salmon and mango salsa and it was delicious. My boyfriend had the chicken fajitas and said those were good too. \n\nThe white chocolate tamales as an after dinner snack (small dessert) was nice, but we still ordered cheesecake for dessert. I love cheesecake and have yet to try a bad piece. \n\nI'm not a big fan of Tex-Mex, but I'd come here again.
Was in the mood for a good sandwich so decided to give this place a second shot. Normally I go for the italian beef with hot peppers but decided to try half hot and half sweet. After selecting my sandwich wet of course (this is where they dip the meat and sometimes the whole sandwich itself into the pan of juices the meat was cooked in) I grabbed my food and headed home.\n\nAs I said before the service still needs some work but the food is still great. The only real issue I had this time was that what they call sweet peppers were nothing more than over cooked bell peppers. Now I understand that there are those who like everything bland, and under seasoned (yuck) but I am not one of them. Seriously do not go around calling something it is not. That would be like calling a dog a cat or a tiger a lion! \n\nI mean come on a 2 year old knows the difference between the cow that goes moo and the chicken that goes cluck. So why do places act like we do not? LOL OK so enough of my ranting. Look bottom line the sandwiches are still great, their large fries are really large, and the prices are fair. Just avoid the crabby service and non sweet peppers and you should be fine.
"""Meaty, beaty, big and bouncy!\n\nAdd \beefy\"""" and you've pretty much summed up your 5GB&F  experience!\n\nAfter detoxing this morning, I was really hungry...after all, I'm a pretty big and bouncy boy and when you lug this kind of tonnage up and down the canal, you're going to need some retoxing!\n\nAnd since it's Taco Tuesday, I thought a burger fest sounded about right!\n\nI needed to be up north anyway, so I texted my order (what a time and vexation saver that is!...two stars for 5GB&F right there) and it was ready, hot and juicy when I rolled in.\n\nThe burgers and fries remind me of nothing so much as Wendy's of about 30 years ago...you know, when Wendy's was actually pretty good (not like now when, they consistently screw up your order and figuratively, literally throw your bag-o-food into your car as you idle by the pickup window).\n\nThe burgers are OK, the fries are fresh and peanutty (no, really...fresh peanut oil...the fries taste peanutty!), and the Coke is, well, Cokey. \n\nThe atmosphere is nice enough, all red and white checked and tons of \""""look at me\"""" crap on the walls (\""""Best Fries in Hoboken!\"""")\n\nThe music was also reasonably pleasant (Men at Work...\""""I come from a land down under\""""...I shuddered a little bit at the part \""""and men chunder\""""...please, no chundering while I'm eating!).\n\nAnyway...\n\nI was able to purchase this little repast for a mere $11.83 (I saved a little by having the small fries).\n\nI know, Grind or Delux prices for a retro Wendy's burger!\n\nI'm no spendthrift, but I could feed a family of 6 at In-n-Out for $12...and with better burgers.\n\nBut, 5GB&F filled me up, they had my burger ready to roll and they very nicely didn't mess up my order (but then again, how could they screw it up...they were ordered to prepare my burger by a computer...we know what happens when you don't do what a computer tells you...you \""""accidentally\"""" ride over a cliff on your Segway, that's what happens!)\n\n And, in a nostalgic sort of way, they reminded me of how Wendy's used to be (complete with 70's music), and for that, a reasonable 3.25 stars."""""""
Eh. It's a chain. However, there are sometimes when my BFF and I totally feel like being old ladies and having pie and tea in the evening. Usually we think about it when we're too tired to bake, too hungry to wait to bake and most places are closed. That's when we hit up Marie Callenders. The pie's not bad.. especially when there's a $6 pie sale, otherwise it's a bit too pricey for the quality.\n\nThe soup is also good. I've had that there once. Along with a forgetful waitress, which wasn't so fun. Just get pie to go :)
The food was very good! We got the smaller filet mignon with mashed potatoes and the shrimp scampi. Everything was prepared very well.\n\nOur server wasn't very attentive after he found out we weren't ordering drinks. He didn't come by our table much and pretty much ignored us when we asked to turn the air conditioning down. It was very chilly in there!\n\nI like how you enter through the kitchen. The ambiance of the place is nice too.\n\nWe would return but only for a nice occasion. It was a bit pricey!
I went here with a few friends looking to get some appetizers, sushi, and saki bombs. When we walked in, it was pretty packed so we asked the hostess how long it might take to get a table for five. She basically said she had no idea and to just wait until something opened up. Not exactly the best customer service. They don't have a waiting area so we just hung out by the bar and watched some basketball until a table opened up about twenty minutes later. From there on out it was very good. All the food ranged from above average to great and our server was very nice and sarcastic (which I like). Overall, a pretty good experience.
Welcome to the 80's! Holy cow, I don't mind the outdated decor but the limited seating and small bathrooms got to me. Thankfully I had a late night flight and there was hardly anyone in the airport. Although it was frustrating that everything was getting ready to close when I landed, so I had to rush to get something to eat. There were charging stations all over the airport but it would have been nice if the charging stations were closer to the seats themselves instead of in the middle of the walkway. The gift shop is amazing though. They had great stuff to choose from. Overpriced of course, which doesn't surprise me but I loved the fact that everything was different from every other airport I've been too.\n\nIf I had a choice, I wouldn't fly through here again unless I had too.
So I just found this place and I liked it. I had the ham, salami and mozzarella panini with the kettle chips. There menu consist of many panini's and salads. The Australian waitress was very nice and helpful. The wait time is pretty much non-existence because there were only two other people eating when we got there around noon. \n\nIf you want something quick and kind of healthy this should be a good choice and the prices were very reasonable.
I've been to Souplantation/Sweet Tomatoes and was disappointed with the salad bar variety at Souper Salad (only about half the selection of Sweet Tomatoes). Also, several items had run out and were not refilled. Perhaps it wasn't the best idea to go at 3pm, when the restaurant was pretty much empty. But still! I would expect the items to be fresh and stocked.\n\nI gave it an extra star for the value, since I did use a buy-one-get-one-free coupon! I would go back, but only when there are more people next time.
well...it's such a hard review to write b/c i love, adore and am obsessed with anything Bianco.  EXCEPT...this place was SOOOOOOOOOOOO loud I couldn't even focus on anything I was eating, drinking, nor thinking.  I'm not sure what is going on with the room acoustics, but every fork, knife and water glass sounded like explosions. My husband and I yelled at each other for the entire hour like we would in a club ... just to see if we liked what we were eating.  I know I feel bad giving it a 3 star, but it was one of the worst dining experiences we've ever had.  It's such a shame b/c the food was pretty good...I think...I'm not sure...I'm deaf now.
"""**Old Sticky Rice Under Soy Sauce Container Alert**\n\nFirst congratulations on 2010 New Times \Best of Phoenix\""""!! \n\nCute, but typical little Thai place on Indian School Road. \n\nWent on a quiet Friday night, not busy at all. I noticed that it was kind of warm in there, hey AC anyone? \n\nAlso, agree with Thomas, the tables were kind of like really huge and made me feel awkward for just two people. A smaller table with a Lazy Susan would have worked better, but I didn't go there to table shop, I went to get some Thai on, and seeing what this Best of New Times stuff is all about anyways. \n\nService was slow, I would have been more OK with it if it was busy, but they had two other customers besides us. \n\nWon Ton soup was very good, huge portions and very flavorful. But when I reached to get the soy sauce I was startled!! Sticky white rice (from another customer) was under the bottom of the Soy Sauce container. It really freaked me out, talk about a bum trip. My smile turned way upside down into an instant frown. WTF? When you clean a table, take a little more care please! Actually look under the condiments, forget the Lazy Susan, how about Lazy employee? \n\nTried the obligatory Pad Thai, pretty good, hot, large portions. Another obligatory forgettable Beef dish. Decent, but nothing to write home about. \n\nBut the warm air, slow service, and the Sticky Rice Incident of 2010, make we wonder how reliable the Phoenix New Times \""""Best of\"""" is in terms of its yearly awards. For me, this was Best of Nothing. Best of give me a break 2010 more like it.  If this is \""""the best\"""", I would hate to see the worst!  Yikes!!\n\nI may be back, or not. There are better Thai places out there. It was decent and the portions were really big. Oh, and I thought the prices were a tad higher than average but portions are, again, big.  \n\nPhoenix New Times \""""Best of Old Sticky Rice Under Soy Sauce Container, 2010\"""""""""""
I finally wound up at Two Hippies for tacos the other day after living within a stone's  throw for a few months. Whenever I go to a place for tacos, I'm expecting one of two things... either mass quantities of grub on the cheap or in-your-face quality and flavor. Two Hippies Beach House takes care of the former. The service was friendly, and the chow is okay, not bad, but not outstanding in the slightest. It's truly perfect as a quick and filling meal that you can mow down with a few friends before going out to the bar or for when you are getting back from the bar. And that, to me, has it's own special place in the restaurant food chain. For $5 flat I can walk away with three giant tacos loaded with plenty of ruffage to extinguish my appetite. Throw in some green salsa with those tacos and I'm content. There's no doubt that I'll be back soon enough.
Doc and Eddy's is okay. Nothing special, nothing great. Might be a decent place to meet with a larger group of people for some bar food and drinks. The place is huge. You won't feel cramped going here.\n\nTowards the back, there are many pool tables and various games to play. There are more tables toward the front to eat. You can't go far without a TV in sight.\n\nI had the SoCal Chicken Sandwich on a recent visit. The sandwich was okay, a bit dry. I did like the seasoning on my fries though. I think the food is decent for a bar. I was actually full from the food when I left. That doesn't happen often. \n\nService was okay. The service was just enough to keep you satisfied, but not great that you felt you needed to tip extremely well. My previous experience the service was well below average. \n\nMy draft beer was pretty flat with no foam. I'm glad it wasn't half foam, but maybe a bit? For a place that serves draft beer, this is BAD!\n\nI can see myself going here from time to time, but mainly because it would be a few minute walk.
Bill's is a pretty solid place for some barbeque, although the service is hit or miss. During a weekday afternoon they are usually not busy and you can be seated instantly.\n\nIf you want your rustic-im-gonna-pretend-this-is-my-barn-and-not-a-restaurant cowboy establishment, Bill's will be your heaven. \n\nThe beer selection is not supurb, but a lot of the meals some with cobbler for dessert! WIN!!\n\nThe sad news is that one time we went in for a work lunch and got a corporate discount by surprise. Then we didn't get it anymore. What's that all about?
I went here for lunch yesterday with a friend and I thought it was pretty good. The prices were great, for a lunch special (soup, rice, spring roll, and entree) for 7$... that was really good. The soup was good, a little lemon grassy, but good. I ordered the pad kee mow, which was noodles and veggies... it was good, but I ordered it medium spicy, and it wasn't spicy at all. I really liked the spring roll, it had corn in it, which was kind of different and cool. So overall, it is a good deal, but I have had better thai food.... I still might come back here as it wasn't bad by any means and it is close to my house, but it wouldn't be my first choice.
When I first tried this place I probably would have given it a five star review. But I have been there several times since and now I'm a little less woohoo about this place. I love their quesadillas, they are huge and really fried :) I always have issues with the meat there. It's really grizzly.\n\n The last time I was there I took my grandparents and parents there. I got the hashbrown burrito, which is typically delicious. This time, I'm not sure what meat substance was in my burrito but it way way too chewy to be bacon. The staff was also cranky to my grandparents because they were confused at ordering. BUT the green salsa is super yummy!
We just returned to Chicago Gyro's and had an -okay dinner. I should note that, in comparison to Pita Jungle, which we visited last week, there is really no comparison: Pita Jungle is superior. \nThe gyro meat at Chicago Gyro's was a little dry, but there was tons of it and it was smothered in the yummy sauce. My Greek salad was really good but again, Pita Jungle outdoes it. Still, it is a great place for an inexpensive lunch or dinner and they seem to have improved on the time it takes to get your meal.
Most of what's posted in these comments is 100% dead on. The bar/drinks are great. Show prices are very reasonable. The speakers inside leave a LOT to be desired, we went to see Pinback last night and the music actually sounded better outside of the venue, through the door, than it did inside. Security wasn't so bad, I didn't have to take off my shoes and my wife didn't even get the pat-down.\n\nOverall it's somewhere in the middle for me. I've been to far better and far worse places for concerts. I'd go back, but only for a band I really, really want to see.
"""I've been to this location several times but I'd rather be more positive than nit-picky.  The service has always been a bit slow and less informative.  I've come in and on several occasions lost out on the specials till the very end when the server mentions \next time you should do the....\"""" well I wish I would've known that earlier because I could've enjoyed more awesomeness!  Otherwise I love the atmosphere and the seating.  The space is really good, outdoor seating during this time of the year is jam and ambience are spot on for a group or a more datish type situation.  I've tried a few of the dishes and the food is pretty good but nothing yet that I've built up a craving for.  I'll be back soon for the Tuesday special of an app with a bottle of wine for $22 buckaroos!"""""""
I have not had other Chinese or Asian cuisine in the Phoenix area so the review is in comparison to the Bay Area and the reality that there is a relatively small Asian population in the area. The waitress (most likely owner) was really sweet. She recommended a stir fry with bok choi, beef, chicken, shrimp, tofu, and shitake mushrooms. Basically the kitchen sink. We also ordered gai lan sauteed with garlic and salty/peppery deep fried chicken. The stir fry and veggies were a bland version of traditional chinese home cooking. The fried chicken which is normally very salty was a mixture of sweet and savory. The cold milk tea was decent. \n\nAs previous posts have mentioned before, the decor is nonexistent. It looks like a Subway with the booth seating except the color palate is pink.
"""First, I will say that the store itself was nice and had a great selection as usual with any H&M. \n\nMy one and only complaint are the employees. Damn, did you all share a puppy that got ran over right before you all got to work??? Terrible customer service, no one even acknowledged any of the shoppers in store, and we had to listen to one of the employees trying to rap one of Nicki Minaj's verses from whatever song that was playing. She obviously didn't know the whole song because only random words were being shouted out... anyway, not the point. Finally, when I was done I took my items to the counter and another shopper and I (out of the total 5 people in the store) had to wait a while for a guy that forced himself to speak. \SIIIIIIIIGH, did you find everything you were looking for?\"""". Pretty much the only thing I couldn't find was customer service."""""""
"""Oh Windsor, how I wanted to love you! With Postino being one of my favorite restaurants ever, I had high hopes for Windsor. \n\nIt feels, well, like Postino. But not as good. \n\nThe patio is comfortable. It was a PERFECT evening so that made it super nice, and the chairs are cute, but it's kind of plain. Again, like Postino, but without that extra something special. Although the perimeter fence is cool, with the different widths of wood. \n\nFor starters we got the fondue, which was good. Just good. The cheese - although piping hot - was kind of gritty (which happens with pure cheddar). Maybe mix something creamier in there?\n\nI got the chicken sandwich with a side of mac n cheese. The mac was yummy. The chicken sandwich was bland. And I love me a chicken sandwich. Even of the plain ole' breast-bun-lettuce-tomato-mayo variety. \n\nBoyfriend and boyfriend's mom got the halibut sammich, which we had heard was bomb. Again, good. Not great. Disappointing for a Postino affiliate. Kale salad was fine. Coleslaw was fine. Nothing knocked our socks off.\n\nOur service was initially really slow. We didn't get noticed for a while, and then our drinks took ages. Everything after that was right on key, and our waitress was well informed and friendly. \n\nMy favorite part of the meal was my cocktail - the No. 89. It was the perfect blend of strong and refreshing. I would definitely be back for beverages! I'd really like to try the wines on tap as well.\n\nAll in all, it kind of seems like they built Windsor for all the Postino overflow. \Hey, your wait is going to be an hour, but if you go right across the street there is a Postino Jr. consolation prize.\""""\n\nI'll definitely give it another go after they've had some time to get settled, but until then, I'll be back for drinks, and eat elsewhere."""""""
"""Pretty nice place located amoung some very good eateries in Old town Gilbert. Been there twice.\nthe place is pretty plosh and full of very cool people. This place is not designed for your average American. First of all you have to be very cool to be here. Even the chairs are very cool. they are low down to the ground and very nice. Nothing in this place will remind you that you are ordinary. The crowd is very yuppy. Lots of broad rimmed baseball caps and tattoos. More reminders that you are in a very cool environment.\nThe food is not ordinary. One day I had brunch there. I ordered the bacon and eggs. It came displayed in a way you would never know you were having bacon and eggs. This place screamed \we are not the good egg\"""". It even had a little salad with it to absorb all the cholesterol and make you feel good about the animal protein you were consuming.\nthe second time I ordered the raspberry salad. It was 9.99 and was listed as a main entree. I have some birds in my yard that would have been very unsatisfied with the amount of salad I was given. Luckily I am a small eater. Needless to say it would not be appealing to the \""""average\"""" American if you know what I mean. Again though this place is designed for cool people only and fat people are not cool. It was a very good salad though and I highly recommend it as an appetizer. \nAll in all it's a nice place to go grab a bite to eat. And at any point a reality show might just break out there."""""""
"""umm yea. there is nothing all that great about the Rula\n\ni was here with my BFF (yea like a teenage girl, lol) cause we was bored and figured get out of the spot.\n\nwe took the train up to mill already half toasted on a couple cans of Mickies in thirstbuster cups care of Circle K. (heart) circle K kay..! ya know.\n\nanyways so walked up and down mill scoffing at the people looking to get fucked up. i blew up AmyD on the cell saying we would catch up with her at the sets or yucca tap room...\n\nended up walking back to the Rula and grabbed a couple drinks. umm. yea. this place isn't really great or anything.  just kinda like all the rest of the \bars\"""" on mill. just irish stylized. i've been here plenty of times before and never thought to myself...\""""wow what a great irish bar\"""". meh. it's kinda like a themed college bar and nothing more. oh well. grabbed a couple blue moons and bizounced. threw a middle finger to mill as we jumped on the \""""trolly\"""" and busted ass back to PHX screaming \""""602\"""""""""""
Same as the other locations, except that this one has some tables in a weird accommodation. Girls always smiling and ready to please specially male costumers, but that too helps when you want a good and efficient service.\n\nFood is regular bar food and my friend was a bit disappointed that the spicy chorizo sandwich was not spicy at all. Well maybe next time! At least is another (better) option from places to go when you are going to Symphony Hall.
"""Having lived in Arcadia for the majority of my life, I'm always excited to see a new neighborhood spot open up! And, being the Mexican food junkie that I am, Milagro seemed right up my alley.\n\nWe decided to check it out on a Sunday night around 7PM and since there were going to be 5 of us, I made a reservation just to play it safe. Considering the fact they had just opened the week prior, this wasn't necessarily a must. We were seated right away and promptly greeted by our friendly server. There were a few other tables of families scattered throughout the fully remodeled Mexican grill but it wasn't crazy busy. It's hard to imagine this being Joey's of Chicago or Rhumbi just a few short months ago.\n\nBeing a sucker for a good salsa (I really do feel like that can make or break a Mexican restaurant), we decided to start out with the salsa trio and the fresh, traditional guacamole. The guacamole was amazing and the salsas were nice with a unique touch! Now I tend to like everything really spicy and I didn't find any of the salsas to have too much of a \kick\"""" to them, but they were delicious none-the-less.\n\nAfter perusing the drink menu for some time, I finally decided on the Sandia Diablo (jalape\u00f1o-infused Tito's vodka, watermelon pur\u00e9e, cranberry, and pressed lime). This was outstanding! Seeing as how I am quite the vodka-cran aficionado, this sounded like a perfect, Mexican-infused twist on my favorite classic.\n\nFor dinner we all opted for different dishes so we could try a variety of menu items. I'm always a taco person so I went with the carne tacos (3 to an order). These were pretty darn good...nicely seasoned with refreshing toppings that complimented the meat well. Now most menu options seemed to be served a la carte, so we ordered a variety of sides to try. Our table had two orders of the basmati rice which I must say was definitely different. It had a very balsamic taste to it (which I didn't mind because I love vinegar), however, it is not your traditional rice. We also tried the frijoles blancos and frijoles rancheros which were both delicious!\n\nNow this isn't going to be your traditional Mexican restaurant. If you are looking for cheese crisps and enchiladas, you'd be better off going next door to Tee Pee. However, at Tee Pee you can expect to find twice the grease and half the quality. Milagro is going to be a little on the pricier side but hey, if the food is good it doesn't bother me. One thing I will say is that I wouldn't mind seeing some fajitas or enchiladas on their menu in the future!\n\nIf you haven't yet driven past Milagro, one of their main draws is the huge expansion of the patio. With the weather cooling down, this will be a huge key to their success! I look forward to chips and salsa filled Happy Hours spent relaxing on the patio with a Sandia Diablo in hand.\n\nOverall it was good food, good drinks, good atmosphere, and I am definitely excited to have another restaurant option nearby!"""""""
"""I've been to Asia de Cuba 3 times now, so I have finally figured out what I want to say about this place.\nEach time I've gone, it's been a business dinner with an out of towner that wanted to see where the celebs meet, greet and eat (among other things).\nWe always have to look at the bar, we always have to \tour\"""" the grounds, etc. so...\nAt any rate, dinner a couple of nights ago was typical of my experiences each time I have gone.\nEverybody had a martini or two (mine was excellent, but 2 comments - it's pretty hard to screw up a Ketel One vodka marti, very dry, with a twist-I know it can be messed up, but that doesn't happen here, and; their single malt scotch selections just aren't what i guess I would expect of a very high end restaurant, so I was disappointed not to find my favorites here).\nThe food was very good, again, that's what I would expect of restaurant where I am spending north of $500 for dinner and a couple drinks for 4.\nWe had tempura shrimp, lobster pot stickers, calamari salad, and thai beef salad as appetizers. I had short ribs, 2 of us had salmon and one of us had the Cuban chicken. All were good and the sides (black beans, steamed veggies and noodles) were perfectly fine, as well. \nBut, none of these were truly great dishes...nobody raved over the food, although everybody thought it was good (including me...it just didn't jump off the plate at me and make want come back again the next night).\nI don't think I am a truly jaded food snob, I like pretty much everything and I don't think our selections were the dogs of the menu, but I just don't think it was great, which in MHO is what a dinner that costs more than $100 per head should be.\nThe service was pleasant and not intrusive, and the atmosphere is nice (if you like monochrome). \nBut I don't really go here unless someone from out of town pushes the issue.\nI haven't ever really felt the pretension that others have mentioned...unless it's the setting itself and the fact that it is a celeb enclave, but I have always been pretty numb to that sort of thing and the people at AdC all seemed to be nice from the hostess to waitstaff, etc., so I will give them the benefit of the doubt.\nAll in all, I am sure I will go back, the next time group from out of town comes in and wants to see what all the buzz is about, but probably not until then"""""""
The food was ok, nothing great. We ordered the wedge salad, clam chowder soup and each had the top serloin. I asked for mine to be MW and it came out extra well done. It was tough and dry. For this price I think Fridays has much better steak. \nService was not fantastic. Our waiter had a ton of tables which is understandable why service was slow. He tried to be friendly I think but wasn't stellar. On our $50 check my boyfriend gave him a whopping $16 tip. I don't know why he did that but the waiter actually came outside after us and thanked us. That's cool in my book! \n\nSo, nothing special here. Maybe other dishes are better but it wasn't good enough for us to come back again.
"""Food was okay, but the service was great. Our waitress was on the ball even though the place was packed for MLB All Star festivities. \n\nMy friend tried the Big Unit and it was decent. You cannot expect a 22\ hot dog to be the best hot dog of your life, but it was worth a try when we were in town. I ordered the Cuban Sandwich and it was good. I would try something else on my next visit to town, but we will definitely be back."""""""
I like how Denny's is trying to get hip and attract a younger crowd at night by changing the music exactly at 10pm from elevator to rock.  Even the servers change uniforms - from the standard button down to a black tshirt.  \n\nI don't know if it was because I was starving after a long day at work or that their food has genuinely improved, but the food tasted alright to me.  Maybe more than alright.  The hash browns were nice and crispy on the surface and it was great how everything stayed piping hot on the hot plate they served it on.  \n\nService was friendly and professional.  How can you beat the price especially late at night when nothing else in the area is open?
"""Pro:  good food, solid happy hour \n\nCon: service is inconsistent but has been trending up of recent.\n\nWe eat here often and always leave satisfied by our meal but not always by our service.  I think they're getting the message via yelp as I've noticed an \uptick\"""" in service and hustle lately.  Any way... everything we've tried on the menu is good, esp. the cortada salad, soups and taco's.  The breakfast burrito goes well with a hangover.  Very good value at happy hour.  The roof deck is money.   I'd give GB 3.5 stars but can't so I'm rounding down until the service is steadily great."""""""
"""We had stayed here 3 years ago; it was under the name \ Comfort Inn\"""" got a new name new management. Location is great near freeways, restaurants and Wal-Mart.\n\nThere is swimming poll and Jacuzzi too. Hot breakfast which is OK, they run out of food very often, there is one lady who serve there but we had to remind her we run out of food like milk, bagels etc...\n\nOur Internet connection was terrible we even sat outside; it did not help it  it was so slow that we had used the computer they had in the lobby, which was faster but only  to check messages and get directions.\n\nThere was coffee in the lobby all the time, which is really nice.\n\nThe only one thing that really bather me was that the room was too dark even when we had turned all the light on it was still dark.\n\nThe staff was very friendly. It's great for family with kids."""""""
Mixed reviews from my husband and I:\n\nHis comments: \n* Salad was good - we had the spinach & Gorgonzola salad. \n* Pizza was really good, but too expensive. Plus, it was the thinner type so you wouldn't expect to pay that much.\n* Wait staff - not good. \n* Ambiance - pretty nice. Has a NY type of feeling.\n* Too pricey to go back\n\nMy comments: \n* Salad had too much dressing. It was dripping with the balsamic stuff. I don't like soppy lettuce.\n* Pizza was just ok. It was served to us fairly quickly considering that the place was packed. However, it was not hot. Plus, we had to wave our server down to ask her to heat it up. She didn't seem very happy with us and did not offer an apology for the cold pie. After all, this place is called Humble Pie. \n* Wait staff - Not good. Not very forthcoming with the menu and only seemed to be interested in getting the ordering over with.\n* The staff should be humble enough to ask the customer if everything is ok after the food is served. That never happened. Even when she brought over the check we got nothing. \n* Ambiance - too loud and dark! Tables and chairs are packed tight in this place so plan to share your space with others not in your party. \n* Definitely not going back. \n\nWe paid $34 plus tip for a small Cesar salad, pizza with three toppings, soft drink and glass of wine. Too much money for some Si's food.
"""Ahhhh Taste of Tops.  I remember when I heard about this place opening I was like, \Oh, my god.  I'm never gonna leave.  I'm gonna spend upwards of five thousand dollars a year at this place.  Tops is the shit so if they're opening a beer and wine bar it's going to be nothing short of epic.\""""\n\nAnd the bar is good.  I do enjoy it when I go out, but I don't go there nearly as much as I imagined I would.  I've been a handful of times, somewhere around 5-10 times and have usually had a good time there.  \n\nSo, why only 3 stars?  I don't know.  It's cramped, relatively expensive for my neighborhood bar and the tables are just too close to each other.  I always end up sitting hip to hip next to someone I don't know and it's just a little awkward.  Sometimes the couches are all filled up with really loud, obnoxious people who go, \""""Whooooh!\"""" a lot.  Whooh is an expression that in certain situations will drive me nuts.  It's like when bulls get pissed from seeing the color red.  It's like that, but I'm not as badass or fierce as a ball, I'm more like a fat kid who goes, Quuuiiiit iiiit!\n\nThe best time to come here is when it's relaxed and there's only a few people.  On the few occasions I've come in when it's subdued and the bartender is wanting to shoot the shit with you, it's a really fantastic, great place.  Get yourself a beer on tap or champagne in a can and soak it all in.\n\nI'm still a fan of the place, I like it, I just wish it were bigger.  I wish it had more sparkles too.  I dunno, sparkly things around the bar seems fitting.  Like a shiny thing-a-ma-jig hanging up somewhere.  That's not entirely necessary, but it would be awesome to have.\n\nBut hey, at least Taste of Tops, their refrigerated beer isn't piss warm like the liquor store itself :-D"""""""
Stopped in Yogurtology & thought the choices of flavors were pretty good. The toppings bar was good - lots of fresh fruit, cereal, chocolate & candy. Maybe a little too cramped, though, since I felt like I spilled everything I grabbed. \n\nIt was about $10 for 2 of us & we got a loyalty card. No idea what the loyalty card gets you (no one explained, just asked if we wanted one) but we have one & we will be using it when we stop back in!
The service here seemed to be a bit disorganized as they had the two cute bartendresses on duty doing bar back work at the height of happy hour.  The need of the bartendresses to both retrieve and restock glassware while simultaneously serving customers definitely resulted in slow service.  I found the margaritas to be rather small but they did seem to have a decent kick to them.  I had three of the carne asada tacos and they were very tasty but extremely small so it probably would have taken three or four orders to get anywhere close to a meal for me.  I think I would stick to happy hour at this place.
The past 3 weekends in a row I've decided to stop in here, and I'm still trying to figure this place out.  It's a Lodge(?); It's a Tequileria; It's another white-man Mexican restaurant!  \nSeriously, don't go to this place expecting authentic.  Go to this place expecting Z Tejas.  \n\nThis place just has more tequila.  A lot more.\n\nI've drank, I've eaten, I've had enough.  I'm not busting on this place, because why reinvent the wheel if it works, right?  It's not a daring strategy by the former owners of Kona Grill.  It's a tried-n-true deal that has urban Phoenix success written all over it.  Claim fresh, homemade guacamole, an open kitchen complete with noisy banging pots, zesty quesadilla's with goat cheese and it's the next big thing at the Biltmore.  \n\nI'm all for happy hour at this place for a drink and snack, and the happy hour menu/drinks are actually pretty good.  Dinner, well, I haven't had a dinner here.  I sound like a dick when I tell you the d\u00e9cor bugs me, but it does.  I'm aware of this.  Since when does a Lodge that belongs in Wyoming land at the Biltmore and serve white Mexican food.  Answer:  Once.\n\nThe large, wrap-around patio is cool, and you can sit around nearly 3/4 of the bar for drinks.  As someone wrote previously, the bathroom situation is weird, too.  Take the elevator, or the stairs.  But, the bathrooms are nice.  Just weird to access.  Oh, and multiple presses of the up and down arrow for the elevator will get you nowhere quicker.  Just stand there waiting for the door to close, trying not to feel weird that everyone's looking at you on your way to or from the bathroom.
"""With over \10,000 combinations\"""", there is a burger here for everyone - that is the motto here.   Indulge isn't a boutique burger joint.  You can have a burger as simple as pickles tomatoes onions and ketchup, or you can venture into the unknown with brioche cranberry chutney gruyere and turkey.  It is build your own, or sample one of their signatures.\n\nI am a snacker, so I liked that the experience starts off with a sampling of their garlic parmesan chips. What would make these perfect would be a dusted Parmesan, or melted Parmesan with white truffle oil.  Currently, the way they are prepared and presented is a poor foreshadowing of what is to come.\n\nBuild your own burger is great. It's like a sushi menu for burgers. On the menu, one marks their selections with penicl. Choices go from A-F. Chooose your protein, (salmon, Kobe, turkey, etc) cheese, (Danish bleu cheese, herb goat cheese spread, gruyere) bun, (brioche, English muffin, wheat) sauces, (apricot chipotle, aioli, cranberry chutney, Bangkok peanut sauce, cactus ranch, honey citrus pepper, and more) regular toppings, (baby greens, roasted chiles, boiled egg slices, pineapple, grilled onions) and indulge toppings (avocado, fried egg, chili con carne, honey cured bacon, and more).\n\nKids have a four item menu that includes a peanut butter and jelly wrap.\n\nIt is very important that I record the appetizer list here.  Essentially, it is what would otherwise come with a standard burger.  Happy hour patrons and ladies are lured by the 1/2 appetizers offerings here, but there is not variety.  There is starch, more starch, carbohydrates, beans and protein, or a small side salad.  *shakes head.*\n\nAppetizers:\nSweet potato fries\nFried dill pickle chips\nOnion strings and regular fries\nChili\nSide salad\n\nI think vegetarians or \""""healthy\"""" eaters will still find something for their palates here, such as the salad with Bleu cheese, strawberries, and walnuts.  There is also a grilled veggie pesto sandwhich on the menu, as well as the Veggie homemade burger. (fresh ingredients blended in special sauces including herbs, spices, beans, and rice)\n\nSandwhiches:\nBlackened or grilled grouper\nFried bologna\n3 cheese\n\nThere is a list of signature burgers, and I chose the first one on the list, the \""""Vesuvius volcanic,\"""" the specially cooked burger with molten cheese. It arrived perhaps 15 minutes later, a la carte.  FYI, none of the burgers or signature sandwhiches come with fries.  I like that those fries aren't there to distract me, it's why I never finish a burger in a restaurant.\n\nHence, I was actually able to finish my volcanic burger.  The unique aspect of it is that molten American cheese is inside of the meat patty. You take that first bite intoo your burger, and the hot molten cheese comes bursting out. Downside is that this is the only kind of cheese that so lovingly melts inside the pattie. Not a fan of American cheese. It tastes like that plastic pseudo cheese made from oil and water - that you used to eat as a fun snack when you were a kid.  Well, it is no longer fun, and I think it somewhat spoils the taste of the burger.\n\nThe Downside of burgers not coming with fries...you are still paying between 10-12 dollars for a burger, without the generous side of potatoes.\n\nService was friendly and attentive, but slow like others have mentioned.  Places like this I recommend sitting at the bar.\n\nOverall, it is an A-OK.  The concept is great, the burger patties are very generous and well prepared.  I think the prices are higher than they need to be, and this place just doesn't set itself apart from other places of its kind.  Burger adventurers may enjoy this place more than myself, as there are some unique additions you can make to an otherwise standard burger.\n\nSee quick tips for happy hours and ladie's night specials."""""""
We went to Zinc to celebrate my son's new job.  After having made reservations, I was a bit non-plussed at being seated one table away from the kitchen.  Aren't these the tables for late comers?  As is my usual practice on a first visit to any establishment, I just suck it up and wait to get on Yelp.   The servers were very good and friendly - a bit touchy - lots of shoulder taps - which was okay, I guess.   I really couldn't decide whether this bothered me or not.  For about ten minutes, we had the sun directly in our faces.  The servers suggested me move a little to be out of the sun and assured us that it would only be a few more minutes until the sun would be out of our eyes.  I guess they can't afford window coverings.  This is when I noticed the extremely dusty banquette - I even stood up and ran my finger through a healthy accumulation!  Good grief - I am sitting there, eating 32 bucks worth of scallops and staring at dust.  Geez.\n\nFood was good.  It was expensive.  I felt okay about the prices, though I was not wowed to the point that I would make this a regular place.  If you look at Marie-Eve's review, they came in late, without reservations and were seated in the PATIO!!! Maybe we should have done that.  The wine list is pretty good, but no bargains there.  I might give it  a go for lunch some day, since my son's new office will be near there.  \n\nAnyway, to make myself all better after this not so great experience, we went to Delux Burger for dessert and nightcaps, otherwise, I would have pouted all night.
Long time no yelp... so, I'm picky when it comes to Italian food and not a big fan of chain restaurants either. But this place is always GOOD. Took a date there Saturday night, I had the special risotto w/ clams, shrimp- very tasty. Also the Ravioli di Zucca (ravioli with brown sugar and parmesan) was a great starting appetizer. \n\nThe only bad things about the night was the baby screaming a few tables down from us, oh... and the date. lol.
I haven't been to many restaurants in east mesa, but I wasn't very impressed with this one. The service was very slow and it seemed like it was a bunch of high school kids working in the front. My server (I don't remember his name) was very blunt. We could also hear all of the employees making dirty jokes and things while we are eating. Now, I am not offended or anything, but it was just unprofessional. The food was alright. We had the short rib flat bread appetizer, which was the best thing all night and I would recommend it. I had the voodoo penne for my main dish and it tasted very strange. It wasn't spicy, it was more smokey. I didn't care for it. We also shared the bread pudding, which was just alright. For the money, I would go to a different restaurant.
I'm a fan of all coffee houses. I like the music, the smell, and the people who congregate at these locations. The best thing to me about this particular location, is the outside 'dining' - you see, I enjoy watching people on there way to things, or coming back from things...or even the few who have not-a-thing going on at all. The Mill Ave Starbucks provides a great venue (and even a good drink here or there). So, on the weekends you might find me sipping a drink and watching the people go by on Mill. \n\nP.S. for all those people watchers, the weekends are the best because that is when the real freaks come out!
If you spend a sunday morning doing work over coffee, a good way to spend the afternoon is doing (less) work over beers.  That's just what I did last Sunday and I was happy to have done it at Sonora Brewhouse.  It is off my beaten path (which was the objective of the day) and it had a great mural on the wall of their outdoor patio.  A patio that, I might add, was surprisingly quiet given its proximity to the road.  It was just the right noise level for either eaves dropping or reading.  The food all smelled really pretty good as far as bar food goes and the nacho plate we milked for an hour and a half was made with real cheese.  The beers were also pretty decent and, after two, I was just happy enough.
"""First of all, take away the Scottsdale from this place. Please! \n\nTake away the snobbery, the over-priced designer schwag, the rippling muscles reeking with insecurity and the overly obnoxious chicks with Daddy issues... and well, you have a Lyte Lounge I'd be happy to frequent. \n\nFirst off, I'm not a drinker of cocktails. But, Lyte does offer some tasty beers - like Peroni, Pilsner Urquell, Newscastle, Stella... so, there are definitely options! \n\nI like the decor - the art on the walls, the invitation for the resident artist to paint during the night. I like the high-back horse-shoe white booths. I like the open floor. I like the bar area, which warps back to the private lounge. I like the patio, which has an outdoor bar and fireplace. I even like the bathrooms - clean! Most of all, I like the \Wii Lounge\"""" there - available in a sort of \""""private\"""" lounge area, elevated and tucked in the corner, overlooking the rest of the patrons. \n\nYes, I could easily like this place. I mean, the music offers a wide variety. When I was there, I heard a singer/songwriter, a band playing \""""big band\"""" style tunes and a DJ throwing down some serious dance tracks. I liked the music very much so! (Some would say it has an identity crisis, but I prefer to look at is as VARIETY!)\n\nBut, let's face it, this is still a Scottsdale lounge. And for that reason alone (because we all know what a Scottsdale lounge is and what kind of people it attracts), I HIGHLY doubt I'll ever go back. Too bad... because I could see myself really, really liking this place. \n\nI think the ONE AND ONLY TIME I'd come here is earlier in the evening (around 8:30) before heading to my final destination, whatever they may be. But, let's be real. Am I really going to go out to Lyte Lounge before heading someplace else? That's doubtful.\n\nBut, for all those in favor of a night out in Scottsdale, this is a good place to stop. It's right next to Crown Room and lends itself to a short walk to other places, like Drift or Myst. Not a bad place to be, if you're a bar/lounge trying to make it in the Snottsdale Circuit."""""""
This airport has pretty conveniently located cell phone lots. It's nice when you are picking someone up that's delayed. Bad traffic because of construction at peak times to get onto the 202. Lots of traffic cops, so don't speed around, either. They are very strict with rules here, especially when going through security. They don't have body scanners yet though.lol.  Definitely not as friendly as ONT, SAN, DAL, SNA. Security lines are usually pretty long too. The economy parking fee/day got raised to $10 or so per day, so we now use 'the parking spot instead for $7/day and it's covered. I love that place, it has a much nicer shuttle too. The 'roadrunner' shuttle bus at Sky Harbor taker forrrevvvver... is dirty, bumpy, and crammed with people. It stinks! LITERALLY!
My group had a lovely table at the window with a very nice Italian waiter.  \nWe ordered a bottle of the St. Michelle Riesling - one of the best I've had!\nI ordered the Yellowtail Tuna Crudo - nice combination of citrus with each yellowtail bite but it didn't match anything else on the menu and Tagliatelle pasta - w/ truffle & duck egg, etc.  I should've known better because the pasta was super RICH and packed w/ flavor, maybe too much.  And for dessert, I ordered the Toffee Bread Pudding - it was good  but again should've known better it just made me feel even more disgustingly full.\n\nService was pretty good, but not a lot of menu options.  \nI was here the previous night for happy hour.  Interesting menu.  The burrata, almonds, and calamari were the best items on the menu.  The omelette was decent and I didn't try the spicy sausage.
This place has a quirky atmosphere and amazing bottled beer selection. Its weird because it is an old house, which translates into an odd bar. The outdoor area is not poorly lit, it is totally unlit. Anyone who wants to smoke has to go stand in the dark with a bunch of people who he also cannot see. There is access to the street from the patio so at times there are homeless folk there who are interesting in the dark...\n\nOverall, this place could use some improvement, but does have an excellent beer selection. Its weird that they have no taps, keg beer is the cheapest way to buy beer and is totally worth having, some beers (most) taste better out of a tap.\n\nThe performance area is unwelcoming, you kind of feel as though you are intruding on the performers, as there is no place to sit (it is also the way to the creepy out door smoking area) it is kind of a bunch of people standing around uncomfortably.\n\nThe front room is awesome if you've got a group or are solo. Very comfortable and welcoming. It'd be sweet if there was a way to hang on the front porch but you just get yelled at if you go out there with a beer.\n\nI like the place...I just want it to be better!
I really wanted to like Aiello's. I had read some reviews and was looking forward to my meal, but sadly it was not as amazing as I'd hoped. We had the eggplant rollatini. I think it could have been a really good dish, but it was smothered in mozzarella cheese. It was a but overkill for my liking. As for the entree, I had the orrechiette fagoli. I think I could ward vampires off with the amount of garlic in my entree. The pasta was perfectly cooked, but the garlic was so overpowering. I wanted to taste the other elements of the dish, and I simply couldn't. I will say the place had a nice family owned feel, and the manager came up at the end to play a game with us. You are given a chance to win dinner on the house if you pick a number and he pulls it out of a jar. It was kinda cool. I don't know if I will be going back for pasta, but I would like to try their pizza.
Okay so I really didn't eat here, but I think the atmosphere is great!  Live music, rowdy crowd, and ESPN - on top of that daily drink specials ...WT Funk!  What else can a guy ask for...hmmm we'll leave that alone.  This place is huge, it's almost a maze to walk around, I tell if you were drunk make sure you have a friend with you.  Don't want you walking past the lightrail tracks as the lightrail is coming :)  If you need a place to hang with a pal or two come on down!
Just the mere fact that it has been in the valley for many years, and is considered by locals as a favorite.  \n\nAfter a good night of slammin em' back, there is nothing like a big pile of greasy fried food to coat the tummy.  \n\nI am primarily a fan of the environment.   You get out of your car, go up to the window (uh-oh, this requires human interaction) order your meal, find a picnic table, and indulge yourself.\n\nWho knows, maybe even strike up a conversations with a stranger (oh-my-god)\n\n Who would have thunk?\n\nPete's is good food at a good price....and hell, maybe a good conversation.
-New owners??? Seemed friendly upon check-out...I think they greeted me?\n\n-A few grumpy, old lady customers wandering the store, just bumped into me a few times, like a pinball machine. How rude!\n\n-Cute shop of antiques and collectibles...mostly household goods, plus a room full of vinyl records...cool!\n\n-Check out the salvage pickings in the back room...many old frames, windows, signs, metal stuff (beware of nails & splinters...hmmm, when was my last tetanus shot???)\n\n-Good selection of stuff..decent prices (I believe there were multi-dealers).\n\n-Parking...SUCKS!!! If you park in front of the store, be VERY CAREFUL backing out into 7th Ave...YIKES! I think you can park to the north of the building, but NOT in the Planned Parenthood lot.
I wish this place wasn't in Scottsdale (i.e. I wish this place wasn't full of cougars and 19 year old girls dressed in couture at a sticky cancuny bar in AZ). \n\nSo yes, this place definitely wants to be a low-key version of Senor Frogs here in the Valley. And ya know what, I'm ok with that. I'm all about a good margarita and authentic mex food...but let's face it, not everyone is good and not everyone is authentic. But if you have an outdoor bar and a tiki feel...at least you can make a lot of people happy.\n\nSo I was here on this bar crawl thing which made me a little bit ashamed...I just was too sober to disregard the fact that my group was full of those people in that bar. But despite the crowd and the LAME dj...the ambience and set-up here is superb. Now if we could just get something akin to that in Central Phoenix...with a day drink, laid-back scene that doesn't scream I wish I was still 23 and ooo by the way did you see my new Prada?
"""There are definitely sushi places with better quality sushi but the sushi here is not bad AND it's very inexpensive.  Also some of their non-sushi items like the \Haru Poppers\"""" are fantastic!\n\nThis place is fun, just grabbing your food as it passes by is a pretty fun concept and adds to the atmosphere of the place.\n\nHowever since it's almost a serve yourself kind of place getting a server's attention to make a special sushi order, get a drink, or even pay can be a bit frustrating.\n\nI'd say check it out at least once to see if this is your thing.  People seem to either love it or hate it without too many people in-between."""""""
A decent resort, if you know what to expect.\n\nWe checked in on a Saturday - I assume they had some sort of golf tourney this weekend because there were golfers *everywhere.*  And to top it off, there were a *ton* of people checking in with kids running around everywhere.  It was super busy, and quite a wait to get checked in.  That being said - they were well staffed, and the line moved fairly quickly despite it's length.  \n\nWe got checked into the suite we had reserved - very nice.  Simple, open, airy...had a private bedroom and bathroom with ample counter space.  Very nice.  It also had a guest bathroom in the front living room area.\n\nThe thing to realize, is that this is a family resort.  This place is geared towards families with kids.  Lots and lots of kids.  We went for an adult weekend away and were slightly disappointed.  But when we thought about it...we should have known better.\n\nWe stayed at a smaller pool close by the suites (and far away from the kiddy-packed Oasis water park).  There were quite a few kids around the small pool at first, but they cleared out shortly and we ended up with the area mostly to ourselves.  We had a group of 6 or so...and we spent the day relaxing, drinking adult beverages and enjoying the sun and water.  Quite nice.  \n\nOne of the other highlights is that they have a complimentary shuttle to a couple of the restaurants that are not the same company, but located on the property.  I can't recommend Rustler's Rooste enough - just a great place to eat.  It's not Mastro's in terms of quality/steak...but it's pretty darn good.  And there's sawdust on the floors and a country band playing...what more could you want!?  Anyways, the shuttle was a little inefficient, but who am I to complain about a free ride. \n\nAll in all, I'd definitely recommend it for families...nice area, decent hotel...nice staff.  From what I hear, kids love the water park.  Just not our style.
If Star of India (SoI) is named after the historic ship that set sail from Great Britain to India then it is best to declare at the beginning that there is nothing worth remembering about this place and there is little that keeps you afloat in the morass of ordinary fare. \n\nLike many other Indian restaurants in the valley, the smell of Indian cooking hangs in the air and permeates every piece of furnishing. The place does not disappoint when it comes to service, it is warm, quick and attentive. The complimentary papadums (Indian flatbread) with homemade chutneys (condiments) is usually the high point of a meal at SoI. \n\nExperiences with the order could be as follows: \nGobi Parantha (Indian bread stuffed with cauliflower)- The real thing is meant to be fluffy and served with butter but the SoI parantha resembles a topping-less thin crust pizza. \nLamb korma- The gravy is thick, nutty with a lot of authentic flavours but the meat tastes pre-cooked. \nChicken biriyani- it is difficult to describe the God-food that is biryani but SoI manages to serve a new variation which is nothing more than chicken pieces thrown into a mishmash of rice and vegetables. \nDisheartenment with the over-priced, sub-standard food could lead to a decision of not ordering dessert. \n\nFinally, as observed in other reviews and the menu, if you visit this place then stick with the tandoori stuff and Chef's specialities. However in that case the excitement of an extensive menu will be lost.
I've been hesitant to try Pasta Bar since they first opened.  We've been to Turf half a dozen times and usually it is the price-point that keeps me from wandering to the back of the complex and trying Pasta Bar.  I finally got my mother to take us out so that I didn't have to pay for it.  \n\nPasta Bar seems to have the worst location of the three restaurants in the complex.  There is no patio, no windows, and no personality.  It is too bad because Italian places are always begging for style.  A mirror, a few paintings, some duct work, and a nicely-crafted bar sort of make up the entire ambiance of  PB.\n\nThe place was dead when we got there.  It was Saturday afternoon and Turf seemed to be pretty busy.  The waitress was helpful and informative when we got in and we looked over the lunch menu.  They had a lunch special where you picked lemonade or tea, got a salad, and a different type of cavatelli.  I had lemonade and the pesto pasta.  \n\nThe lemonade was the most sour thing I had ever drank.  In fact, I think it was made of liquefied lemon Warheads.  No amount of sugar was going to make this drinkable.  It was pretty disappointing.  \n\nAs far as the breadstick thing goes, they were fine.  I think I would rather them bring out a basket of breadsticks instead of them sitting on the table like a package of chopsticks.  They taste fine.\n\nMy pasta really wasn't that great.  The pesto was nice and light, which was a bit surprising.  It tasted good but could have had more garlic.  The pasta, however, was undercooked and rubbery.  I love non-flour pasta and I will almost always order gnocci or cavatelli if they are available and this was simply not that great.  It was fine but could have been better.\n\nThe salad was actually worse than the salad that comes with the Fez Burger.  I didn't think such a thing was possible, but Pasta Bar has figured out how to make it.  They apparently take an entire stalk of celery and chop it up and throw it in with 5 pieces of lettuce and an orange tomato.  The celery taste was so overwhelming that I couldn't possible eat more than two bites of it.  That's fine, I don't go to a pasta place for the salad, but I would have been fine with a traditional salad.\n\nIn all, the lunch special for $12 is a fine deal.  The pasta is decent.  My mother had the other cavatelli (with the pomodoro sauce).  It was much better than mine.  I can't give this place a bad review but I would probably not go back.  With so many other food options next door or just down the rail/street, it is hard to see myself going back.
This was my first time here to the Phoenix, AZ area and wanted to try something other than Mexican food.  I choose CherryBlossom Noodle Cafe as it was an interesting place and I was in the mood for Ramen.  I had the Spicy Lettuce Wrap with Shrimps & Vegetables to start.  It was good but I do not see how anyone could eat it as a wrap...very messy (I ended up putting the lettuce in the bowl and ate it with a spoon).  For the main dish, I orded the Ramen TanTan-Men.  The Ramen, I would have to say was pretty good and was enough to fill you up.  Over all I would rate this place 3 stars and I would come back.
Very pleasantly surprised by Moto Sushi, this being said from some one that has ate an enormous amount of Great sushi in the Northwest ( Seattle, Vancouver, and San Fran). I was very skeptical at first, because it's dicey in Phoenix when it comes to getting good fresh Sushi. Ordered the eda mame and spring rolls for appetizers, both were great!! The plum sauce for the spring rolls was delicious. Ordered alaska roll and rainbow roll, and I was not disappointed at all. The place itself was very busy when we arrived, however the service was timely and on point. I would recommend this place to anyone that comes to Phoenix for sushi. Prices are not bad either, and by the looks of the Happy Hour menu very good prices to get your sushi on. I'd give this place 3.5 stars if I could.
One of my favorite lunch places. Smoke from the grill fills your nose (and lungs) as soon as you walk in the door. Mmmm, grilled meat. The carnitas are always good at this place and the grilled shrimp tacos rock. The Mexican pizza is what it's all about; chicken or beef, it's piled high with lots of good stuff.\n\nIn addition to the freshly cooked food, La Tolteca has an extensive selection from the bakery. Tons of sugary goodness. There is also a small market with some fresh veggies and a butcher shop, including roasted chicken, ribs and carnitas.\n\nIf you eat there, be sure to check out the murals on the walls.
This is a really good place to eat....most of the time. I have tried several things off the menu but there is really only one thing I like there, Lunch. Otherwise I would have given it higher marks. they have a fantastic ginger dressing with the lunch salad and to date is still my favorite dressing period. They serve it in advance of the lunch item you ordered and fried won-ton chips come with that. The combined flavors and crunchy of the chips make it a great intro to the main lunch item.\n\nMy one and only favorite thing at Flo's it the Ginger Beef. It's in a dark spicy sauce and I also order it with peanuts. This flavor combination will rock you and the beef is very tender.\n\nTry it for lunch some time.
I decided to try this place for a good hangover breakfast today. The place is very small and there was no wait. The server looked a little greasy but was very nice. I ordered the biscuits and gravy with sausage and hash-browns. The gravy is fantastic! The hash-browns tasted burnt, but didn't look like it....weird. The sausage link was awful!! I'm not sure what the problem was but it just did not taste good. My friend had the corned beef hash. It was very good. I will be back to try lunch, without hash-browns and sausage.
Review based on 1 night stay on the ground floor:\n\nIn town for an event at ASU, Embassy is always the first choice.\n\nPROs:\n+ Upon check in, they gave us complimentary internet\n+ Nice welcome note in room\n+ Suite was clean and everything in working order, furniture in good shape\n+ Free hot breakfast (5 Stars for staff, very friendly and attentive.  Especially appreciated the extra care they took with the little ones)\n+ Price for night was fair at $105.\n\nCONs:\n- Parking - There must have been an event last night, because it was very difficult finding a parking spot\n- Power outlets, could use a few more power outlets in easier to reach locations\n- A bit noisy on the ground floor in the front room.  Not sure if this is the norm here or because of events.  If you want quiet, I'd recommend higher floors to minimize noise from foot traffic outside.\n\nDidn't get a chance to use shuttle service or pool.  Though the pool looked like it was well maintained.  If I'm in the area in the future, I would return to this location.
we happened upon Olive & Ivy while touring scottsdale yesterday, and needed a lunch spot quick (we love to eat, and when we get together, its basically an eating festival).  we took a look at the menu and decided to go for the cheaper option of the counter service were i got a $7 salad of mixed greens, two cherry tomatoes and an ice cream scoop of tuna.  it was okay. it did the trick.  my friend ate a curry chicken pita which looked excellent and which she enjoyed.  \n\nour server/cashier girl was very nice and suggested a drink that my friend tried and liked. and she was quick with the service, so all in all, a good experience. i wouldn't particularly call this place mediterranean, but it's definitely targeting rich people who care about having 8 different brands of bottled water to choose from.
Good, solid slice pizza but a bit pricey. This is my second time eating here, both times were good. Crust is very good, however the sauce was a bit bland this time. One other thing, I asked for tomatoes and they put raw, diced tomatoes on top (the kind you would expect on a taco) rolling off the edge of the pizza - bad idea. Still, this is a step up from Ray's or Barro's if you're in the mood for a slice. But I still think the best sliced pizza in the area is AJ's.
"""Peoria and Phoenix both seem to lack all-you-can-eat sushi places. After going to college in Tucson, where there were all-you-can-eat sushi restaurants galore, I felt really deprived moving back to Peoria. This is the closest thing I could find on the northwest part of the valley. \nYes, as my friend once complained, it does smell like fish when you walk into the restaurant, but that's to be expected. It's an Asian seafood buffet! \nI think I have been here about 4-5 times, and I still haven't gotten sick yet. I'll be honest. There's been days where the sashimi has been really fresh like around 5pm today (a Sunday), but during the weekdays, there has been times when it hasn't been as fresh. It's just a gamble I guess, but I feel like it's best to come on a Sunday now. They seems to switch the variety of sushi rolls too each time I've been there.\nToday, since it was Sunday, there was a lot of variety of cooked food too. There was stuffed crab, roasted duck, stuffed shrimp, roast beef, and crab legs. They had steak that could be cooked upon ordering. There was also a variety of Korean, Chinese and Japaneses noodles as well as some Dim Sum favorites. My dad ate mussels and fried frog legs if you can believe it. The mussels I understand, but I was pretty surprised they had fried frog legs. Disclaimer: my family will eat almost anything and everything - I guess one could call us \taste adventurers.\"""" \nThe variety of desserts was okay. They had carrot cake squares, bland flan, and bread pudding. They always carry green tea ice cream, which is pretty good. \nI'm praising the variety of food as you can tell. I'm not praising how amazing the food is. The food is overall just good for what it's worth. It cost about $55 for the three of us: my dad, my husband, and I to stuff our faces and go into food comas. Usually, that's how much my husband and I spend on 5-6 specialty rolls at a regular sushi bar."""""""
What a treat!  This Western themed restaurant is as hokey as it gets.  We went to Rustler's Rooste for a rehearsal dinner and the set-up outside was pretty cool with city views.  Between the rattlesnake appetizers, fried shrimp, bbq chicken and the many libations, we had good time.  The food was only mediocre, but the service was good and the tourist nature of the spot was entertaining.\n\nOne plus for the family folks is that kids...LOTS of kids are welcome.  There is a fenced-in bull when you walk in and a slide with lots of screaming kiddos.  The prices are a little steep for the quality but it is a tourist trap, so be prepared.
"""Atmosphere is great for dining but the \Chipotle-Style\"""" line you go through to order your food while they prepare it in front of you is less than appealing.  But hey... at least you can see what they are doing while making your food? :)\n\nMy wife and I had a burro and some enchildas and they were both very good.  The homemade chips are a little greasy but other than that, they have a great salsa bar televisions with sporting events so that you can enjoy a good game while having your Mexican food."""""""
I never had a sister...but I remember while I was still very young being able to rummage through my moms closet... I remember this cool blue velvety/terry cloth track suit she had that I really liked....ahh the '80s...but then I hit the 4th grade....\n\nThe 2 times I have been in here the only things I found of interest were some of the shoes and the handbags and purses.  As for the clothes, they really don't carry anything in plus sizes.  Or at least not for plus size under 50 years old and even then the selection is slim.  \nFor those under a size 10 you may be able to find a few more things.  I find the prices to be reasonable (although I have yet to buy anything.) \n\nIt's a clothing consignment store so you have folks bringing in their stuff for evaluation.  \nThey seem to like Chicos, and there are racks of Chicos stuff.  So if that is your thing you may be able to put together an outfit or 3.  Or you may be able to sell your stuff to them. But they do have other high end designer brands here, without much looking.  \n\nWhile it's not for me, I do feel it is worthy of checking out.
Went in on with idea of eating someplace we'd never been before but have always been curious about.  Starting with the location, excellent spot, very centric and near everything in central Phoenix.  The facade with the star wall is excellent marketing and identity management technique since they also use it as a brand stamp throughout, also really cool looking.  Entry is cute with the little organic veggie gardens growing.  Inside is cute although the chairs in the main tabled dining area were rather uncomfortable.  Waiter was good, and a great atmosphere, pretty people, a good place to go on a date.  Now the good stuff.  We tried two pizzas 12 in.  The marguerita was delicious n very stretch melty cheese, fresh basil and warm juicy tomatoes on the crispy clean dough was excellent.  Tried the Funghi pizza and was VERY delicious!  The special and delicate flavors of the wild mushroom and truffle oil came out nicely and were the centerpiece of the pizza.  They are a bit pricey, and honestly considered going to oreganos down the road for bigger bang for the buck, but stayed to humor our craving for  some high priced gourmet pizza.  Beats Picassoz blandness any day.  Definitely recommend it for going on a date, or hanging out with a pretty, cool friend.  :)
Based on the reviews, I almost didn't come here and while it's definitely not my favorite froyo place, I didn't have quite the negative experience everyone else seems to have had.  I wish I could give a 3.5 star rating.\n\nFirst off, it was pretty late in the evening so it wasn't super crowded or anything (based on the always-present crowd at Yogurtland, this might e a bad sign for this place).  The one thing I liked immediately is that they have sample cups available by the self-serve bowls.  I've felt at other places that I have to beg for samples so this was a big plus.\n\nI ended up going with the plain tart (not the absolute best I've had, but better than some), custard (which might as well be called yellow cake), and cookies 'n cream (this one tasted a little less artificially sweetened than Yogurtland's).\n\nSome of the other flavors tasted pretty artificial - i.e. banana and strawberries & cream - and some were just too sweet (and I have a HUGE sweet tooth) - i.e. Cardinal's crush and the blue island one.\n\nI was a little disappointed that Skittles were not available as a topping because I checked their website before visiting and saw it was a topping option.  Maybe they'll have it next time.\n\nOn my way out, I asked the girl working there how often they switch out flavors and she told me they change two out everyday.  Excited to go back and try new flavors!
Some friends and I stopped in for Happy Hour before we were on our way to Mesa Arts Center. We walked in at about 5:15 and I really dug the place. There was interesting art on the walls, quite a few artsy looking people, and TWO people working. Two! Their menu looked amazing and I decided to go with a pear and brie sandwich. I wish I would have known it was going to take almost an hour for our food to be served. Once I got my food we were running late so I had to gobble it down. It was ok, but nothing special. Maybe it was just an off day for them, but the service was horrible.
"""Every time I visit my parents, I pass this place and see a long line of cars. Curiosity (and a good set of luggage my parents found here) finally convinced me to stop by. \n\nWell, it's a flea market. WYSIWYG. There's the good (nice luggage, some nice jewelry, some good foodstuffs), the bad (the same \authentic\"""" Southwestern stuff you find in any gift shop from San Antonio to San Diego), and the ugly (several \""""I [heart] Columbus\"""" Beanie Babies). \n\nI'll come back if I'm looking for something in particular (chiefly luggage or salsa) or want to get a souvenir for a relative I don't like very much."""""""
Hanny's atmosphere is exactly what a Downtown bar should be: cool and relaxed, yet sophisticated. It is definitely the place to go if you want to enjoy a classy drink in a supper club atmosphere.\n\nI have yet to move past the drink menu, so that is just about all I can criticize. The caipirinha is pretty well balanced, although I could have done without the rock candy swizzle stick (I know that a sugar cane garnish may be tough to come by in Phoenix, so we don't mind if you leave it out). They use Cacha\u00e7a 51 which isn't my favorite, but it is passable.\n\nThe sidecar was strong. Not in a good way. I enjoy sidecars because they incorporate a lot of different sweet flavors, but this just made me feel like a lush drinking a citrus-flavored martini.\n\nSpeaking of martinis, the gin martini was decent, although tiny (but a good buy for $5).\n\nThe staff is friendly and flirty -- in fact, my friend slipped the waiter my phone number after we noticed him admiring my shoes. Yep, it was that kind of night.
"""Not a bad place.  It's located off the 202 Loop near the Bass Pro Shops.\n\nI'm a west coast girl so I've never heard of this place before until I saw it on my way to Home Depot that is in the same area.  I had asked a friend about it and he swore it had the best breakfast he's ever had.  Clearly he's never been to Black Bear Diner!\n\nWent on a Sunday...biiiig mistake.  As we were waiting to be seated, my friend and I realized we weren't the following...\n\na) religious enough (it was Sunday, so I'll cut some slack on that)\nb) old enough\nc) tacky enough\nd) cranky enough\n\nMy eyes.  OMYEYES! I was blinded by the sequins and dazzled from the home bedazzled shirts.  OMYEYES! I swear, everyone was over 60 and complaining about their meals. I was surrounded by senior citizens who bitched and complained then threatened to NOT pay for their meals.  Personally, I felt like they were scamming the place. I know customer service is a thankless job, but sometimes customers are way too cheap and shouldn't be eating out.\n\nBreakfast wasn't so bad, but I found it incredibly bland and laden with salt. Within an hour of eating there I was *parched*. Their \sourdough\"""" pancakes didn't remind me of sourdough in the slightest. Their scrambled eggs seemed to have been made from liquid eggs, solidifying my belief that I'm too young for this establishment. The only true highlight were the corn muffins that were brought out while we waiting.  YUM.\n\nI felt so cheap and tacky walking through Home Depot after while guzzling 4 bottles of water.  Yes, I paid for them. The fluid retention from my salt intake was enough to make me think they had some MSG in their food.\n\nLong review short? If you like salty food and cantankerous seniors, this place is for you."""""""
"""This place is aggravating.\n\nI think it's because when you hear of Mexican food in the Phoenix Metro area... this is place ALWAYS gets mentioned... and WHY?? ugh, aggravating!\n\nAnd then you go... and are like \Okay... I can see it, the duck pond is purty.\"""" and then u enter and are stared at by every half drunk person in the bar and are then shown to your table. It's a little busy and people seem to be enjoying themselves.... alright, another good sign of goodness to come. The chips and salsa are even decent.... \n\nand then the server comes. And she can BARELY speak a word of English... you try and try and still can't understand her and then u just give up and point to the menu like you're some drunken college student stopping off at Denny's before heading back to the dorm after a CRAZY night at the frat house! \n\nShe writes some stuff down and then after what feels like an eternity, she plops down a HUGE plate of whatever you ordered and all it's rubbery good-less. *shudders*\n\nyup, aggravating. \n\nYou try and try and become convinced that something isn't right. You think, what IS that flavor?? Nana never made anything that tasted like THAT!! But alas, your efforts are in vain... that's the horrifying facts of this would be chain. It's 90% processed foods. It's not that good. And it's what I call \""""safe\"""" Mexican food. and it's very tourist friendly, it IS right next to a resort! And for some strange reason, it makes the list of places to dine when hankering for \""""authentic\"""" Mexican food. \nYup... aggravating."""""""
"""I'd like to give this more stars as it is family owned but I just couldn't. .  The only reason we went to this restaurant was we had a groupon for two entrees up to 25 each and a house bottle of wine.  The staff was extremely friendly, attentive and engaging.  There were a couple options with the house wine and we went with the merlot.    The food was average, portions small to average.  Im not sure if I'd come here again as the price for the quality of food isn't worth it to me. \n\nThe groupon was a bust.  It cost  $39.00 and was a \$78\"""" dollar value.  Total spending on groupon plus tax tip and a bottle of water was 69.00.   The entrees we picked were 22 and 23 dollars.  Our included bottle of wine was 26 dollars. Of course I googled it.  Turned out to be  a   $3.00 bottle of wine called 3 wishes from Cali.   Quite the mark up.  Next time i'll go to whole foods and get the case for 33.00.  Groupon didn't provided much of a savings on this."""""""
I'll get straight to the point.  The pepperoni pizza wasn't any better than frozen, microwaveable pizza I've bought at the market.  All I could taste was the charred crust.  Maybe it was our fault for not getting their house specialty BBQ chicken pizza, but if they char the crust on that as much as they did w/ this, then I'll pass on that as well.  The description actually states that there's a slight char (since they grill the pizzas), but I would hardly describe our pizza as being slightly charred.  All we could taste was the char.\n\nThe Fontina burger was good.  The veggies were fresh (as they are grown basically in the backyard of the restaurant) and each bite was just tender and savory.  I really enjoyed it.\n\nThe onion rings were crispy and flavorful, but I wouldn't get the chili cheese fries again.  Nothing special there.\n\nThey have a ribs and waffles combo that I'd want to try if I were to ever return.\n\nBTW, interesting bathroom.  That's all I'll say about that.
"""Rather busy for a Wednesday evening, unfortunate since it appeared there were only two people in the kitchen.  The website declares Corbin's as \the neighborhood bar and grill meets the 21st century,\"""" which seems a fairly accurate description, 21st century prices and all.  Mum quite enjoyed her portabello sandwich, ungarnished scotch sour earned points for being shaken not stirred with my aunt, and I was quite pleased with the spinach ravioli.  Noisy place -- but I'm at a lovely level of full, so cheers."""""""
Dear A.T.S.\n\nI am one of your customers. So much in fact that your employees know my name. And so it is with love that I share these things with you:\n \n* Your food is good but overpriced...there I said it. Times are hard, we know your making a bundle, why should a burrito and coke cost me $10?\n* Your margaritas suck...too sweet and carbonated!\n* Your happy hour tacos are puny\n* Quit advertising 'al pastor' anything...btw they gave me the runs (true story).\n* This white girl loves Mana but you guys are over doing it...spice up your music selection!\n\nAll in all decent place but feel like your being cheap on us. That's a quick way to lose business.\n\nYours truly
"""The bald bartender here reminded me of Peter M. Don't know him? Skip the rest of this paragraph. You do know him? Keep reading. So yeah, besides this tall, bald and skinny thing he had going on, he had this way of talking to you that made you unsure whether or not he was mocking you. But considering he was the snap-his-fingers-and-point-at-you-cool-guy kind of guy, I don't think he was mocking. I think he was just a tool. And then when Dramarama came on the radio he looked at me and said \Bet you can't name this band\"""". Uh, ok, idiot, only I grew up in NJ, which is where they're from, and I've seen them play a million times. \n\nSo, besides the Peter M-like bartender, this place is a decent place to waste some time waiting for your flight. They play good music - surprisingly good for a sports bar. The drinks are ok, though it sucks that they don't have Jameson. Every bar should have Jameson. And they could use some hooks under the bar so you can hang your bags. The food looked pretty good, though I didn't try any.\n\nBut remember that this is an airport bar and you will probably get in a lot of trouble for kicking the bartender in the balls after he snaps and points at you while winking and giving you the old tongue click. Better to find our dear Peter M back here and take your aggravations out on him."""""""
"""A friend of mine has been going on and on about this place!  So finally, he and I went to lunch there!  Like Mr. K, we were the only ones there for lunch.  The same thing happened, walked in and staff stopped talking, looked at us quizzically, smiled and ushered us to take a table.\n\nMy only other experience with \Russian\"""" food was in Berkeley, and it was run by sophisticated Muscovites.  So having a family style Russian meal simply intrigued me in wondrous ways.  \n\nIt was obvious from the buzz and the extra elaborate decor that there was a party planned for later that evening.  The disco ball was adorned with navy blue satinized ribbons matched with silver Mylar.  I had to ask my friend if this was usual, and he said no...it's extraordinary.\n\nOur suspicions were confirmed when we started ordering, \""""No we don't have.  no we don't have.  no we don't have.  We have big party.\""""  Okay...so she suggested alternatives to what we initially wanted.  We ended up with cabbage salad, bean salad, borscht, bread, beef kebab, lamb kebab...oh the eggplant salad also.  We had a lot of food for two people!  The food was definitely home-y.\n\nI would put this restaurant on my quarterly circulation, but I can't see myself visiting more frequently.  It's too out of the way for me.\n\nMy rec...go for lunch and have the lamb kebab and borscht, you'll be full for hours!"""""""
The place isn't hard to find, just keep an eye out on the left when you're heading south on Central. Get to Lincoln and take a left.\n My first impression, parking is waaay tiny and seemed to be first come first set-the-rule-for-everybody-else.\n I guess after 5 it's valet, so add a second tip into what you expect to spend when comin' out. I'm not cheap but I dislike the valet in your face idea that seems to be creeping up to casual places. But hey, that's me.\n\n Your first experience is the retail area. Some of the clothes look fun but it's pretty much greys, khaki's, and greens in various rugged incarnations. Kinda wish I'd have gotten some of those boots though. \n\n The produce area was an afterthought. I'm at a place that has a a portion of the word 'Produce' as it's name and the only thing that I considered taking home was a lemon...to clean my garbage disposal. I had been hoping for some jalapenos or cabbage or pickled something. The salsa in the mason jar was tempting, I'll probably get some next time. And those boots.\n\n A  nice fella came over to chat me up when he saw I was poking about. He explained to me some of the highlights of the place, the old school bus they'll use to ferry people to first friday and home games, the stadium benches they have in front of a decent size projection screen for watching games (and a larger flatscreen in the booze area!), etc. etc. He was warm and genuine and told me that they really want to be a place for locals. Come down, bring a book, get a soda or a beer, take a nap, hit the heavy bag for a bit and grab some grub before going home. Like a YMCA for the hip and spendy. \n When I was there two guys were doing a pretty legit workout. Pullups, speed bag, timing each other, etc. There is something ultra satisfying to be sitting at a bar, drinking a beer, with the *real* sound of a slappity-thump-thump badass on the speedbag.\n\n I could see doing that. I got a vibe of  potential hang out, regular friendly, new social experience. \n\n The staff was great at handling somebody who was trying to figure out what was what with a place that is wearing so many hats at once.  \n The bar has a great selection of drinks made easy. If all else fails you can pickup a chalkboard menu at several spots and just point at what you want. The beers are on ice right in front of you so when you take that first drink you're reminded that not all beer should be Sono-err-Sun Up Brewing style and served a fistful of degrees above room. If it's triple digits outside and you're in a big brick building an ice cold beer can kick ass. \n I gotta say though, a can of Old Milwaukee, for $4? Really? I can get a six pack of Simpler Times at Trader Joe's for less than that.\n I didn't get to try the food, I was still stuffed from lunch, but the smells coming off the grill were great.\n\n If this place gets some decent happy hour specials I'll be there pretty often.
Only come here for Dim Sum for sit it.  Food was OK/good.  Should only come during weekends...not too many options come out during the week (don't blame them...not a consistent flow of customers).  The dim sum was good, but think it won't get better than this in AZ.  Had better in higher asian area/community (CA/WA).  Service is on the slower side, but wasn't expecting more from them.  Take out is not too much better, but convenient for busier days.  Person behind the counter don't seem like they want to work there...but who does.  Best place in east valley for Dim Sum, but only in AZ.
i've gotten lunch here a few times and it's pretty much Meh,. yea the bbq is pretty good. most are. there are really good sauces, and there are some that are so vile that i would make any body vomit.\nHoney Bear's sauce is in the middle it's good, but not great. the meats are pretty good. but nothing to write home about, or anything that will win national awards on teh  BBQ meats circuit. if you forced to eat in a 1 mile drive from work, this place will do fine. if your coming from far away...just stay away.
I'm surprised I had never eaten at El Pollo Loco.  But Jeff Lewis seems pretty fond of it, either that or El Pollo Loco pays him extreme amounts of money to eat it on the show.  And I LOVE that show, so I thought I might love El Pollo Loco, too.\n\nI went with the twice grilled chicken burrito, not sure if the twice grilled part referred to grilling the chicken twice or grilling the chicken once and then grilling the burrito.  It was the latter.  Anywho, filled with chicken breast, pico, sour cream, guac, and a little cheese, it was quite tasty, and probably pretty healthy wouldn't you think?  I like that you get a little bag of tortilla chips with your order.  Also sampled the black beans, but they were a barbeque bean, not my thing.\n\nIt was fun to see strawberry soda on the fountain, too, which I had to have, much to my husband's horror.  This from the man who drinks orange soda routinely.  \n\nThe restaurant was reasonably clean, but my shoes stuck to the floor, perhaps from someone else's sickeningly sweet strawberry soda.  It was a nice change to have your order brought to the table.  I hate the lingering at the counter you get at most fast food restaurants.\n\nToo bad my somewhat healthy burrito had 796 calories, and 39g of fat.  While I might return to El Pollo Loco if convenient, I wouldn't go out of my way for that kind of nutrition.  I would opt for a (insert name)berto burrito instead.\n\nAnd BTW, you can catch the new season of Flipping Out Tuesdays on Bravo.  Now that's useful information!
PROS:  5 star salads that are HUGE, menu diversity, speed of service during lunch hour.  I hear alot of great stuff about their wraps, but I'm personally not a wrap kind of guy.\n\nMiddle of the road:  Entrees are predictable and tend to fulfill expectations, but nothing more.  Hummus offerings are clever and satisfying, but they can be beat in taste and texture even by prepackaged ones from places like AJ's.\n\nCONS:   The negatives are mostly non-food related.  Can be bonkers-crowded during weekday lunch hours, cars and parking lot are right in your face whether you are inside or outside, staff is speedy and businesslike but rather aloof, and, unfortunately, layout and overall design of the place is average-to-unappealing, and a bit uncomfortable.\n\nI may be too hard on this place, as Mediterranean fare and fusion ranks fairly low on my list, so even when it is done spectacularly well, it still doesn't stir my spirit too much.  That said, I can't say that they really do anything spectacularly well here EXCEPT for those huge, amazing salads.  If you're a salad kind of guy or gal, order with confidence.
Upon entering White Chocolate Grill, it's immediately apparent that they've tried to recreate the decor and atmosphere of Houston's which simply invites customers to compare their experience to a comparable dinner at the restaurant that they are attempting to emulate.  Perusing the menu confirms this as there are many of the same items listed.  Unfortunately, however, the food quality and wine list do not compare to Houston's and I would have gladly paid the extra $50 to have simply dined there.\n\nAt 8:45 on a Saturday night, we arrived to find almost no other customers dining.  We ordered the tortilla soup, Caesar salad, and veggie burger, all items that we've had before at Houston's.  The soup was flavorful, but not as good, the salad was glopped with a heavy Caesar dressing (it's counterpart at Houston's is light and eggless), the veggie burger was good, but nothing that would bring us rushing back.  A positive, however, is that we did get a side of mashed potatoes with the veggie burger which was very good and is an item not offered at Houston's.  All in all, this appears to be an example of a situation in which the original is just better in all regards than a knock-off. Our meal wasn't terrible, but just not nearly as good.  Next time, we will drive a few extra miles south and head to Houston's.
"""I enjoy PF Chang's and usually come here for lunch for their yummy vegetarian wraps. Yes, that is under their appetizer section, but I always get it for my meal and am always super satisfied after all my lettuce cups are gone. They do offer lunch specials, that will run you eight to ten bucks, that come with rice and a cup of soup, but I have never tried them because I am boring and always get the tofu wraps (seriously yummy). The service has never been great, but those veggie lettuce wraps still keep me coming back. \n\nI also have to mention that PF Changs is the first place I witnessed the \mini\"""" desserts, which now I see almost everywhere. I am a huge fan of their s'mores mini! So much flavor in such a little glass, with a fun little spoon, to eat your little calorie filled (well in comparison to the full size) dessert. Nice job PF Chang's, now to train for your Rock n Roll half marathon I am running to help burn off the calories I consume at your restaurant year round..."""""""
"""After two weeks of a major craving for some Cuban food (guess I'm feeling a little homesick lately), I took advantage of my day off from work to make the 45 minute drive to Sabor Cubano from Chandler. \n\nI was looking forward to having a Cuban meal prepared by a Cuban mom. I suspected it MUST be better than Havana Cafe (no offense to them, their food isn't bad).  I just know what homestyle Cuban cooking tastes like and that's what I was hoping to get.  Hopefully some ropa vieja, some black beans, some tostones... perhaps take home some croquetas. And of course, some Cuban bread which I'd been craving like a fiend for 2 weeks here. \n\nAlso, I'd heard it was a buffet. Pretty cool, I guess, so I could just get a little bit of this or that, and taste the rest of their dishes, in addition to what I wanted. \n\nWhen i got there, I walked in to find it was NOT a buffet anymore, but a full service sit-down restaurant. I walked in, and there were a few empty booths, but otherwise the place was pretty busy. Two servers walked by me several times, and I just stood there, unsure if I should just grab a table or if I had to wait to be seated. Finally one of the girls asks me if I have been helped (which i think she knew the answer, so the question was pretty unnecessary). \n\nOnce at my table, it took another long while to get one of them to come to my table. I want to say 15 minutes, but I'm guessing it was more like 5 and i was just so hungry that it felt like an eternity. I got my glass of water, which on a 114-degree day could have been a gallon of water and I still wouldn't have quenched my thirst. I placed my order, starting with the major stuff - ropa vieja with rice and black beans, and a side of tostones. Then I asked for some croquetas to go. \Oh we don't have any more...\"""" What? it's barely 12 PM and you opened at 1130, and you don't have any croquetas left? What the F? I was so disappointed. She pointed to a large party in the center of the room and said they pretty much ordered all of them. F-ing greedy gluttons. Anyway, so then I ask her if they have Cuban bread. She says they don't make Cuban bread, but they have some little rolls they will bring out before my meal with some butter and garlic. Boo.\n\nA few mintues later, the little breads arrive. Nothing memorable, I could have done without them. But I ate them anyway. Did I mention I was starrrrrrving?\n\nAs I waited for my meal, I took some time to look around and take in the scenery. The other diners were a pretty eclectic mix, some obviously latinos, some obviously not, some hard to tell. But the place was packed. I found it odd that the waitresses would bring out a table's dishes one at a time, rather than on a tray wiht a little table, the way i've always seen it done at most cuban restaurnats. No wonder it takes forever to get some service. The huge party in the center of the room - wow... it took forever for everyone on the table to have a dish in front of them. And hten another table, one at a time. And then another... Jeez! no hustle whatsoever to get people their food... I guess if I'd been there with other people the long wait would not have felt so long, but I was sitting there by myself with nothing to do but observe and wait.\n\nFinally got my food. Let's see... Ropa vieja, REALLY good. Honestly I loved this part of my meal the best. Spiced just right, not too much tomato sauce or liquid, not overpowered by peppers and onions. Just the right blend. White rice, it was fine. Just white rice. I didn't eat much of it. Tostones - AWESOME. Crispy, not greasy, and not \""""raw\"""" in the middle the way the thicker cut tostones are at some other restaurants. How did they know to make them just how I like them?! Damn. I wish there'd been more than three. And then there were the black beans. They were good. Just good. But then again, I am biased. My madrina holds the title for \""""Best Frijoles Negros in the World\"""". But these were good. i'd eat them again.\n\nI didn't order dessert or a drink. After the disappointing croqueta/cuban bread news, I just wanted to eat my food and go. \n\nI did end up hanging out with one of the owner's daughters, and I learned they came to AZ via LA. She said she'd been to Miami once, but doesn't remember a lot about that trip. From our conversation, I gathered there was a bit of a disconnect between \""""these\"""" Cubans and the Cubans from my hometown in terms of food. She didn't know what a frita is. So of course I got her email address and emailed her a couple of photos of a frita masterpiece from El Rey de Las Fritas.\n\nShe did reassure me that they normally don't run out of croquetas like this, but that if I ever want some of her mom's home made croquetas, i can call ahead and they'll hold them for me. She also makes pastelitos de guayaba. \n\nSo... the final word on Sabor Cubano. I liked the food I had. Wish they'd have a few things they don't seem to have (namely el Pan Cubano!) Come on, Phoenix! Get with the program already!"""""""
Food is great, but service is horrible.  The servers are rude and it took a 30 minutes to get our drinks and another 30 for our food. I really liked this place when it first opened.  We live in the area and had hoped for this to be a regular place for us to come to eat, drink and meet friends. I hope the management fixes the problem with the service.  If you are going to try this place, I suggest you sit at the bar for better service.
"""I heard big things about Butterfield's, and the huge crowd and wait seemed to give credibility to the hype.  We waited about 20 minutes on a Monday morning, which is pretty long for a weekday.\n\nI ordered the Eggs Benedict, which is my breakfast staple. I was disappointed as soon as my food arrived. The hollandaise didn't pass my visual test... too light in color, too runny looking. I took a bite and knew my instincts were correct. It had a \grainy\"""" texture and was just ok. Hollandaise is the key to a good Benedict.  Anyone can serve an English muffin, Canadian bacon and poached eggs. Hollandaise is what requires a little magic. My hash browns were also a touch undercooked for my liking.\n\nIt was \""""A-OK,\"""" but nothing more than that. 3 stars."""""""
Had lunch here yesterday with my husbands mom and sister. we started with bloody Mary's and they were super yummy I would come back for those alone. ordered the bruchetta for starters and it was OK, a little steep in price $12 for 4 pieces, they are big slices of bread but big being WAY to thick, we chose 4 different kinds and I liked one and the other two were ehhh. we all ordered different items so we could share and taste. I got the brie salad and it was pretty good the raspberry dressing made it, every now and then I ate a piece of lettuce that tasted like dirt but all in all it was good. sister in law got the Ruben and man was that pastrami thick, I think the slicing made it tuff and chewy. mom in law got the soup sandwich combo , mushroom brie soup was super yummy but her chicken cordon blue was nasty the chicken had that weird been reheated in the microwave taste yuck I ate one bite and that was it. service was good,  place was super cute, prices were a little steep for what you get.   It was a 30 min drive for me so not sure if I will go back.
My boyfriend and I have been meaning to visit this place for a year now and finally made it over to Havana Cafe this week. The restaurant is small and quaint, nothing fancy but we enjoyed it. Since it was our first visit, we had a few questions on the menu, but our server wasn't really able to answer any of our questions. He did recommend the calypso chips and black bean dip, which we enjoyed. The Ropa Vieja that I ordered was good and the Paradise Pulled Pork that my boyfriend ordered was a little bland but also good. However, although we enjoyed it, I wouldn't really say these dishes are worth $15-$20 per plate, either in flavor or portion size. I wouldn't say we were disappointed in the visit, we did enjoy our food, but I'm giving it 3 starts for being average in flavor and overpriced (in our opinion.)
Trying to think of something new for my lunch date with Robert M., I remembered they had a $5 burger basket at Zuma's. I hadn't been there for lunch before, I typically stay away from bars when I am working.. Something about a stale nighttime booze smell is not the best for daytime lunch spot.. We walked in (yes the booze smell was there), we were immediately seated and ordered ice tea.  \n\nTo my surprise the $5 basket could be a burger or a chicken sandwich with your choice of 3 toppings and came with fries. I opted for the chicken with avocado, pepper jack cheese and bacon. Our order came fast and our bill was under $8 bucks.\n\nWasn't the best chicken sandwich in the world but it was worth $5 and I would go back again, but probably sit outside on the patio this time to avoid the smell.
People are very nice.  Prices are good and portions are generous (for the fry's at least).  (note that the place is on the south side of bell, not the north as indicated on Google maps)\n\nMy friend and I tried both the natural cut fries and the crinkle fries.  I prefer the crinkle as did my friend.  The natural cut fries don't seem to be par cooked before the fry.  They were soft, a little oily and and salty and not crispy at all.  I thought they would go great with some malt vinegar, but the flavors seemed to clash a little.  \n\nI had the regular burger, it is served with no sauces.  The patty was a little on the small side, next time I will try the Angus burger or maybe a double patty.\n\nThe fried mushrooms were good.  A little flavor from the oil, but not bad and well cooked.  I preferred the ranch to the red sauce. \n\nMy friend had a loaded hot dog and was happy with it.  He didn't report a snap to it. \n\nI would put the place on part with Windy City Sliders and maybe a not below Ted's.\n\nIt is a long drive for me.  But I have a friend I do lunch with on Saturdays and taking a drive is usually part of that.    But next time we can share an order of fries between us easily.
"""Stopped in here for lunch today with Robyn N. & Mike C.  I love tasting new foods, & they have Buffalo Burgers here!     :-)\n\nWell, it's a nice old house with several small rooms for dining.  Our server was friendly & all the food was ok, but a little expensive.  Mike warned me before we got here that the reason you don't see Buffalo is that it is dry & lacking in flavor because it's very lean.  He was right.  I think it was prepared fine here, it just isn't as good as beef, really.\n\nNot too much else to say about this place.  I probably won't return, but there certainly wasn't anything \wrong\"""" with it.     :-)\n\nBuffalo Burger & Fries (or choice of other sides) $9.50/$9.95 with cheese."""""""
I wanted to try something different with my hair style for a date night and googled blow dry bars in the Phoenix area. I came across a few options but felt Drybar would be a good introduction for me. The Scottsdale location was completely booked for the day I wanted to go so I booked an appointment online for the Phoenix location. \n\nI walked inside and was greeted several times by two receptionists and a door greeter. I was even offered a complimentary beverage of water, champagne or wine. I thought that was a unique and fun touch! I stuck with water, where they have 2 options a citrus and cucumber water. Even though I had an appointment, I still waited about 15 minutes. The decor of Drybar was very cute, lots of yellow and very clean. It was fun to see all the people inside getting their hair done while drinking a mimosa. Very girly and very loud music inside. They also have a couple TV's on and was able to watch a movie too. \n\nOnce I got called, I was lead to the back where they wash your hair. The girl who washed my hair didn't seem very confident in what she was doing...she asked me how I wanted my hair washed and if I wanted conditioner throughout my hair. I have never been asked those questions before when getting my hair professionally done. I then was taken to a chair and another girl actually blow dryed and did my hair. They give you an options book with pictures of the styles they provide. I opted for a polished loose curly look (The Cosmopolitan). They also have straight and sleek styles, different curled styles and updo's. \n\nFor $35 and tip, I did have a good time. However, I really don't think my hair looked any different or better than me washing and curling from home. It was nice to have someone play with my hair for an hour but not really liking the $35 price tag. They do have options for memberships and bartabs, which provide discounts if you plan to go often. I think I would come back with a gilfriend to have a nice time but not something I can afford to do often.\n\nOverall, I did like the place just a little too expensive and not enough wow-factor from my hair style.
"""I was extremely excited to try what is considered some of the \best pizza\"""" in America..., finding out it was only minutes away from my new office. My expectations may have been too high. Our party of four went for a late lunch, we did not have to wait for a table. \n\nMy fiance and I decided to try 2 pies, the margherita and the Biancoverde. The Margherita pie came out quite dry, not with the wonderful chewy crust that a great margherita should have... however, the Biancoverde, a white pizza with Ricotta and arugala, was fantastic! Incredible flavors, the extra toppings kept this pie perfectly moist and delicious, it was really quite perfect. \nUnfortunately, we had a hair in one of our pizzas, however, that's only part of the reason for the mediocre rating... \nThe hair, the 1-2 star margherita, and the non-existant meat selection I can only give a 3 star rating... (I'm a bit of a carnivore, I need more meat!)\nI'm still looking for something to replace the incredible pizzas I've had at my favorite neopolitana joing back home in Canada, Famoso. \n\nWill I be back to Pizzeria Bianco for another go? Absolutely..."""""""
Had dinner for the first time in Portland's. Had been there for happy hour before. It's a decent place to meet up with friends. I think the atmosphere is more impressive than the food. They have the bar/lounge separated far enough from the dining room. It's not a place where I have to struggle to hear the person across from me. I also like the decor and art work they have. \n\nSo far, my foray into the food qualifies as so-so. They have good french fries but I don't think they are worth $7 a plate. I appreciate how they highlight the use of local ingredients in the food. I went for the Schreiner's sausage pasta which had penne and a smattering of seasonal vegetables covered in marinara. The dish was flavorful enough. On the one hand, I was happy that it was just the right portion. On the other, I thought there might be more for $16. Our waiter was nice though our appetizers seemed really slow in getting to the table. But that was more likely the kitchen's doing, not his. Anyway, go here for a nice urban vibe. But if you are looking for a place to show a visiting foodie, you could probably find something better.
"""A man came over to my house last night with a bag of food.  Luckily, I knew he was coming.  OK, it was a \dinner and a movie\"""" date and he brought a huge bag from Oregano's.  \nAs I started to get out plates and silverware, he mentioned that paper plates, plastic utensils and napkins were in the bag.  Well, he sprung for dinner, I can clean a few plates, right?  \nHUGE portions!  He brought spaghetti with marinara.  It was angel hair.  I think there *could* have been more sauce.  \nThe lasagna was their \""""Italian Flag\"""" lasagna and really good!  Ooey-gooey with sausage and meatballs stuffed inside.  The portion was enormous as well.  We both had a hunk and I had another one today for lunch.  \nBoth entrees had different kinds of garlic bread included in the container.  \nThe appetizer was something I'd never had before: Toasted Ravioli.  WTF???  Handmade ravioli, stuffed and fried with a side of marinara sauce to dip them in.  There was definitely some kick to it, as they were stuffed with cheese and jalapenos.\nIt was a very satisfying meal and I'm giving it three stars.  The portions were big, the prices were reasonable (looking at the website since he brought it to my place) and everything was full of flavor.    \nThis was no Harley's meal, but for something quick and Italian, it wasn't half bad!  Of course, eating a meal on the couch with a cute guy will always be a plus!"""""""
"""Saigon Nites is one of the few Pho joints on the North side of town.\n\nI ordered me a bowl of Pho as usual, but I think the waitress made sure I knew what I was ordering, so she repeated and asked \Beef Noodle Soup\"""" ... Yes, \""""Beef Noodle Soup\"""".  I forgot I'm in N. Scottsdale where culture can be lacking at times.  I'll have me a bowl of Asian man soupy stuff and some noodles - wink! I also ordered some ice coffee with condensed milk - can't have Pho without one of these drinks. \n\nOverall, the Pho is okay. I'm somewhat of a Pho Nazi and this didn't really past the test.  My ice coffee was excellent - Why?  It was served just right!  Not too strong and not too lite.  I'm really used to having it strong and simmering it off with some water to weaken it.  Not today my friends!  \n\nService and ambience is okay.  I really enjoy the Vietnamese art here especially the portraits of the Ao Dai...Girls in Ao Dai - oh my! - Enjoy!"""""""
BevMo. Even the name sounds lame, suburban and depressing. \n\nAnd it is. Add in the Tempe Marketplace road rage (really? Is a four-way stop that hard to figure out?), and you're going to need whatever it is you're purchasing before you even get home. Not that I'm promoting drinking while driving. But I'd be lying if I said it had never crossed my mind. \n\nAnyway. Mama needs her medicine, and BevMo's got it. But I'd rather get well with a trip to Top's or Fresh & Easy. Or even Safeway, for christsakes. After all, the prices at BevMo are nothing to write home about, and the selection - while extensive - isn't particularly exciting. The staff is fine. Just inexperienced, unhelpful and a little clumsy. \n\nHowever. And this is a big however. The buy-one-get-one-for-a-nickel sale is incredible. I just spent $55 on eight bottles of pretty good wine. Even better, you can order online and pick it up in-store an hour later. Prepaid and boxed up for you, so no waiting in line or trying to elbow your way through a sea of ASU girls in butt-cheek shorts or guys in date-rapist-in-training attire. Or worse yet, bum-me-out suburban moms buying white zinfandel.\n\nAll this makes BevMo sorta like that old ex-boyfriend whose number you still keep: great a few times a year, but don't linger in the snack aisle a second more than necessary.
"""It starts with typical Mediterranean fare and ventures into something earthier.  The tastes and flavors are across the board, making it difficult to assign a star-rating; I've had 2-star dishes alongside 4-stars.  And the service can be just as variable.  Take a friend or expect to take the extras with you; the portions are sizable.  Overall, the food is a refreshing option.  \n\nI've since been to the North Scottsdale location and found it to be nearly a clone of the Tempe.  Now they're popping up all over Phoenix.  And while I haven't been \wowed\"""", I am looking forward to the soon-to-open Desert Ridge location."""""""
4 star for the food, 2 star for the atmosphere.\n\nSo I had to come back here to spend the $25 gift card I got from the end of last year, and still enjoyed everything like the other times. \n\nIt wasn't that busy when we arrived at 6:35pm on a Friday, and we were seated in less than 5 minutes. I felt I had to order the Chocolate Martini just for my own curiosity since i haven't tried it, so I did, it was pretty good! Definitely got the sweet chocolate taste and looked pretty neat with the little chocolate pieces on top of the ice.\n\n I ordered my usual, Filet cooked in medium  rare with twice baked potato, tender and juicy as always. The twice baked potato, on the other hand, was really salty this time, it usually tends to be salty, but this time was a bit over. \n\nThis time we were seated by the hallway next to the bar, VERY LOUD!!! I was kinda annoyed by the noises so if you wanna enjoy your dinner in a little quieter atmosphere, get away from the bar area!!
Tried this place out today, was craving a pulled pork sandwich.. Overall the place was okay, it was nice inside and had a cute set-up.. Service was eh.. \n\nFirst the hostess could not answer any of our questions about happy hour.. we asked if it was just in the bar area.. had no clue, sat us in the main dining room and then told our waitress.. Apparently it was one of those restaurants were happy hour is in the bar only (which I really don't understand).. anyway our waitress said she'd give us happy hour prices, but didn't understand that we also wanted to order dinner, (people don't eat dinner in the bar?).. Maybe it was new-training staff day or something.. \n\nWe were given cornbread to start which was good, but just crumbled in your hand.. then my friend got the Poboy Catfish sandwich, not impressed, said it was so freaking dry the fish and everything.. I had better luck with my pulled-pork sandwich.. However, it was a huge mess to eat, which I understand that just how it is, but I had no silverware to try and help.. I got fries on the side and I love fries, eat them all the time.. but these were covered with grease, not just your normal greasy fries but had enough they created a puddle, just too much for me.\n\nOverall the food was okay (say no to the catfish).. I would go back for another pork sandwich but with a side of potato salad instead
I enjoyed my food and will likely go back.  It is a good/simple thing to feed to the kids as well.  For $6.95 you get a huge bowl of ramen.  I got the vegetarian one with tofu.  They also have rice (gluten free) noodles.  Add a bit of the sarrachi sauce and it was tasty.  I couldn't finish the whole bowl.  Perhaps that has something to do with the $2 happy hour plate of vegetable tempura I ate... or the chocolate strawberry snow with boba that I had.  The boba is not as good as the one from The Boba House in Chandler.... a tiny bit dry in the middle.  Also, I had ordered a coconut strawberry drink and they accidentally made chocolate strawberry.  I didn't mind and drank it anyway.  Kinda wished I had the coconut instead but it was still good.
"""Met D there for lunch.  It was her pick today, she needed to get out of the office.  Wow, this place gets busy after 11:30am.  Get here or stand around looking for a table.  CRAZY!  \n\nThe food is you know \Americanized\"""" Chinese food, so it is OK.  I got the usual honey sheared chicken with brown rice.  It is a little sweeter than I remembered.  Or it could be old age kicking in?  The green ice tea was good.  \n\nAll in all, OK."""""""
Always in the pursuit of cheap drinks, my beau and I picked Ah-So to celebrate the end of the semester. Happy hour fit in perfectly with my night class schedule so away we went! \n\nThe place has flat screen on the walls, loud music bumping, and strong drinks but is not very popular for some reason. I'm really not sure why this place was empty since it really set the party vibe well. \n\nWe ordered our whole meal and about six drinks off of the happy hour menu. I liked all the sushi, and the edamame specifically was fantastic. \n\nMy Long Island was a little too strong, and my beau ordered me a celebratory Cosmo (my first one). Apparently, it didn't taste right, but I wouldn't really know the difference. \n\nOverall, a decent experience that I would gladly repeat sometime soon.
"""Delux vaguely irritates me and I can't quite figure out why. It might be that because since it has opened, Phoenix magazine has breathlessly stroked it with loving essay after loving essay, complete with pictures, all of which painstakingly include its one gimmick, a miniature shopping cart to deliver french fries in. Still, sometimes you want a good burger, and last night was one of those sometimes, so we decided to head over to Delux at long last and check it out. Have you ever thought to yourself \ha ha, if there is one thing I know for sure in this world, it is that a glorified hamburger joint could never have a menu that could be considered pretentious?\"""" If so, it is clear that you haven't been to Delux. The menu, six pages long, devotes one half of one page to its two hamburgers (signature and classic), one and a half pages to other food and four pages to various types of booze you've never heard of. In the food section, their ground beef, its origin and the manner in which it is prepared is described regally, using language clearly designed to indicate that you should be thankful you only have to pay ten bucks for it!\n\nOK, so what of it? It's the Biltmore, I knew I was facing up a ten-dollar burger, so STFU and get on with it, right? Well there's no getting around it. This is a damned fine hamburger. It's not often that you will get to a place where it's menu SUGGESTS that their burgers are best served medium rare - rather than suggesting that if you get it medium rare there's a chance you could DIE. This one simple fact more than any other made me certain that Delux isn't just flapping its gums about the origin of their meat. They know where it comes from and are close enough to it to suggest that you can have it prepared in a manner that might put you in the hospital if you were dealing with commercial ground beef. They deserve a lot of kudos for this. I had their classic burger with American cheese (because blue cheese and carmelized onions, found on their \""""signature\"""" burger - are not my thing on a hamburger). I had it medium rare. It was absolutely fantastic, easily the best burger I've had in this city. So there. I said it. The shopping cart is cute if non-sequitur. The regular fries were merely OK. I liked the sweet potato fries better than I thought I would, but the suggestion that a lot of yelpers have made that they are the second coming is a tad overblown.\n\nThe service was absolutely great, but I doubt that my experience could be considered a test case, because we were there off-peak and there were more employees present than patrons. Seriously, the place can't be any bigger than 1500 square feet, and I counted nine employees! Plus one for helping out the local economy, but minus several million for efficiency? \n\nAll in all, this place is too full of itself, but you can't argue with the end result. When I want a good burger, I'll be back."""""""
"""It's like watching an episode of \Cheater's\""""\n\nOr listening to talk radio.\n\nOr peeing out by the dumpster because it's quicker than finding a bathroom.\n\nOr going through the medicine cabinet at my friends hou...perhaps I've over-shared!\n\nBut you get the idea. \n\nIt's a guilty \""""pleasure\""""...OK, I'm not sure \""""Pleasure\"""" and Church's really go together (unless you really like rolling around in chicken fat, like I do...oop's! over-sharing again!)...more of a guilty \""""thing\""""\n\nAt any rate, I know I shouldn't, but there are times when only a bucket (or in Church's case, a box) of greasy fried chicken will do.\n\nAnd when that happens, well...it's Church's instead of the 11 herbs and spices that theoretically go into KFC (or Kitchen Fresh Chicken...or Kentucky Fried Chicken, or whatever the hell they call themselves these days).\n\nA bunch of people showed up for dinner tonight and Church's is the go-to for that kind of thing (at least it is when they all suggest I cook and I say \""""thanks, no\"""" and they give me the \""""eeew\"""" face when I suggest pizza).\n\nAs the consummate host, I reminded my guests that Church's:\n\n -  Has never given me the trot's, unlike KFC...important since it's my house and me lighting a match is \""""optional\"""";\n\n - Is less expensive than KFC, since I'm buying the feast;\n\n - Goes well with pretty much any wine (OK, I made this last one up but, I figure they won't notice once they have drunk enough of my wine)\n\nSo Church's...perfectly average \""""fried\"""" chicken, for cheap low prices.\n\nDon't even try to tell me that you haven't done it, too!"""""""
This is a hard review to write because on one end, they get very high marks, and on the other, bottom of the barrel.  \n\nService was actually very good on Mother's Day, a day which could try even the best server's patience with large tables filled with children, parents and grandparents.  (There were quite a few of these.) - 4 stars  \n\nI love their salmon wasabi sashimi  topped with fresh wasabi root. It is one of my favorite sushi style dishes in the Valley -- 5 stars \n\nMy husband had two different rolls, the crab crunch and the soft shall crab.  I told him he would be disappointed compared to the rolls we normally have at our local Japanese restaurant in North Scottsdale, Toyama, but he insisted.  He was definitely bummed - 1 star\n\nWe also ordered the grilled veggie flatbread.  That was divine . . . so much so , I went back with my girlfriend today to have it again.  The flatbread is huge, about 6 x 14 inches and it was loaded with grilled mushrooms, zucchini, asparagus, pesto, mozzarella and balsamic vinegar. It's enough for two for lunch, or as a starter to share with the table. - 5 stars\n\nDefinitely a great place to go for sit-down in Scottsdale Fashion Square, but stay away from the rolls and stick with the main menu, except give the salmon wasabi sashimi a try. It is the only for sure on the sushi side!
Solid three stars for my lunch here last Monday afternoon. \n\nI have to admit I am a PF Changs fan and connoisseur. I have been coming to this restaurant since I was in high school and I should have stuck with my tried and true dishes: Crispy Honey Shrimp, Green Beans and Lettuce Wraps. \n\nSince it was lunch we went with the lunch bowl menu. The prices were very cheap, about $9 or so and it came with soup and either white or brown rice. I got the Honey Chicken and it was just okay. The egg drop soup I liked much more than the Hot & Sour. The service was very slow. We were there at about 2pm, so I think thats after lunch rush, but they seemed to be very understaffed for how many people were there. Overall, food was just okay, but the price was right! Next time back to my favorite dishes.
I got the tuna on honey oat with veggies. Everything was fresh, and the tuna salad had the right amount of mayo, imo. Not too much like at some locations! I have ordered this particular sandwich many times, and this was a perfect example of why. It's not amazing, but it's pretty good, especially for a quick, inexpensive, and healthier lunch.\n\nThe store was clean, the employees were friendly, and this is a convenient location for me. I also liked that there is a designated handicap table. I actually go to a lot of Subways, and I must say this was rare to find. I would come back.
Another fast food Mexican joint in the spirit of Chipotle or Qdoba. But, Panchero's does have two things that definitely stand out. \n\n1. The fresh tortilla. \nIt's pressed and cooked in front of you. And when you finally take a bite out of your burrito, you can really taste the difference. \n\n2. Mixing the ingredients. \nUnlike Chipotle, Panchero's does one extra step before folding your burrito. The rice, beans, meat, etc, all get mixed and you get a fairly equal amount in each bite. \n\nThe problem. All those ingredients (other than the fresh tortilla) aren't quite as good as the other places. The price is about the same and they nickel and dime you for every extra, too.  I would never say no to Panchero's, I just wouldn't pick it over anywhere else.
With all the Japanese places in Scottsdale, I think there are much better options. The ambiance and decor is trendy, but it can get noisy, really noisy. We were placed at a table near the restroom and wear servers place their orders. Since there was a ledge next to our table, the servers were constantly stacking dirty plates on the ledge next to us. This was not conducive to an enjoyable dinner. There was so much server foot traffic near our table that one of the servers practically walked into me as he turned around from their ordering station. The food was meh. I ordered the fried rice and udon noodles thinking that I was actually going to get udon noodle soup. Nope. Just udon noodles sauteed with chicken and vegetables. The food was a bit on the salty side to my liking.
I went to lunch today with a client and since Wildfish was closed we walked over to PF Chang's.\n\nRemember when PF Chang's first opened in the original location at Fashion Square?  What a mob-scene that was back in the day with an hour plus wait for a table.\n\nI haven't been here since shortly after this location opened.  They had a fair-sized lunch crowd and we were seated immediately.\n\nI ordered the almond and cashew chicken and my client ordered the mongolian beef.  Both of us were happy with our dishes.\n\nPF Chang's is definitely always a very consistent dining experience.
"""Attended a birthday dinner last night for a friend at Bandera. Bandera is categorized on Yelp as a \steakhouse.\"""" However, other than filet mignon, there is no steak on the menu. In fact, there are more fish entrees than anything else.\n\nAdmittedly, what they do, they do well. Unfortunately, what they do is very limited. Namely, a very small wine list and limited number of entree selections. Further, some of the menu items that were most in demand have been discontinued.\n\nOrdered was: deviled eggs, the prime rib dinner with mashed potatoes, the rotisserie chicken with garlic mashed potatoes, the jalapeno cornbread and a white cake soaked in cream, topped with caramel sauce and fresh fruit . We didn't order wine because none of us saw a wine we recognized or liked. We ended up drinking beer (Fat Tire) and iced tea.\n\nThe meal was solid, but unspectacular. The five deviled eggs were good and remarkable only for the fact they appear on few other menus. The prime rib dinner ($31) was a smallish cut (approx 16 oz) for the money. The mashed potatoes (and the garlic mashed potatoes) were made from real potatoes and had chives incorporated. The rotisserie chicken dinners ordered were \""""off the menu\"""" but the kitchen readily accommodated us. Where they were unable to accommodate us was with a former menu item, baby back ribs.\n\nBandera was famous for their baby back ribs. Enjoyed on previous occasions and commented favorably upon by other reviewers here, these should be a staple, like the hamburger at \""""21.\"""" For a while, they were available \""""off the menu.\"""" Alas, no more.\n\nThe highlight of the meal was the jalapeno cornbread. It comes in a small cast iron skillet. The crust is sweet and the interior is soft and crumbly. Combined with butter, it's by far the best item we sampled on the menu. To eat at Bandera and not order the the jalapeno cornbread is almost a wasted trip.\n\nThe white cake soaked in cream with caramel sauce and fresh fruit was excellent. Our \""""Birthday Boy\"""" had to settle for a single candle in his dessert. The staff does not make a special to do over birthdays and anniversaries -- thank God.\n\nThe service was well above average. Our server was knowledgeable and friendly. Our meals arrived at the table hot and our glasses, especially the iced teas, did not remain empty for long. \n\nI'd like to give Bandera 3.5 stars. They would otherwise be four stars except for the small size of their prime rib and the small size of their menu. Bandera is a \""""safe\"""" choice in Old Town Scottsdale."""""""
"""One word comes to mind: overpriced. Then again, I'm no fish expert and can't really fathom why a pasta dish would reach $30 or why their appetizers can be $12. \n\nThe prices for oysters are reasonable. The ones I had just weren't shucked properly. Every one I slurped came with an unexpected piece of shell. It was really a bummer. This place does have a helluva lot of sauces to choose from, though, if you're adventurous. \n\nTheir Happy Hour menu isn't anything impressive. Not at all. Yucky American beer, like Bud, counts toward the $3.25 pint. Nothing else does. They do have a great Honey Ale and also offer Moose Drool here, as well as Orion, the best Japanese beer you'll find. And it costs $7.50 for the 22 oz, whereas you'll pay $9.00 for the same at Kabuki.\n\nThey also have a short sushi menu. It's not too impressive, but it's enough to pique your interest. I really loved their Rainbow Roll. \n\nMaybe it's b/c we sat at the bar, but we barely got any service. And it began to annoy me. We had to ask for water. We had to ask to order. We had to ask for another 'round. We had to ask for soy sauce trays. We had to ask for just about everything, in fact. \n\nThe atmosphere is ordinary - what you might expect from a place called a \Fish House.\"""" Nothing really stood out to me. \n\nWould I be back? Uhm, maybe, since they do have a couple good beers available, they serve fresh fish and they have a pretty wide selection of oysters to pick from... I just hope next time they're shucked properly. \n\nI would like to try their King Crab/Shrimp appetizer. It was served to the gentleman beside us. It sounded good on the menu. It looked even better in person. \n\nAll in all, an okay place. But again, I think it's overpriced. You can easily walk out of there having spent $40 on a beer, a sushi roll and oysters."""""""
Swaddee is... cheap.  You can tell that it is cheap from the very beginning, because the menu has pictures.  Pictures on a menu are always a bad sign, a lesson I learned from that celebrity chef Gordon Ramsey.  At Swaddee however, for a few dollars more than a Chipotle burrito you can eat a big spicy Thai meal that isn't half bad.  I went there last weekend with four friends, and we enjoyed plenty of food with three entrees and one appetizers for a mere $9 each.\n     Cost aside, the food at Swaddee was not half bad.  The Pad Thai was delicous, and just spicy enough to savor without burning your tongue off.  The spicy Thai Fried rice was ok, but not particularly memorable.  Panang beef was quite good, but I was disappointed by the ratio of beef to curry sauce.  Our appetizer, Thai toast, was an odd concoction that tasted like french toast, but was supposedly made out of chicken instead of bread.  No one found it to be particularly enjoyable, and I doubt I would order it again.\n     I will be going back, but not because the food is so stellar, so much as because the prices are good and it isn't very far from my house.  I do think this is the single least expensive restaurant in Scottsdale.  However, when I'm in the mood for something cheap and spicy, Swaddee seems to be the place to go.
I have to be honest, Ikea is not at all one of my favorite places.\n\nThe quality of their merchandise is super cheap and priced moderately when I would rather pay less for the quality I am getting.\n\nThe saving grace for Ikea is the sheer mass of items they have available. The look/style of the items are pretty neat and are definitely inspiration for a room or apartment.\n\nI really wish the quality was better, even though their prices are alright, you get what you pay for!\n\nI'd much rather buy quality items for a higher price, even estate sales would be better for what I am looking for I think. \n\nWho needs Ikea? College kids or people who need to furnish an entire home on a tight budget.
"""Being 72, I felt my parents tremble a bit when I said I was taking them to the \farm\"""". Growing up in the midwest, it wasnt rare to hear \""""somebody bought the farm\"""". This did not mean an uncle decided to purchase a ranch, but rather, met his maker, is now six feet under or my favorite, \""""he's in a better place now.\"""" That said, my folks were delighted at our Farm experience. It's always a challenge getting dad a plain sandwich in any restaurant but they were very accommodating. Mom and I both enjoyed our turkey sandwiches and the ice tea is extra good. Maybe it's brewed in the sun. That would be very farm-like, no? Now, I get the whole theme here with the picnic tables and all. Just not a big fan of it myself. That, and walking on grass. Ewww! But it's called the Farm and not the City, so no points docked for that. Really a unique Phoenix experience with a gift shop, walking trails and the smell of dirt. So hitch up your tractor and git on down to the Farm."""""""
"""I should preface this review by stating that I am not a vegetarian. I am especially not vegan. I am a shameless meat and diary eater. But I am open to experimenting with different cuisines and always looking to try \healthier\"""" foods. Green is a restaurant that I've driven by countless times and always tell myself that I should give it a try. I finally did last night, and I wasn't terribly disappointed. While it's still not food that I would go out of my way for, I appreciate the level of quality Green offers. \n\nI decided to take an adventurous route and try the original \""""g\"""" spicy po-boy. I consider this adventurous because the idea of mock chicken doesn't sit well with me. The real thing tastes better and the health differential is open to debate. The sandwich was decent but small. It's only a po-boy in spirit. If you've ever been to New Orleans and had a po-boy, you'd know that they are obnoxiously oversized and stuffed with lettuce, tomato, and your choice of fish or meat. What saves this sandwich is the sauce. It's perfectly hot and the tofu absorbs all of its wonderful flavor. I like that Green uses mixed greens instead of iceberg lettuce. It may take away the crunchiness, but I like the taste much better. Green also goes light on the mayo, which I appreciate. The thyme fires are really good. They're thin and crispy, and the herb really enhances the flavor. They give you a lot of fries, which makes up for the sandwich being a little undersized, but I'd rather have more sandwich than fries. \n\nSince heaven forbid I be strong enough to pass up on sweets, I also tried a peanut butter chocolate bar. Not bad. But certainly not worth its $3 asking price. It reminds me of a store-bought peanut butter rice crispy treat. I recommend only having this if you are a strict vegan. \n\nThe restaurant is exactly what you'd expect it to look like. It's dark and artsy in a hipster bohemian style that you'd find in New York's West Village. It's semi-service. Order at the counter, wait at the table, and someone brings you your food. Green may want to look into assigning their customers a number, or a pager, to place on the table. Even though I was taking my order to go, I'm not a big fan of someone walking around and yelling names (way too fast food for me). They also may want to put their menus out near the front the place. They're all at the counter and there isn't a big menu board posted. How is someone new supposed to have a clue what's on your menu if they can't see it until they make it the place where you order? \n\nA meat eater reviewing a vegetarian restaurant is like a vegan reviewing a steakhouse. I can appreciate the place for what it is, but it's just not designed for me. Green caters to a specific clientele that needs more restaurant options like this. I'm glad that there is a place like Green in the valley. It's everything that people who live this lifestyle can ask for. If you're a meat eater hoping for something that tastes just like \""""normal\"""" food, you're obviously going to be disappointed. I'm certainly open to giving Green another try, and would even suggest it if I were planning on dining out with a vegan or vegetarian friend."""""""
The only reason why I am giving this restaurant three stars was because the food was amazing. Fresh, fresh fish and surprisingly the japanese braised short ribs were to die for. Service however...not so much. Our waitress had trouble listening to us, it was as if every time we asked her a question she want miles around the bush and never answered. She was in her own world and for the money that we paid for our dinner I expected much more! And also, it was extremely DEAD there I mean we got there for a 730pm reservation and left around 10 and im pretty sure it was just us..... \nCONCLUSION: go for the food well worth it but be prepared to experience not worth it service
I have played hockey here for years.\nThe facilities are decent and the employees are friendly and helpful, I have become friends with many of them.\nThe league prices are reasonable, compared to other facilities in town.\nThere is a decent amount of teams and leagues for all levels.\nThe game times for league hockey and pick-up hockey can be demanding, late times during the week, some after 10 pm. The priority is public skating and high school hockey. I guess they realize they can get away with it.\nThe ice is usually pretty good, the locker rooms fairly clean. There is a pro shop with a limited supply of hockey/skating products for sale and the prices are pretty steep.\nNever had anything from the snack bar, but they offer items from hot chocolate to nachos. \nKids birthday parties are available as well as private bookings and ice rental.
I've never eaten at a Hooters and enjoyed the food... and I've been to several of them over the years, mainly to drink (beer). What makes this Hooters nice is the staff (attractive and friendly) and the outside balcony. Mixed drinks are overpriced and really, really weak, and the wings tend to have very little meat and more skin & fat than wings usually have (and we all know that's the bulk of the damn things anyway). Sandwiches are bland and messy. I had the tater tots, and realized when they came that for the same price, I can order tater tots over at the Tavern and get three times the amount. (Whether one should be eating three times that amount is another story.)
"""This place has a lot of potential; I really want it to do well. I went there on Saturday night with my husband around 7 pm and it was jam packed. Good for them! We felt a little out of place since it was a much much older crowd, (in bad capris, shorts and flip flops...doesn't anybody make an effort anymore? This part of town, I guess.) Anyway, we had a nice booth, but it was directly across from the pizza oven, so we were quite warm. Pleasant server, good busser/foodrunner keeping our waters filled. We decide to try the Bruschetta for a starter and the Rib-eye dinner for two for $28...an unbelievable price. The Bruschetta was quite good (and at $6 also a good value) and with a nice mozzerella and balsamic drizzle...it was tasty. The Rib-eye's on the other had, were not so nice. But, I must stress, these meals were $14 each...what did I expect? The steaks were large and tough; my husband said his tasted old. Yikes. Mine wasn't that bad, and the potatoes and veggies were flavorful. Our thoughts, under the premise of \if we were running this restaurant\"""", are: we would have offered a much smaller but higher quality piece of steak. Food for thought, Javino's. In our opinion, quality over quantity every time.  As we were eating we were able to keep an eye on the drama with the staff...and  watch how hard those boys in the kitchen were working! It was really busy, and they all did seem to work well as a team, manager included. At one point, a sweet, young server comes back with a couple of plates to the manager  (I guess someone sent back there food) and burst into tears. Ah, we felt so bad! I hate it when customers make the server cry and if the food was no good how on earth is that her fault?! Well, major points to the manager who gave her a big hug and went to deal with the table. I was impressed. Also, live music going on... a very nice touch. We left feeling like it was an okay place, I liked better than my husband, but something was just kind of \""""off\"""". Maybe they have an identity crisis? Are they a wine bar or are they trying to be fine dining? Either way, I definitely want to go back again soon to try something else on the menu. If for no other reason than how kind that manager was to the server. I have worked in the industry and have been treated like garbage in the same situation. So, kudos. Your staff looks happy."""""""
"""During another one of our very rare trips to this \posh\"""" Kierland Commons area, we found ourselves hungry for something different, we walked by the Greene House, actually the baker's window at the Greene House.  Turns out it is a small station where smaller plates are arranged in the restaurant, a Garde-manger almost, where salads and breads came out, I think I even saw some desserts potentionally being cooked up there.  Nevertheless, the friendly face behind and the intriguing display window drew us in.\n\nIt was lunch time on a saturday, the place was pretty busy.  We walked in wearing clothes that didn't scream out Scottsdale, but more of the quiet, Millionaire Next Door type of look, needless to say, we didn't get seated at a very good spot.  Wearing our t-shirts and jeans got us an awkward table that felt like it was below the bar.  Half of our lunch was eaten with a waiters butt in our faces.  It's not exactly the type of warm buns I was hoping for with my butter.\n\nThe food, being avid and experienced fish and chips lovers, to try the Greene House's rendition was a must, we are no strangers to the great old fashioned greasy spoon fish and chips from accross the pond, England.  The result? Surprising, the fish was good quality white fish, if I had to guess, possibly black cod, it came with fries, not chips. \""""Chips\"""" meaning big potatoe wedges that are finger length.  Nope they were just regular ole fries, a mound of it, with two small portions of the fish.  The plate was not balanced, the fries outweighed the fish (the main attraction) by a good 5 to 1.  Wow.\n\nWe asked our very waiter who kept asking us if wanted anything to drink besides our ice cold water, are the Kobe Beef Twin burgers made from grass-fed cows?  I thought, Kobe beef, it has to be, you mean to tell me a cow that gets massaged gets to eat grains?!  I thought there was no way that he would come back saying it wasn't grass-fed beef, I expected a lie, a lie that would have made me feel happier.  Nope, the Kobe beef is from grain fed bovine. That's right... the waiter got 1 point for honesty, and chef, 0.  For those who know their meats, beef that is grain fed is like.... humans who only get their vitamins sources from pills and not fruits and meat, un-natural and frankly kinda gross.\n\nWhen the twin burgers arrived they were small, sliders small.  Why not call them sliders?  The \""""house pickles\"""" are these strangely marinated curried cucumbers.  Who's idea was that?  It overpowered the meat, something that should stand alone really being KOBE no?  The beef could have maybe, and that's maybe passed for Angus, Kobe? Not a prayer.\n\nOn the upside, the parmasan, truffle fries were good though.\n\nSo, I guess I can't really judge this restaurant to its fullest yet, I saw potential in the menu, but also I saw a lot of pretentious combinations that should have been left off the menu, at least simplefied.  \n\nI will be back to this place one day, and that time, I will be dressed like David Beckham, wear sunglasses indoors, throw on a sportscoat and possibly designer jeans.  Maybe just maybe, then will I have a shot at sitting at one of the great seats in the house where you can see folks walk by outside, or the beautiful open kitchen they have.\n\nDon't miss: The patio seating and atmosphere at night\nSkip:  the bar half of the restaurants, seats are badly placed, and save your cash with Kobe burgers that barely surpass the gut-bombs from White Castle.  \n\nFor now Greene House, you get a 3 out of 5. Not good enough."""""""
I'm not sure what they did to the pizza the day that Guy Fieri went in there. I checked it out shortly after seeing it on TV. I was less than impressed. The pizza wasn't bad, but it surely wasn't great. Not worth the line you have to wait in. Didn't live up to any hype and I've been to a few places that have been on Fieri's show. Hodad's in SD is phenominal. Pizzeria Luigi in SD is better than Al Forno. I've been to the best pizza joints in the country and Al Forno is average. I'd eat at Red Devil before I'd eat at Forno. Red Devil is my fav AZ pizza, not my favorite pizza joint in PHX though. I like Pizza by Napoli.
You know I have stayed at over 120 DIFFERENT hotels over the past 4 years. That is 30 new ones a year! More than a different one every 2 weeks! \n\nWhew, so I forgot that I stayed at this one before! \n\nI got a great summer rate, $99, for a good size room on the 18 floor. \n\nWhen it is 115 degrees in downtown Phoenix, where this hotel is situated, it is like a science fiction movie where everyone in the middle of downtown is gone. Nobody walking the streets. Everyone left town. \n\nErgo, the great rate, whereas in the winter, the same room may go for $250. \n\nIn summertime, there is only one person working the registration desk. They have kiosk check-in stations, and she shows you how to do it. You can check out the same way. \n\nValet parking ($27) is not automated, however, and tips are still expected. \n\nFree WiFi if you are a Hyatt Gold Member.\n\nPS - best thing about this hotel is that they put your soap and shampoo, both new, IN your shower, on the little platform. Makes sense, doesn't it?\n\nDo you know how many times I stepped out of the shower soaking wet, having to reach for the soap and/or shampoo, sitting on one of those little cutesy trays near the sink? \n\nPractically every time!  You too?
"""So, Thai E-San, let's get down to business. \n\nPREMISE\n-------------\nI was hungry. I wanted dinner. But not a break the bank dinner. So it was either Gallo Blanco or Thai food. Guess which won.\n\nSCENE\n-----------\nSitting discreetly on Indian School, facing the former shoeboxed-size aura of Chez Nous (now the fluorescent-lit cube which is Fresh N' Easy). \n\nYou walk in, and then find your way around some wooden partitions to encounter a room which is surprisingly very ornate. Painted walls, heavy, ornate tables and chairs (all of which still have the shrink-wrapped plastic covering on them - LOL). Traditional Thai folk music softly playing overhead...\n\nI was the only customer at this point, expecting a friend to join me. I told the traditionally-dressed hostess there'll be a party of two. The room, however, did not have any table even remotely that small. She sat me at a round table for 6, which is fine, just a little amusing. I wondered what their lunch scene was like with a bunch of single diners eating on these giant tables.\n\nFOOD AND SERVICE\n------------------------------\nMy friend joined me a few minutes later and it took us a while to get our hostess' attention, given we were seated out of sight from the kitchen behind the wooden partition. We eventually ordered the following:\n\n* Green papaya salad\n* Drunken noodles with chicken\n* Massaman curry with beef\n\nAll were ordered to be Thai spicy. Now, never in a Phoenix Thai restaurant have they actually made anything extra spicy (or done it well) whenever I've requested it, so I was skeptical, but thought it was worth trying anyway.\n\nAnd so...\n\n* Green Papaya salad - They sure as hell made it Thai spicy! It was good and I was loving the heat. Very fresh tasting (at least that evening). My friend was dying a little, slowly melting beside me, but was a trooper and kept on eating. Good work, amigo! Rating: 4/5\n\n* Drunken noodles with chicken - If they actually gave us this dish, I'd more accurately rate it. However, what was placed in front of us was chicken stir fried with basil. No noodles anywhere. Neither of us were patient enough for them to take it back and make the correct dish, so we ate it anyway. Wasn't spicy. Wasn't bad either, per se, but not very memorable. 3/5\n\n* Massaman curry with beef - I'm a big fan of this southern Thai dish when it's done well. The flavors are usually pretty distinguishable from the other coconut milk-based curries on a Thai restaurant menu (which should be the point) but this one wasn't really. Kind of generic and not very spicy either. And just like the previous dish - not bad, but not memorable either. 3/5\n\n* Service - Decent, but non existent at times, which was weird given that we were the only diners in the room the entire time. Also, getting your orders wrong when there's no one else's orders to mix them up with is not so great.\n\nFINAL VERDICT\n----------------------\nSo it's an \ok\"""" kind of place. Started out promising but drifted a little downwards from there. Ornately done room and very reasonable prices (which is a plus). \n\nWould I eat here again? I think so. Maybe they had an off evening and nothing I had was bad.\n\nWould I recommend it to others? If they're really curious about it, maybe. But in terms of Thai restaurants in the Phoenix area, there are definitely some better ones around (then again, there are worse ones, too). \n\nThai E-San sits comfortably in the middle of the pack.  \n\n3 stars."""""""
We frequent Bj's a lot. I could see why people have said everything good and bad about the place. Sometimes there service is dead on, sometimes your on your own. Some menu items are fabulous, they have the best chicken wings in the valley in my opinion. Also there cheeseburger pizza is great without some items for me (pickles onions) The salads are always fresh, the chili size is good, the pot roast is some of the best I have ever had! On the contrary, The club sandwich is soggy and gross, and the meat taste really cheap and store bought. The wedge is kinda plain, and other items could be better.The beer is good with lots of different choices. But it is super cold in there sometimes even when it's 65 outside it's 60 on the inside, so bring a sweater for your bj expierience.  (by the way this is way cheaper than yardhouse, with food nearly on the same level)
I want to give them more stars but just can't . I will eat there again and re-review. Here is the story, It was the day after xmas for lunch, they were crowded and it looked like most of the wait staff was either off or missed work. The poor waitress did her best and tried to explain the menu in a rush(she did well, considering), but just too many people to cover all the tables she was given.  Guacamole is great, homemade chips too.  I had brisket sandwich which was good But my girlfriends dish which was supposed to be drizzled in vinegar was soaked, so it tasted very bad.  Place has tons of potential, interesting menu, great atmosphere but just needs a little help.
We've dined here before and opted to get some food to go from this restaurant instead of Pei Wei and Panda Express.  I just get sick of the food at those businesses.\n\nIt's a skeleton staff but polite, knowledgeable and efficient.\n\nThe bar options are very limited and I'm not sure if it's because of a pending delivery or what.\n\nAt China Max, every time we have dined or had take out it has been good. \nWe have a couple of favorite dishes that got our attention when they were lunch specials - Mango Shrimp and Garlic Chicken.\nTonight we went with Pot Stickers and two orders of Mango Shrimp and Sesame Chicken, no spice.\n\nWhile waiting for our order I had a Tsing Tao and my son had a Dr. Pepper.\nOur bill for the two beverages, an appetizer and three entrees was $30 and some change.\n\nOur food was delicious, shrimp wasn't over cooked and plenty of mango and shrimp.  Red and green bell peppers, red and white onion, baby corn, zucchini, snow peas, carrots, lots of sweet mango and plenty of shrimp.  \nPot stickers were tasty, with or without the sauce.\nRice was warm and sticky - ideal for eating with chopsticks.\nHusbands Sesame Chicken was lightly battered, tossed with a semi sweet sauce similar to teriyaki and sesame seeds.  He said it was really good and couldn't eat it all.
Okay! Lo-Lo's is aight! Truthfully the food is not bad, probably the better soul food restaurant in town! Get there early enough so your favorite dish is available. They tend to run out! And though improved, the service is a little slow after placing your order. But they have a warning sign about the slowness to help ease the tension as you wait! \n\nI am little partial to this because I think my soul food dishes can give Lo-Lo's a run for their money! LOL! But I am a little touched! \n\nWhat surprises me most is all the Caucasian Yelper's that have eating at this soul food spot! Ya'll love ya'll some chicken too uh?? :)  I might have to throw a soul food dinner and invite some of my fellow yelpers to come compare! I can be a fierce DIVA in the kitchen!  Watch out now!
My stay started off very well. The front desk was very helpful. My room was not ready so she upgraded me to a much larger and nicer room. The problem is that the room probably is considered to be in another county. It was quite a walk. We went in Frank and Alberts for lunch. This was an odd experience. Four of us had meals with very small portions, and the other two meals were way too big of portions. The grilled cheese is an embarrassment to food, period. It is also a bit pricey for what you get. \n\nThe room is nice but slightly dated. It had a 90's feel to it. This is OK in most hotels, but in a place like the Biltmore you can not let your rooms get that far behind. My room was huge. I had a full kitchen and living room area. \n\nThere are several pools through out the property. The pool by my room was great because it was in a low traffic area. I was able to swim in peace any time of day. \n\nParking can be a pain. I would recommend using the valet, but if your room is where mine was you have to walk over a 1/4 mile to get to the valet. \n\nThere were some renovation taking place, so hopefully that will update the overall look of the rooms. The area as a whole is nice. There are some very good views.
"""Are you kidding me? Seriously... This is a total joke, right? I mean, I'm walking into a book store that is suppose to sell used and hard-to-find books, when I sadly realize the price isn't that much different than the original asking price. \n\nI found a book I wanted. I began to drool over it. Seriously... but for $50? The original price tag was $60. So, 10 bucks off? \n\nMaybe I got the wrong impression by the exterior. Maybe I was just hoping this place would sell used books that I could afford. After all, some where okay - $12 for a used copy of a popular novel. But, seriously, you can buy a new one for the same amount at Borders when you're part of their discount program. So, I don't get it. \n\nMaybe I'm not their ideal shopper, for I want a bargain. I don't want to wander through filled bookcases of WWII, Comics, Music, Fiction, Nature, Philosophy and discover some amazing gem that's going to set me back $50. Hell, that's 5 bottles of $10 wine. C'mon, you do the math! \n\nI would recommend this place to any one who likes to peruse book shelves and is in the market to find a \vintage\"""" edition of a book. Or maybe anyone who likes dusting off the pages before reading about ancient warfare. This isn't for somebody who typically gravitates to the a certain section, knowing what she's looking for, expecting not to spend alot of money on what has become a really expensive habit. \n\nIf you have an hour to kill and you like the ideal of stumbling upon something unique and original (book kismet), then check out Book Gallery. Don't expect first-rate service, though. I was there for a 1/2 hour - even carrying around what i REALLY wanted to buy - and not  one person said a word to me."""""""
"""I come here quite a bit. \n\nI am a sucker for helping small local businesses survive... and I also like Tony (the owner). I also like his wife, who runs the \other\"""" Amore's (near Thompson Peak Pkwy). \n\nThe food it \""""good\"""". Not great. I ALWAYS order the same things... the Chicken Cutlet Parm sandwich. I am a big guy, and a 1/2 sandwich is PLENTY for me... and it it good. \n\nMy \""""gripe\"""" is with the appetizers. They are good, and they always seem to be on a $5.00 special... but they seem awfully like institutionalized frozen fair. \n\nI guess what I am saying is I can easily get the same stuff from Costco. And I don't want that when I go out to eat. I try to look for something fresh and new... maybe even different. I am also not a fan of prepackages \""""dipping sauces\"""" (ranch, honey mustard) that you get when you order appetizers. That's what you get here. Reminds me too much of McDonald's. \n\nIf you are a fan of \""""aviation\"""" it is neat to sit on the patio and watch all the rich snobs fly into Scottsdale Airport in their private jets, while you eat your curly fries!\n\n\""""Oggi's\"""" used to be in this spot. I was never a fan of that place... and it obviously did not do well... I HOPE for a different end result with Amore Sports Grill!"""""""
So...the food was good, very good even, but I have some complaints.  I would like to preface this review with the fact that I was overly excited to try this place.  I would say my overall feeling about Nourish is that I felt as if I was being 'sold' on an idea...does that make sense?  I went for brunch and had the egg/avocado sandwich w/cheese ($10), a coffee ($3), a side of fruit ($6.5). and a cinnamon role to go ($6 for just one and rather small).  Most everything seemed overpriced, even for Scottsdale, and I felt I was being 'up sold' on everything I ordered.  They was even an add in fee for plant extract in water.  The atmosphere & service was nice, but when I asked the server the 'quality of their animal products' he wasn't sure.  I later went onto their website to check it out, and they do have very high quality animal products, although it would have been nice to know there.  All in all, it was good, but I don't think I will be going back.
"""OK, not great. Filet ($36) was above average but for the price you might as well go to a can't miss place elsewhere in the Valley. The way the self-absorbed waiter talked about it, we should have expected the best steak in history. \n\nWaiter was nice but tried too hard and eventually came off as arrogant, as he educated us about what the difference between cabernet and pinot noir was. we are in our mid 30s, and just because we were the youngest people in the dining room by 20 years, it doesn't mean we haven't had wine before. \n\nhe rammed his whole opening presentation down our throats about mcgrath/beard/awards and \talent attracting talent\"""" as he pointed to himself and the bartender....and of course didn't fail to mention that he came from a culinary backgroud, whatever the hell that means. luckily, we got to hear him do it all over again as he over-schmoozed the table of 6 next to us.\n\ncaesar salad was fine, but the waiter said it was made the 'real way', by scratch, anchovy, etc. whatever.....it's a salad...don't need 5 minute discourse on its merits.\n\nmy short rib special was disappointing. the flavor was minimal and it was not braised enough, as the meat did not fall off the bone as all the others i've seen have. supposedly was braised in dr. pepper, but didn't detect much of that flavor.\n\ni think this place would be a good place to go for happy hour or a drink and one of the cheaper menu items. but to drop $20-$36 on entrees is pointless, when they are dozens of options within 15 minutes that have much better food for the price.\n\ndecor was cool. try for yourself. we didn't try dessert, actually, as the waiter didn't mention it. he must have smelled a bigger tip at the table of 6."""""""
You have to know what you're looking for to find this place.  I've passed this location several dozen times and never realized that a restaurant & bar was located underground.  A friend of mine invited me to have a few drinks and some dinner and I was intrigued, so I decided to go for it.\n\nWe sat at the bar and ordered glasses of Wine and some Oysters.  The bar was packed, but we were able to comfortably enjoy our food and have a conversation.  The food was OK.  The Wine was the house Zinfandel, which was *eh*....but I didn't like the call options, so whatever.....now I know not to order Wine here.\n\nOverall, it wasn't too bad of an experience.  Next time, I'll go with a Beer instead of Wine and try sitting in the dining room.\n\nReturn Factor - 80%
"""I went here about two weeks ago with a fair-sized group of my coworkers, and was not disappointed. \n\nThe restaurant is a little tricky to spot and turn into, if you don't know what the outside of the building looks like...here's a brief description! It is a little red and white building, with a small, low-to-the ground sign...it's on the north side of the street, after the complex with the Chipotle and Corelone's. \n\nI see a lot of complaints about the parking, but my party and I dined during a considerable lunch rush and didn't experience any difficulties navigating the parking lot or finding a space. \n\nWe walked in to find a moderately full restaurant...and only marginally capable staff. The girl at the front in charge of seating was curt and rude upon our arrival, but changed her tune when she realized we had a reservation. Once we were seated, however, the rest of the staff was great and it was easy to forgive the girl's lack of pleasant customer service and competency. In other words, don't be put off by an icy first-face, if you encounter it. \n\nA note: in order to secure a reservation, you must have a party of ten. However, they will seat you if your party has only partially arrived. Just a hint! Our whole party did eventually arrive, but they were happy to seat us with just 3. \n\nThe inside of the restaurant is \hip.\"""" I liked the level of lighting inside and loved the bar chairs. \n\nBetween all of us at the table, I think we tried a little bit of everything, and everyone seemed very pleased with the pricing and quality of the pizza and other entrees. I myself ordered the Yukon Gold pizza, which is very similar to the potato pizza found at Humble Pie. Just as tasty, no better and no worse, which is definitely praise considering how much I love Humble Pie's version. The pizza was a little charred, but I don't know that I've had a pizza with this kind of crust that wasn't a bit on the blackened side. \n\nI didn't see any \""""cougars\"""" or \""""DBs,\"""" but, then again, I was there at lunch time. I mostly saw nondescript professionals and a few gabbing girlfriends with \""""My Sister's Closet\"""" bags. I'm not sure that I completely understand the scorn about the restaurant being \""""found out\"""" and \""""taken over\"""" - are you really going to dinner to catalogue the other patrons? Weird...! \n\nI'm sure, whatever kind of person you are, you will fit in just fine."""""""
Decided to try this place when our first choice the Salt Cellar had a 3 hour wait.\n\nWe arrived about 6 on a Saturday night to find the place virtually empty, greeted by 2 people at the door, they were pleasant and sat us right away. Waiter greeted us almost immediately with a loaf of sourdough bread. Bread was fresh but cold..would have been so, so much better if it would have been warm. \n\nHusband ordered a lobster crunch roll and a salad to start his meal. The crunch roll was awesome, so very tasty. The salad was one word..meh. Way too much dressing that left the romaine lettuce wilted and soggy, plus the $4.95 price tag was a little excessive for a cup of lettuce, one small tomato wedge and a couple croutons.\n\nOur entrees took FOREVER. The waiter came by several times to fill our drinks and tell us that our food would be out shortly. The couple across from us were seated probably a  good 10 minutes after us, had the same waiter and received their food a good 10 minutes before us. We both ordered the petite filet medium with spiny lobster tail. When our dinner finally arrived my filet was more like medium well and his was medium rare, both lobsters were over cooked slightly. All of the food was tasty just not prepared to our liking. One of my sides was fresh sauteed spinach and it was awesome, garlicky but not to much, the other was a standard baked potato. Husband chose the mac & cheese and coleslaw. Coleslaw was standard deli style, nothing to write home about..neither of us tasted the mac but it did look good, a little on the dry side with a light brown crust.\n\nThe meal as a whole was enjoyable taste wise but in all honesty it's just a step up from Red Lobster with a very expensive price tag. For the appetizer, salad,  the 2 entrees and 2 non-alcoholic beverages our tab was $128. Service was good, he refilled our drinks several times and asked if everything was ok..and it was just ok. Restaurant and restrooms were very clean.\n\nI would make a visit back to King's if we were in the area just for that lobster crunch roll, it really was the best part of our meal, but we would probably not make a special trip to go back.\n\nA solid 3.5 stars.
"""For fast food in the West, In&Out has my vote. I especially dig the toasted buns and the \something special\"""" they have going on with their burgers. I do not like the fries, but then again, I haven't found any fries in the western US that satisfy me. \n\nYour choices are very basic: How many burgers? How many fries? What to drink? Some might scoff at the simplicity, but as a minimalist I enjoy the shit out of it.\n\nThis particular location is like two stories. Pretty sweet."""""""
pros...\n1.  the veg are fresh\n2.  the restaurant is clean.  love it.  must give the owner a 5 stars on cleanliness of the place, even the sauces on the table (covers were not covered w/spilled sauces).\n3.  convenient\n\ncons...\n1.  expensive\n2.  service is very slow (you will be frustrated if you are hungry).  we went there 4 times and it average about 20 minutes for the 1st order to come and there was a time the 2nd bowl of noodles takes another 20 minutes.\n3.  the beef in the beef noodles are lean meat.  I prefer fatty beef when I eat Vietnamese noodles just like how they do it in Chicago or LA.
"""I'm having a hard time squelching my inner cynic here. Every single menu item comes with a side of karma, or guilt, whichever you prefer...\n\nI think this place is having an identity crisis: they tout local vegetables and wild-caught Alaskan salmon on the same page...it seems they are more concerned with promoting the appearance of soul rather than actually making good on the barely-unspoken claim to be \good for you.\"""" They know exactly which keywords to highlight to draw in the suckers who think Organic=Virtuous.\n\nThe food was good. I had the hummus appetizer (very garlicky and I cleaned the plate) and the squash ravioli (too \""""squashy\"""" for my taste). Nothing to write home about, and nothing to draw me back for a second time."""""""
Hummm where do I start.  I guess I came in expecting more.  Having worked in a couple of successful small locally owned health food market cafe combos while still in college I know what is possible.  \nI was truly expecting more health food and suppliments.  This was more of an upscale QT (I like QTs) with a cafe and a mixed bag of suppliments.  It wasdifficult manuvering through the cafe tables and meandering patrons to get to the market section. \nWhen it came time to check out....maybe I was lost but I didn't find a market only register, just the one at the cafe front was staffed.  It seemed awkward and they acted like they are not used to seeing market items at the register.  \nAlso remember to bring your own bags.  I bought 8 items, forgot my bag and I had to use their basket to get my stuff to my car and then bring their basket back.  \nI did enjoy my fresh squeezed orange juice I picked up for the road.  \nI may be back to try the cafe, but I will continue to go to Sprouts for my health food needs.
This is the Sister bar to Rosie's .Even though it pales in comparison to Rosie's in my opinion ,it still is a a nicely run pub ! \n\nVery nice crowd of regulars here & friendly Bartenders .The big plus for me is that you can have a Steak and Guinness Boxty here (,a boxty is basically an Irish potato latke ,more like a pancake ) i saw it on the menu and had to try it ,they did a nice job.\n\nThis is nowhere close to my neighborhood ,but i still had to give them the A-OK ..for those who love an Irish style pub and are heading down town ..not a bad place for a pint or some Glenlivet . \n\n.
I don't know if I went to the wrong Taqueria Durango, but the map on this Yelp posting is different than the address and I went to the address...\n\nTD is not a bad place to grab a few $1 tacos - the pollo was incredibly seasoned and the steak (asada) wasn't bad either.  I was a bit confused as the menu was as Gringo as I've ever seen in a strip mall taco shop, but was surprised by the quality.  The salsa bar off to the side is a plus as well.\n\nThere aren't a ton of options in the area, so if you're stuck in the Hardy and Broadway district, give it a shot and support some local business action!
We dined here on Valentine's day - I know, not the best time to go out for a good meal, but out we went...  Had an early rezzie and we had our choice of inside or outside.  The patio looked sweet but I don't like to be chilled so we sat at a little table close to the open patio doors & it was perfect.  We even had very nice chatty people on either side of us.  \n\nThe food was ok...we got the mashed potato stuffed shrimp, just cuz everyone commented about it and I was extremely underwhelmed, just as I was with the sea bass & my hubby with the what's in the steak steak - the wine was good but very pricey, most glasses were $14 & up and we lived in the SF Bay area for 15 years and didn't pay that.\n\nIt was a nice evening, the wait staff was good, but the food - eh....I wouldn't go back.
This place has good bagels, but tepid service. I get bagels to go, and the last time I was there the kid making the bagels had no food service gloves on, and was taking money, making bagels, etc. Not the end of the world, but it does kind of junk you out. Another odd thing is that when you like your bagels double toasted, for some reason they put SO much butter on, it's almost like the bagel is deep fried. I haven't been back since the kid had poor food hygiene practices, but I need to get back there.
"""It's fun when your adult daughter invites you to go drinking at one of her regular haunts with her and her friends.  Four of us went here one night while I was visiting in April and had great fun. The barmaid was very nice, though extremely busy, and the draft beer was good.  I just had a couple of beers and we did a lot of talking, nothing exciting.  In fact the most exciting thing happened on the way in when some dude was checking out said daughter's derriere exclaiming loudly on its attractiveness.  I didn't know whether to be flattered for her or irritated.  I teasingly said, \Hey, that's my daughter!\""""  Fellow didn't have much of a sense of humor and responded, \""""Who cares?\""""  Duh, I do.  I was keeping an eye out for him inside but fortunately never saw him.  It's been a long time since I had an altercation in a bar.  Hell, it's been a long time since I was in a bar."""""""
"""Biltmore on the Lake SOUNDS like it should be on the swanky side. I personally equate \Biltmore\"""" with Scottsdale type snobbery & semi-upscale.\n\nThis place is NOT upscale & the lake is the only awesome part. I come here because a friend of mine lives here. If I couldn't afford anything better than $400 a month then I wouldn't complain though.\n\nFYI there are 3 stories.\n\nLocation - If you come in from 28th for the first time you're going to drive up to the wrong entrance, guaranteed. The \""""Enter\"""" sign is pretty much pointing you to the apartments just North which are gated. Biltmore is not. I've never been on the freeway side but it's surprisingly not that loud.\n\nLake - Ok, the lake is by far the best thing about this place. The lake got this place 3 stars instead of 2. My friend was lucky enough to get an apartment lake side. I love sitting on his patio watching the ducks & especially the geese. They can get loud in the morning though, but that doesn't bother me. There's an asphalt path along the lake that people like to walk too.\n\nPeople - The type of people living here is quite mixed. I've seen families with kids, a couple quiet emo/scene guys, & 2 attractive girls moving in.\n\nSecurity - I've seen people leave their places wide open & empty while they completely walk away for 30 min at a time. That seems insane to me. Also, there's a security guy that rides around on a bike at night. I like that.\n\nPets - I'm not sure what their pet policy is but I've seen a few women with friendly Chihuahuas. I've even seen a few people with medium to large dogs. If you hate cats, don't live here. They're EVERYWHERE!!! I haven't seen a lot of feces though. People seem to pick up after their pets or wander away from the building.\n\nNoise - The walkway is hollow sounding but you can't really hear when people walk by. Of course you can hear your neighbors sometimes but it's actually not as bad as some apartments I've visited.\n\nGrounds & cleanliness - The grounds are clean & surprisingly well groomed. The grass was green (in the winter). The building seemed tad grungy. Maybe I looked down at the dirty ground too much. The brownish paint job tries to hide the dirt but instead makes me feel like the whole place is so dirty it's TURNED brown. Maybe that's just me.\n\nThere are a couple grills & I've seen at least 1 gated pool.\n\nManagement let my friend paint his place a dark red wine & light cocoa color (he's a painter). He was told it was fine as long as he paints it back to white when he leaves.\n\nAlso, my friend told me that if the police show up at your apartment you'll then be kicked out. Perhaps hearsay to keep people in line, perhaps not..."""""""
Ok, this is coming from sombody that is not a fan of the Cheesecake factory.\nMy cousin, her friend, and I walk into the the restaurant and decided to eat in the bar area.  We had a very sweet waitperson, Summer.  She rocked with suggestions and her personality was great.  I had one of their smoothies, just like the one at Cheesecake Factory.  It was good, but I have had better at Jumba Juice.  I ended up having their angel hair pasta, my cousin had a chicken salad, and friend #3 decided that he would just mooch off our plates.  The reason why I hate these types of places is that they give you WAY TOO MUCH FOOD!  Why do they do that?  Especially with people, like me, that learned that they better clean off their whole plate? I just gained 10 pounds.\n\nFood was nothing spectacular.  My cousin then ordered the Splenda Cheesecake, that she said tastes horrible. (She had the one at Cheesecake Factory, which she thinks is awesome)\n\n5 stars to the lovely Summer (or was it Winter...I can't remember now...crap!)  My cousin actually left her money on the booth.  She called the restaurant and Summer actually said she found it and was holding it for her just in case she came back for it.  Extra plus for honesty that I didn't even think existed in the world anymore.  2 stars for the mediocre food.  And 3 stars to the host stand...a story that I don't have enough energy to even type here.
I love their cheapness. Their fish is about 1/2 the price of other grocery stores, or at least the ones I've been to. Their brand of cheetos are delicious too! The staff at this location are super helpful and nice, and F&E sends coupons all the time. \n\n\nThe only things I don't like about this location are: 1. If you go around 5-6pm on a weekday it is crammed with d-bags who don't know how to shop. They like to block aisles while they chit chat. 2. They seem to almost always run out of the best bread (German Rye) and the big bottles of Mango Lemonade. 3. Their pizza sucks. At least the frozen kind does anyway. It literally tasted worse than cardboard, and I tried two different kinds (of pizza, not cardboard).
Not the best lengua and cabeza tacos, but you could do much worse in the valley. The tongue was a bit more toothsome than tender, and the cabeza was a little on the greasy side. The carne asada was really well seasoned and not too fatty though, and the carnitas were tender perfection-- muy delicious. \n\nAll tacos are served in a doubled up corn tortillas, which was kind of blah. It was a bummer considering there the corn tortilla tasted more like filler because they were a bit stale. At least there was a very generous amount of meaty filling per taco, each of which is topped with onions and cilantro.\n\nThe atmosphere isn't much to speak of, but when looking for a good taco joint, this generally doesn't regsiter on my radar. They could really benefit from adding some grilled jalapenos on the side of their tacos, or at the very least putting together a kick ass salsa bar. You know, the kind where you go overboard and get a tiny plastic container of at least four types of salsa, pickled veggies and pico. Hells yeah. \n\nOh, but they don't have that here. They do have some cheap and filling options for Mexican food that are much more authentic than the 'Bertos mold. Hit it up if you're in the area, drop a fiver and feast!
You would never know this little treasure is hidden in this out of the way shopping mall. The owner was super accommodating with my daughter that's allergic to many things. The aroma was great when you walk in. The food, in my opinion may have not been superb, but was tasty.  Definately worth the value of the meal. I went and chose off the lunch menu which offers a lot and is only $5, $6 for the shrimp course. All come with an egg role and white rice.
Decided to have a pizza and movie night at home so I went here to buy some dough. They offer two kinds (wheat and traditional). Let me say as a person who bakes a lot and has made several batches of dough this was not good. The dough looked ok but did not want to be stretched which made it impossible to form a pizza. \n\nSo I decided instead to make calzones. For those who do not want to make their own I would say look for a good store bought dough because this is not it. Their breads are OK when they are fresh but the wheat pizza dough was terrible. Had to throw it away and I hate wasting food!! Will continue buying bread here but will have to look elsewhere for a good pizza dough supply. Or keep making my own
"""A-OK...but nothing that jumps out and says \man-o-man do you have ot get your ass back here\"""" (except maybe the badass Rosie the Riveter tattoo one of the servers had).\n\nI had hte veggie omelette with biscuits and bacon hashbrowns. I don't want to sound as though I didn't enjoy it...I did...but I felt like something was missing, some amazing piece of the puzzle.\n\nScramble is one of those places that could probably be my go-to spot if they just had one menu item (preferrably a side) that stood out and that you couldn't get anywhere else. If this item exists and I missed it please someone fill me in...\n\nYou order at the front counter and pay then they bring it out to you. This is kindof a saving grace if you are in a hurry. For instance if you were out too late bowling and drinking and crashed on Amber W's couch and probably should be at work already but there is no way you are going without breakfast and since you managed to leave your debit card at the bowling alley Amber W offers to buy you breakfast....because this happens sometimes."""""""
My fiance and I went here for the first time for his birthday. It was very slow that night (Thursday) in fact, we were the only ones in the restaurant! \nOur server was a very nice lady, she was accommodating but also kept her distance and gave us space.\n\n  I have been so excited to try out Zuzu, but I have to say, the food was just okay. We decided to get small plates instead of entrees.\n\n The Blue Cheese Fondue - was fun, what fondue isn't fun?? I guess they blended it, because it was sort of a turquoise color - I'm not so sure how I feel about blue food. But the flavor was nice, it was served with fresh potato chips and when our server saw we were getting low she quickly brought out more. It was good, but everything you would expect from blue cheese fondue and not much more.\n\n The Lobster and Shrimp Crab Cake - neither of us were sold on this dish. It was very chunky (maybe desirable for some) Dan said it reminded him of a balled up shrimp casserole. 3/4 of it sat on the plate untouched.\n\n The (orange?) Ahi Tuna - we didn't get to try. Because after we ordered it our server came back with the menu and told us they were out of it and to pick something else. \n\n The Beet Salad - was good! The golden beets were nice and sweet but the red beets were better. It is also served with pickled onions and goat cheese. \n\n The Mac and Cheese - was yummy. The crunchy bread crumbs added a  fun, very '50's touch onto the dish.\n\n Drinks were pricy. I got a soda and Dan got a coffee - I think they were each $3.00.\n\n The dessert menu was pretty cute. Dan got a free banana split for his birthday! The server actually came out with the dessert menu and told him he could choose whatever he wanted!! He was a little upset about the dirty, food smeared menu, but excited about the free dessert. \n\n All in all the meal was priced pretty fair. We got all this for $44.00 - not including tip.\n\n The vibe was fun, very Brady Bunch, I was half expecting Alice to come out to the table with a meatloaf!
I was called by Data Doctors and asked about my problem with the Pinnacle Peak establishment.  Robert, who supervises the Data Doctors, was nice enough to explain that it was a communication problem.  He asked me to come over and he would  help to resolve this problem.  He was extremely helpful and did refund the $29.95.\nWith the new ownership I think they need a little time to get better communicate skills with the public, but I do believe they will make an effort to do this.
I decided to go with something semi light so I went with the club sandwich: Sourdough bread with bacon, turkey, avocado and some other stuff  It was pretty good the fries that came with my sandwich were just right.. soft but very crunchy . My meal was good but  it gets 3 stars  from me because they don't have a very good selection on the menu. It does have a nice little patio in front looking out towards the various gates so you'll never miss your flight unless you are inside the bar watching a game. it's a Cool place to sit while u wait for your flight. :)
"""Was just here for a birthday party with about 9 others. I had been to Fogo de Chao before in another city and it took me a good amount of time to go back. I remember being fuller than I've ever been and for whatever reason kept me away from there for a while. Overall the food was good, but not great.  The salad bar was pretty tasty and had some good selections. I didn't have one meat offering that I was blown away by.  The service was average and it didn't help that one of the meat carvers spilled meat juice on the back of my shirt (was never mentioned, but noticed by my wife). I made the hostess aware of this and they gave me a wipe to try and clean it.  You would have thought that they would have thrown in a free dessert or something on the house, but just a \sorry about that\"""". They also offered to pay for the cleaning if it didn't come out.  If you haven't been to a Brazilian steakhouse before, it's probably worth checking out, but to me seems a little gimmicky and probably will be a while before I'm back."""""""
Sorry but I wasnt impressed with this bar.  I ran in with a friend on Friday night specifically so I could review it since I hadnt been in so long, and was actually pretty dissapointed.  \n\nThe Goods:\nThere was no line.\nThere was a hot guy checking IDs\nIts decorated well\nDJ played good music \n\nThe Bads:\nThe music was so loud my ears were burning\nEveryone in there was under 5'5 including men which bugs the SHIT out of me\nEveryone was at least 5 years older than me.  And even though I thought it was a little weird when a 21 year old hit on me at Six 15 minutes later, I like a little youth to my bar crowd...all 34+??  Cant handle that yet.  \nEven though we werent in there long, no one seemed that friendly\n\nThe UGLYs:\nWe didnt get one drink while we were in there because the bar area was packed and we couldnt even se the bartenders there were so many people seperating us from our goose and sodas.  THIS IS INSANE.  \n\nI'd give it another shot on a night thats maybe not so busy, but for now, I'll be spending my Fridays elsewhere.
Sakana is a clean place. Sakana's service is decent. It's prices reasonable. The sashimi was nice, cut retarded, but nice. \nSakana is a good place to take someone who really likes crab salad; because nearly every roll is a crab salad California roll. Then maybe they add something to it. Seriously. \nThe green paste wasabi was very weak. I had to use a full teaspoon to feel any heat. The spicy salmon on top of the California roll (oops I mean Alaskan roll) was MINCED. I kid you not. They did not lay some fresh cut salmon on the roll, it was reformed into a salmon chunk from chopped up salmon. BLINK. \nWhat saves Sakana a bit is they had a nice chicken cutlet appetizer, thin, juicy, nice panko. Great for my child who isn't a sushi monster. I saw a salad go by that looked nice. It did get a lot of business, but I suspect it is from people who like very americanized items, in particular the crab salad you can buy at any grocery store. \nThere were plenty of kids there, so if you want to introduce sushi to a child or someone, this might be a good place. They give you an orange at the end. Nice.\n If you are a sushi afficiando... you'll need to look elsewhere.
I take it back.  This is another typical coffee franchise.  The espresso is still a bit weak, though not as bad as Starbucks, and they've managed to avoid that burnt flavor we all know so well.  It's mediocre, with a drive through, but the best we have to offer at the moment in this part of town and is sufficient for quick coffee runs.\n\nThe fireplace is a charming touch, it feels laid back, and the music is generally chill and helpful to throw me into the necessary homework zone on the days where I forget my headphones.\n\nThe blueberry muffins are a bit lacking and have a sugar dusting.  A triple vanilla soy latte runs less than $4.50 and these days, that's the best I'm going to do anywhere.\n\nIt's not Macy's or Gold Bar or Steve's or Souvia, but I'm in love with this place.  It feels plastic and chain-like, which generally makes me anxious.   The chairs are slightly uncomfortable, but look like they should be heavenly.  The baristas are all incredibly nice and helpful and I want to take them all home and make them my friends.  They'll create special orders when needed, they'll bring your food to the table where all of your papers are scattered about.  There's free wifi and convenient places to plug in your laptops.\n\nIt reminds me of the 75th Ave and Bell Coffee Plantation circa 2000, when I previously lived in this neighborhood.  It was mediocre on many levels, but the atmosphere was worthwhile and just stimulating enough to help get me through high school safely.  Despite the flaws, I put decent sums of my meager teenage wages toward keeping them in business.  (That Coffee Plantation went under shortly after I moved to Flagstaff for college.  Coincidence?  I think not.)\n\nAny place that does this much and will let me loiter on a few cups of coffee and an absolutely average bagel while located less than a mile from my house needs to stay in business, warts and all.  I'm in love.
I came here with my husband before the Yelp Cocktail Society at Lustre Bar. It was very close by, and there was a Living Social deal available so I figured it would be a great time to try out one of my bookmarks.\n\nThings got off to a rocky start. The place was empty except one table on the patio, but we had to request the preoccupied to server to actually serve us. Then we were told they were out of Negro Modelo. Como?\n\nMy veggie tacos were delicious, and I really liked the rice. The beans could have used more seasoning. My husband thought his carne asada tacos were just ok.\n\nI would come back for some happy hour veggie tacos and people watching on the patio when the weather is nice.
"""For good deals on hiking boots/tennis shoes I shop Big 5 every few months despite membership at REI for a long time.  \n\nI first learned about Hi-TEC boots while some of the AZ Yelpers were in kindergarten.  I made a big mistake of hiking in work boots on my first ten mile coastal hike with stream crossings followed by climbing a ridge on a fire road near Malibu. I also used cheap cotton socks which didn't help the situation either.  I had to nurse quarter size blisters for several months.  In the interim I learned about the necessity for good fitting hiking boots and hiking socks.\n\nOn my next hike I had purchased my first pair of Hi-TEC hiking boots and padded socks.  Since then both light and heavy duty boots but still like Hi-TECs for short to medium hikes.  Three years ago I learned Big 5 stocked Hi-TECs and seemed to put them on sale fairly often.  I have worn out two pairs but at half the price or less than REI it is not worth my trouble or time and now gas to go to REI.  \n\nI just purchased two pairs of Hi-TEC El Dorados so should be set for several more years.   Happy Hiking...\n\nHi-TEC Update:  The El Dorado model has superior ease in \sliding\"""" my foot in and out plus \""""tie ability\"""" with a raised  loop and hook vs. my oldest Quantum model with a loop and my more recent Mckenzie with double hooks.  The Quantum, although more colorful, is being retired and I hope it doesn't end up in Canadian waters with a foot in it... (especially my foot)...."""""""
I asked Siri where the nearest Sonic was and she told me to go to this one. The funny thing is that I kept thinking Siri must be crazy as I drove past cotton fields, horse farms, and what looked like deserted homes... finally I came upon something called OLD TOWN Buckeye and yes, Siri was right.. there is a Sonic there!  \n\nI am a huge fan of their ice. I know that sounds really weird, but Sonic has crushed ice, which makes any kind of drink so much better.\n\nIf you like the old car hop, diner style food, this place has a lot to offer. I would prefer it had a better location, but the service and food were on par with any other location.\n\nI like to park and have them skate the food out, I like that they have the little order speaker at every parking spot, so you can be lazy and not even get out of your car. LOL.\n\nMy fave thing to get is a toaster and tots and if i am feeling very evil, a banana split!\n\nThey really have some good drinks too.. all sorts of mixtures. I would drop in more often for a slush if it weren't so out of the way.
"""$3 Long Island Iced Teas. Do I need to say more? Yes? Okay, fine... \n\nI don't think there is anything wrong with this place if you are into getting drunk for cheap, playing pool, watching sports and hanging with the bro-ha's... which evidently by my 3-star rating I am not, or on this night I was not, interested in. \n\nThe drinks were really good. I ended up putting back at least 1.5 Long Islands. It would have been more if my friend Rose wasn't alternating sips with me. Hopefully she doesn't have mono ha ha \n\nThe bathrooms were clean and let me know about the myriad of \ladies nights\"""" they have, but unfortunately both the women's and the men's bathrooms are in plain view of the bartender and other patrons, so I was unable to sneak in one of them and give Dallas the business. Maybe that is why I was so disgruntled? \n\nThe only reason we came here was because we were in a large group and some of the members thought it would be fun. In a group setting, sure. But I wouldn't hit this bar up alone. Not that I go to bars alone. Usually. At least no more than once a week, anyway."""""""
I went to Big Daddy's BBQ yesterday and left a little disappointed.  As mentioned by others the food was pretty good, but the portion and price was not.  I have no problem paying a little more if the portions are larger, but they were very average in size.  \n\nYou would think because they had a big corporate backing the prices would have been cheaper but I guess not.  I want to return back to Big Daddy's but I think I will have a hard time justifying the price for what you get.
We first discovered Crazy Buffet back in Albuquerque. That location only lasted a few months, however, and we were pretty disappointed when it closed down. So we were pretty excited when we found out there was one here. I will say, however, for a Chinese buffet, this place is a bit pricey.\n\nWe've been to this location a couple of times. The food is pretty much what you expect for a Chinese buffet. Mediocre, mass-produced fried rice, appetizers and such. The thing that makes this place stand out amongst other Chinese buffets for us is the sushi. The sushi is actually pretty darn good here. The pieces are decently sized, the rice not too tacky or too loose. And you can eat as much as you'd like. No, it's not the best sushi in the world...but when you can't afford to go to a decent sushi place or you've got a hankering for a mish-mash of various Chinese dishes mixed in with some random American favorites (pizza &amp; chicken wings)...this is a pretty good place to go.\n\nOne thing that did disturb me a little last time we went (I hadn't been paying as much attention the previous visit) was just how much this place seems to be falling apart. Wallpaper peeling off the walls...that sort of thing. Kinda makes you wonder about sanitation, mold and all that gross stuff.
Oh Kona Grill, how you bring back memories.  \n\nI first discovered Kona Grill's happy hour back in college, the lure of the $2.50 Ladies Margarita and the half price happy hour menu fit right in to my college budget!  Although the shopping after too many $2.50 Ladies Margarita's didn't, but that's a story for another day.\n\nI went to Happy Hour at Kona yesterday for the first time in awhile, and oddly enough, it was with some of my old college buddies.  We were excited for cheap food and drinks, because even though we aren't in college anymore, we still love cheap eats!\n\nIt was a bit cold and rainy yesterday, so we were able to easily find a table on the patio (HH is only available on the patio and bar....so getting a seat sometimes turns into a stakeout!). We were a bit disappointed to see that the HH menu was a bit different than before; instead of just all the sushi and apps and pizzas being half price, they were bunched into groups by price.  Some of the prices were still half off, but others, like the Edamame ($4.00 regularly and $3.00 during HH) were not that great of a deal.  Being that it we were quite hungry, we ordered some sushi, edamame, calamari, chicken tacos, avocado egg rolls and the potstickers.  All of the food was much like we remembered, with the calamari being our overwhelming favorite, so crispy with the spicy sauce, yum!  We were a bit disappointed to see that the tacos no longer came with the yummy fried rice like they used to, but it wasn't the end of the world.  The sushi was good, but not the best I have ever had, but fresh nonetheless.  The biggest bummer about the sushi was that most of the rolls that we wanted weren't on the HH menu, especially since they were only $6.00 to begin with the HH sushi rolls were all $3.00....didn't make sense to us.\n\nI know I will go back to Kona, but only during happy hour, I don't love it enough to pay full price!
"""3.5 stars for the food, 2 stars for the service.\n\nGot the bruschetta appetizer which was tasty (although heavy on the cheese).  For entrees we got a salad, chicken with pesto risotto, and salmon - all of which tasted really good!  There are lots of vegetarian options on the menu, but when I tried to modify them to be vegan (ie: no cheese, no mayo, no cream) the server told me the dishes wouldn't taste good and discouraged me from getting them.\n\nFor dessert we got the \big cookie\"""" (half-baked cookie dough baked into the dish with ice cream on top) and the brownie with coffee ice cream, carmel and pretzels.  The brownie dish was way better but both of were pretty good.\n\nThe service, on the other hand, was AWFUL.  Took our order fairly quickly, but only after we had finished the appetizer did our server come out and ask us to clarify something about the order, so obvi he hand't even put it in yet.  Our empty plates sat in front of us for WAY too long, my to go box never came so I had to stare at a plate of chicken while eating my brownie dessert!  And of course it took forever to have him pick up and process our check.\n\nEven though the food was good, it's not good enough to make me come back here and endure the painful service."""""""
I'm surprised more people haven't written a review for this place.  I have been eating here since I was about 11, but hadn't been here in years.  The restaurant itself is very small, but there are a lot of seats outside.  My husband had the Mountaineer that included biscuits, gravy, eggs, country fries, and a cinnamon bun.  The cinnamon bun was delicious, and hot.  There was so much frosting on top, it made my teeth hurt.  The country fries were hot, fresh and crispy.  As for the biscuits and gravy...TO.DIE.FOR.  The gravy is the best tasting gravy I have ever had.  I had a cheese and ham omelette, but wasn't impressed.  The meal was hot, but the eggs weren't fluffy and they didn't put enough cheese in the omelette.  I would eat here again, but would get the Mountaineer or just Cinnamon Bun the next time around.  The service was good, quick and friendly.
"""Carly's Bistro. Simple, quiet place with decent bar offerings, sandwiches, salads and appetizers. \n\nThey offer a limited, but nice array of imported beers. They serve most of their beers in brand specific glassware. \n\nTheir sandwiches have a familiarity with a hint of creativity, I had the \Ex Patriot\"""". Turkey, brie, tomato on Ciabatta. It was good, only had one slice of tomato on it however. \nThe kitchen was a bit slow on service. It took 20 minutes to get the two sandwiches we ordered and it was a slow night\n\nIt's nice spot to hang and sip on a beer. Hopefully the kitchen can speed up its production."""""""
"""First off: Their burgers are amazing.  Hands down delicious.  My rare burger was charred on the edges and pink on the inside, and the mushroom-cheese-argula combo on top was awesome.\n\nHOWEVER, I typically don't eat meat unless it's from grassfed cows.  Most cows are grassfed for most of their life, and finished on grain.  My convo with the waiter went like this:\n\nMe:\Is your meat grassfed?\""""\nWaiter: \""""Yes, it's Harris Ranch outside San Francisco\""""\nM: \""""Is it grassfed it's whole life, or finished on corn?\""""\nW: \""""It's whole life\""""\n\nI ordered and ate my mushroom burger feeling pleased.\n\nWhen I got home, I checked out Harris Ranch here, http://www.harrisranchbeef.com/aboutus/story.html#Anchor-Feeding-11481 where they clearly say their cattle are finished on corn, in a feedlot.\n\nDon't get me wrong, the burger was delicious.  However, I would appreciate that everyone is educated the same in the restaurant, especially on the delicate topic of sourcing their food."""""""
I'm not usually in this area but after a particularly disappointing lunch where I had to send my food back so I had not eaten, I was on my way home and Zoe's caught my eye. \n\nI've Never heard of it but I knew it wasn't around when I lived down here so I decided to check it out. \n\nTheir menu seemed decent and healthier for you than most quick places. \n\nI decided to get the tuna sandwich with fruit (see pics) I declined the bag of chips that also would have come with the meal. \n\nWell as you can see it was nothing special and I'm not particularly fond of shredded lettuce, it belongs on tacos, but the sandwich was actually decent. \nIce cold and not overly done tuna, fresh soft bread and good fruit. They even had Caffeine Free Diet Coke at the soda fountain. \n\nNow like others have said I could make something like this at home,\nbut I wasn't at or near home so I didn't mind getting it here. \n\nIf I'm back in the area I would probably go back to try that chicken salad Gabi is talking about and maybe some of the chocolate cake, it looked pretty good.
I love mediterranean food.  A lot.  But for some reason I'd never quite found myself at the Phoenicia before today.  A friend invited me, I was excited to try something new so we made a go of it.\n\nI had the gyros pita, which was pretty good.  Not the best ever, not the best in Phoenix metro. But it was still good.  My friend went with the Lentil soup and the vegetarian platter (Tabouleh, Hummus and Babaganoush served with a generous pile of pita bread).  I tried the hummus and babganoush and I'm more partial to Cafe Istanbul on both counts but to each their own.  \n\nThe place was clean, I liked the yellow and purple tables a lot and the service was decent.  They have fresh squeezed carrot juice which I enjoyed quite a bit.  The water however was unfiltered tap water and awful in the way that all Tempe tap water is consistently awful.
"""Sweet Tomatoes.  What the heck.  \n\nThe new Field Kitchen concept is \ok\"""".  It needs some tweaking!  The biggest problem I think I had was that I wasn't expecting it.  If I return knowing what I am getting into, I'd probably enjoy it more.  We went in there hoping for a lot of food for not a lot of cash.. but alas, Sweet Tomatoes has gone a la carte.\n\nThe first station is salad: you can get a specialty salad or make-your-own.  The make-your-own version is comparable to what we went in for.  At the end, you get the option to add meat, skewers, etc for another couple dollars.  The make-your-own salad comes with a bowl for soup (or macaroni.. because that's a soup) and a waffle cone for soft-serve ice cream later.  Swipe your little FK credit card.\n\nNext station is bread and sides.  The bread is free, whew.  Every other side is priced individually.  We got samples during our preliminary tour... they were good.  I'll tell you, if bread hadn't been included, we'd have staged a revolution.  If you want some pasta or other side... swipe the FK CC.\n\nThe last station is beverages, where you can get a fountain drink with free refills, or a special juice, or a bottled beverage.  Swipe that card.\n\nIf you want dessert beyond the ice cream (IF you got it included with your make-your-own salad) you can return to that station for a cookie, cheesecake, etc.  Swipe!\n\nAfter you eat, you give your little card to a cashier and pay.  You cannot leave the restaurant without a card.  I'm not gonna lie, that creeps me out.\n\nSooo quality of the food: Salad was comparable to before, but there were no mixed greens?  Either spinach or iceberg.  Not my fav.  Macaroni and cheese has gone downhill.  As I mentioned, the samples we tried were good, but I declined purchasing more food.  \n\nConcept: Interesting.  The biggest flaw was that each station had only a small counter for resting one's tray, so in addition to carrying that tray to and fro, one must also stand and hold it as they wait their turn to swipe the FK card.  Too much tray holding.  I liked when I could put it down, slide once, carry once, and we're done.\n\nPrice: For a comparable meal, price is just slightly higher, I think, than it was.  If you give in to all the up-selling, I imagine you could spend quite a lot pretty easily.\n\nService: Great, actually!  I think they about tripled their staff.  There was someone around every turn ready to help.  I can only imagine the rigorous training they'd just been through, and they were at attention the whole time.  We'll give that a few months and see if it sticks."""""""
"""Mucho Gusto? Mas o menos. Mucho Guero es la verdad! \n\nOkay, so maybe my Spanish is a little rusty. However, I do know that Mucho Gusto has a lot of college-town hype to it, yet fails to deliver. The service is horrible, the bartenders inconsistent, and the food (although semi-inventive) is just \OK.\"""" The guac was great, but the chips were a hit or miss. This pseudo-upscale joint (which had the most annoying singer-songwriter live music ever) has a couple of tasty treats,but for the most part, I would have rather chased down one of the awesome taco stands here in LA than pay the $$ for what they called Mexican food. Small plates during Happy Hour are the way to go, but if you want a classy and delicious Mexican dinner worth the money, I'd say Barrio Cafe in Phoenix all the way."""""""
"""This is a neat hangout for craft beer people and slightly alternative people. I like the architecture, the decor, and the pool table (although I did not play). The beer list is impressive if you're into that. There does seem to be a significant emphasis on beer lifestyle. My husband and I went for Birthday Suit Burlesque on Friday, Sept. 21. The reason I'm giving it 3 stars is because the bartenders could have been a lot friendlier, and customer service is a big deal to me. We also found it tough to find a decent place to sit/stand to see the stage, unobscured. We watched most of the performances on the monitor behind the bar. I really liked that the monitor was there, but it seemed to cheapen the experience, it was like watching the girls on a security camera. Although I originally felt that I was among like-minded individuals, my husband and I got a lot of prolonged stares and then I felt like the place was really clique-y and probably not very hospitable to \outsiders.\"""" The drink specials made it relatively painless for us to drink there. We stayed for about an hour (even after paying the $6 cover) and left, feeling underwhelmed by the show."""""""
They have pretty good daily and happy hour specials on drinks. The food is a tad pricey imho, but it is good.\n\nOrdered the jess jess wings they were nice and crisp, flavorful...but I do tend to like my wings a little saucier and I couldn't taste or see the bleu cheese crumbles.\n\nAlso ordered the burger with the green chili and tots. It was solid, but a little under-seasoned for my liking. \n\nI would definitely go back and try some other wings.
Arriba is alright. I haven't been to any other location, so I can't compare between Ahwatukee and elsewhere; but this location is adequate.\n\nThe Good:\nThey actually have a pretty decent breakfast on the weekends; and you get a side of pancakes with breakfast too! The Queso dip is a tasty appetizer (it has chorrizo in it, mmm!). And the $.99 Happy Hour Margaritas are reason enough to visit Arriba.\n\nThe Not-So-Good:\nThe service is pretty spotty. Sometimes you're waiting a while and the restaurant isn't even crowded. And I wouldn't say they're the friendliest group of people either -- not rude, but not friendly. The food is sort of uneven as well: some winners and some duds. And pay attention to the heat levels on the menu; some of the dishes are HOT.\n\nOverall, Arriba is a decent middle-of-the-road Mexican dining option. I'll undoubtedly be back...for sure during Happy Hour.
I have to say I was a little disappointed.  Okay, I don't have to say it, but I will say it.  Had lunch here a few weeks ago when it had finally stopped raining.  Everyone seemed to be on the patio, so that's where I felt we should be to get the most out of the A Z88 experience.  The beautiful people crowd must have still been primping or sleeping, because they were nowhere to be seen.  That's fine.  I find I look much better sitting next to an ugly person anyway.\n\nI went with the portobello mushroom sandwich, with onion, tomato, and crispy fried potatoes.  The tomatoes weren't quite ripe, and the potatoes just tasted like an over-browned potato chip.  Does anyone remember Laura Scudders crappy chips?  Kinda like that.\n\nThe waffle fries, however, were fantastic.  Usually, I'm not a fan of the waffle fry as they are usually undercooked or overcooked.  But these were just right.\n\nI had no complaints about service, and the restaurant is nice.  I just thought the food should have been better.  I wouldn't mind giving it another shot and ordering something different though.
I remember a time when Ikea was an almost legendary place where the angels would sing a greeting to me as I passed through the hallowed doors. \n\nThat was a long time ago. \n\nWhen I was younger (and significantly poorer) Ikea was the one true way I could get semi-stylish home furnishings at a reasonable price. Many a room was filled with fine pre-fab furniture that was always just a wee bit small. \n\nIt's funny how ones' tastes change. This weekend I ventured forth to Ikea in search of baby stuff. A good friend of mine is with child and wanted to check out what Ikea had to offer. \n\nWalking through the store I saw the same stuff I saw ten years ago, and while I could still see the appeal, I realized that it just wasn't as cool as I remembered. Ah well, at least I still have the memories (and the coffee table, end tables, TV stand and lamps). \n\nIkea is still great if you have something specifically in mind. My friend found a bunch of excellent decorations for the soon-to-be-born babies room, all for insanely low prices. I bought a few pillows. Yes, this is what my life has become. \n\nIkea didn't change, I did.
I guess Thai Food is like sex because it is always good but some are better than others .\n\nAs soon as we were seated the server gave us on the house cups of tofu vegetable soup that was fresh and tasty and later took our order skipping out before we had time to order drinks .... then we got glasses of water .\n\nI have the Green Curry with tofu Lunch , my curry came out white and tasted ALMOST like melted coconut ice-cream but with chili's and Basil . My tofu was browned on one side and I got some nice vegetables , rice and a fried vegetable roll that was almost burnt .\n\nI have been here before and they really were much better last time  so ?????\n This really wasn't the best Thai maybe it was the worst I've had so far but it was OK I think...
We stopped by this place for dinner because we were stuck in that part of town with an Entertainment Guide and hunger pangs.  I was a little hesitant at first, because the restaurant is sandwiched in a row of restaurants that either are fast food or appear to be.  Anyways, I am glad that we did not turn away.  I had the falafel platter with grilled veggies and baba ganoush.  The griled veggies were very good as was the falafel (honestly, though I can't really tell a good falafel from a bad falafel unless it is total crap).  The baba ganoush was a little less smoky tasting than I have had at other places, but still good.  We also had the spicy feta fries (fries with feta, bleu cheese dressing and wing sauce), which were good, but would not hold up to the Gaelic Nachos at the BOP.  The waitstaff was very friendly and it was a good experience. I would go back, but I would get the sandwich for about half the price as the entree.  The flaming cheese also looked very good as well.
The sushi was good (I only tried 2 rolls). The wine selection was GREAT! The service was good, and the price was a bit high. Over all I enjoyed my experience at RA. The only 2 negatives were, the women's bathroom was being remodeled so I had to used the men's....eeeewh, and it was FREEZING! For some reason the AC was on at 8 pm at night and it was cold outside. We asked them to turn it off because it was blowing right on our table and no one ever did. Since I was literally shivering I did not get to enjoy my experience as much as I would have liked. I really just wanted to go relax and chat with my friends after work, but I think I burned just as many calories sitting there freezing my ars off as I would have if I had gone to the gym. I'll go back when it is hot outside again.
"""They use the same SKU number for several different products.  It's moronic that they would do this, because it means that something that is listed as \in stock\"""" is actually a different product, thereby wasting your time on a trip to this store.  This was the 2nd location in the valley, and they're not doing a good job of holding up to Total Wine down the street.  They adjusted some of their prices after this, but it's rough going for them.\n\nNice corner location and the shop is relatively clean, though lines can be too long at times."""""""
I recently went with my bestie and her family for a birthday.  We went to go see the Showstoppers.  I honestly thought that it was going to be boring and I would be bored out of my mind for an hour but it was fun and enjoyable.  We sat in the very front, practically on the stage, and I wouldn't do that again.  There is a lot going on and it was hard to see it all at the same time.  And, the dancers butts were right by my head, not my style but I'm sure some guy would enjoy it.\n\nWe didn't stay to gamble but it was very busy.
Positives: There was a wide variety of salad, meats, and sides that come with your meal; drinks and dessert are not included. The service is phenomenal and absolutely what you'd want when you spend that much money for food. \n\nNegatives: We are absolutely meat lovers, and enjoy good flavor, however with the exception of a couple of cuts, there really wasn't too much to it, other than over salted entrees. Also, we went here for spring restaurant week and normally the prices during this week should be much cheaper than normal for a 3 course meal, and instead it was only 6 dollars cheaper than any other normal dinner night. I thought this was very deceiving when I made reservations. I wouldn't mind paying the money, if they were upfront about it. \n\nWorth trying once just to say you went there, but we probably won't be going back.
"""Saw this place on Man v. Food and it was so close to our hotel, had to check it out. At 7:00Pm on a Saturday, night we pulled up and it looked closed...it was that slow. Walked in and was promptly greeted by the traditional Alice Cooper Zombie host. We had the place to ourselves and were really well taken care of. This place looks like the love child of Hard Rock cafe, Tilted Kilt. Amazing music memorabilia and sports from all over the world in every direction. Kinda like drinking beer and eating BBQ in a Guitar Center or a plasma tv store!  I had the pulled pork and she had \no more Mr. nice guy\"""" pasta. \""""a spicy chicken penne pasta with a little hot dog thrown in for good measure.  Surprisingly good considering. the pulled pork was good and hit the spot considering I was craving BBQ!  The fact of the matter is, you need to go here for the ambience, the sports memorabilia, the rock 'n roll  museum that this place is. You're not going to walk away from here with some kind of culinary epiphany or recipes for the kitchen or for your next family barbecue reunion. This would be a great place to watch a game or a fight without a doubt.\nI'll come back for sure!!"""""""
First time I was in here I was impressed by Fances's selection of unique clothing and accessories. I loved the fact that they carried jewelry and other accessories from local artists. Their clothing and shoes can be a bit pricey which is why I give them 3 stars instead of 4 or 5. I think that they could work in some lower price points when it comes to clothes to make it more accessible to a broader range of clientele. I will definitely be back in to buy stuff, but it'll  be when I'm ready to splurge on clothing.
Went there tonight for dinner and I am kinda on the fence. I have never had food like this so it was all new to me. we ordered the flammenkuchen and it was good but I am not a big cheese fan so that threw me off a bit but the rest of the table devoured it and raved about how amazing it was. we all ordered crepes I had the one with bacon potato and onions, the rest had a 4 cheese one, the ratatouille and the one with scallops. the rest of the table ate every bite of their crepes but I had just a quarter of mine. I think its just not for me but I am sure it is quite good by the reviews here and my other table mates. we finished with the chocolate fondue it was OK it came with apples strawberries brownie bites and cream puffs good but not earth shattering. I am sure my friends will run back but I think I will stay behind next time.
Hideaway? More like a complete secret. There were no signs or anything out front and we barely found the place. Thank goodness for iphone maps. \n\nAnyway, once inside we were greeted quickly. The main area consisted of a long bar and a few tables, but it was full. So, we got the next best thing...our own large table in the private party room. Ok? I thought. But, I was hungry and really craving New Mexican cuisine. After a short wait, our food came. I got the New Mexican Sampler. It consisted of rice, beans, a burro, a enchilada, and quesadilla. The burro and quesadilla were yummy, but the enchilada was a little too dry for my taste. The beans and rice were good too. The only negative was that the entire platter was topped with a ton of cheese. That probably explains why they have pizza on the menu. Also, my dining partner ordered the quesadilla sampler and the cheese was prevalent again. I guess going forward you can always ask for less cheese. Otherwise, the food here is good and hearty. Don't come with a light apetite.
"""The bf and I needed some majoring pampering (or, I did, and dragged him along for the ride) and got a 90-minute couples massage.  It was a pretty decent experience, though I wish I could have been slightly closer to the bf.  He seemed like he was on the opposite side of the room which was counter-intuitive to the \couples\"""" concept.  The facilities are decent, though small and slightly outdated.  It was odd how you have to pass through the steam room to get to the small soaking pool, and the temperature of the pool was too lukewarm to fully enjoy.  \n\nI wasn't the biggest fan of my masseuse, either.  She was a little snappy for a masseuse (you want a calming, soothing person to be touching you, and sadly this wasn't entirely the case) and had some really painful techniques.  \n\nOverall, however, for a couple's massage experience, it lived up to my expectations."""""""
"""This is pretty much my main grocery shopping destination, normally. They have so many great, fresh, organic and unique products here all under one roof. I feel so good shopping here...this is a place for body, mind AND soul! Other mentionables: Great line of Aegean hummus and dips (chipotle hummus, and sun-dried tomato tzatziki to name just a couple outstanding ones), always fresh organic produce, and a terrific lineup of body care products.\n\nOkay, the main reason they get 3 out of 5 stars is the lack of customer service on the part of the checker people. One guy who works there should, honestly, not be working with the public at all, as he is a no-personality kid who looks like a bum. I went there 2 nights ago and a different guy was also no-personality-glum-uninterested in my shopping experience. Hello??? Whatever happened to, \Hello, sir, how are you this evening? Did you find everything alright? Good.\"""" and maybe...a smile? Conversationality? Yes, you work as a...grocery checkout person and probably loathe that fact of your life...but you still...work in a professional, public relations capacity, like it or not, and need to fake it like any good server or store clerk, etc. I've actually gone to Sprouts or Trader Joe's a few times instead, because of this. Oh yeah, and try to have your checkers thoroughly trained before putting them on the floor...one gal I had one day - it must have been her first day on the job and she was so slow and held up the line forever while she looked through this book and that and had to call people to help her on simple stuff. Yikes.\n\nAnother reason I give them 3 stars is they can be a bit pricey (even for an organic specialty store), and their average bread price is well over $4. But things do go on sale quite often, and I think they have Whole Foods beat, overall on price. I haven't minded spending substantially more here, as the products are top notch, feel good, natural, and ultimately worth it. \n\nSunflower GM's and DM's, take note!"""""""
I never saw the point of reviewing Sky Harbor despite my many MANY hours spent here.... but there is a point, and that is that your experience here will totally depend upon your carrier and associated terminal. \n\nTerminal 4 is the biggest, nicest, most full of restaurants and services. T4 is home to primarily Southwest and US Air both of whom have hubs in PHX. It's the best place to be if you have some time and want the most options. However, security can take a little while although it is nothing compared to other busier airports. Also, beware that if you are being picked up outside baggage claim there are North and South side curbs so you have to tell your ride which side you are on. \n\nTerminal 2: Alaska or United are my main carriers here. Let's face it - T2 sucks as for services and number of power outlets. There is a Paradise Bakery and that is something and of course there are Starbucks. But despite the fact that things are more run down and smaller, I still like flying in and out of T2 because there is NEVER a line at security and it is easy in and out for pick ups and drop offs. But remember that outlets are scarce for charging your electronics! \n\nTerminal 3: I've flown out in Delta and Jet Blue here. Not bad at all. Bigger than T2, but smaller than T4. Pretty easy in and out and plenty of places to eat and outlets.\n\nParking is easy onsite for short term and adjacent to for long term. It's also pretty cheap in the uncovered long term next to T2, like 8 bucks a day. You can't park that cheap near SeaTac or any other major airport without a shuttle!   \n\nThey do have free WIFI, but I will not lie - it is slow and inconsistent. I usually end up tethering to my phone's hot spot out of frustration. That one fact knocks Sky Harbor down from 4 to 3 stars. Over all, I am a fan of Sky Harbor. Not a bad place to fly in and out of on the regular....but FIX THE WIFI!!!\n\nAlso, note that you need to know if you are heading out of the airport towards the east or west valley. If you don't know, figure it out or risk ending up in the total wrong direction!
Well I hate to give bad reviews but thorough ones are needed. My arrival time was 15 minutes before my check- in time which is 15 minutes or so minutes before the actual appointment time(30 minutes before my appointment) but was still not seen until and hour after my appointment time and an hour. Mind you this was a Monday morning 8am appointment and there were a lot of people there but at 8am and already an hour behind... I'm a little disappointed.\n\nThe waiting area was comfortable however crowded. Lots of magazines and things to read, I saw someone bring in a laptop to work on while I was there... smart people in the world make me jealous in these situations.\n\nThey took me back approximately 30  hour in to see an assistant who went over my issue/eye sight check and then headed me back to the waiting area.\n\nDr. Ford was very knowledgeable which is why I gave the 3 star rating. He took his time (all of about 15 minutes) explaining my ailment and that it wasn't serious and would go away eventually. The office was clean, parking was ample and the office was easy to find. I don't know if I would come back unless I got the first appointment of the day.  I didn't think it would become an almost two hour endeavor which was the downside.
If you like to dance, no, if all you want to do is dance, this is your place. Albeit, the music was all hip hop, that was fine by me. Ladies if you don't like guys grabbing your wrist as you walk by or can't handle ones who dance up to you on the dance floor, this isn't for you. They get dirty here. I was determined to have fun, though. The guys I blew off didn't seem to mind and the ones on the dance floor just wanted to dance. I went with a group of five girls and 1 guy, no prob getting in, except the guy had to lose is cap. Well drinks were like $3 (i think) before midnight! Awesome. When we needed a break from dancing, we either hopped to the patio section, or one of the many non reserved booths around the dance floor. No issues trying to find a place to rest. Oh yeah, you people visiting from LA... don't compare it to LA or you won't have fun. Overall, I brought my game face and a good attitude and I had fun.
I've driven by the place a number of times and always thought it was just a little corner deli with some tables outside.  But it's got a huge dining room - deceptively large.  If you've got a lot of people looking to eat a simple meal together, this is the place.  The tables can all be moved and put together and it looks like a common occurrence. \n\nI'd heard the tuna melt was good so that's what I went.  It was fine.  If you're expecting a grease-laden tuna monstrosity, you'll be sorely disappointed.  It was probably more like a tuna sandwich you might make at home.  The bread was a nicely toasted whole wheat, probably a smallish scoop of tuna, a swipe of mayo, some nicely melted jack cheese and a slice of tomato.  The tuna wasn't cold so it must have been heated up but it seemed more like it had gone through one of those giant toaster contraptions they have at Quizno's.  The Ruffles-like chips were a bit better than Ruffles out of the bag but not by much.  My friend had the same so can't really add more about his meal.  \n\nOther people's food looked good.  The staff was nice and patient.  There was a TV tuned to sports with the sound off. The salad bar looked great: extensive and lots of fresh produce (at least it looked fresh)!  They have a lot of soups on the menu.   It looks like they have mostly Coke-products (I'm a Coke-girl) at the self-serve soda area though they had some specialty waters and sodas near the register. \n\nI'd meet a friend or a group of friends there for a healthy-tasting sandwich.
My husband and I ate here for our anniversary.  We had the peppercorn steak, Flemings Potatoes, and a salad.  The food was good but not great. I think we could have split the steak and potatoes and ordered our own salad. We also had two beers and one drink. I ordered a cheesecake to go and they forgot the sauce that went with the cheesecake.  Our bill came to $133.00. Now I'm not sure what part of that experience was worth what we paid. There wasn't anything about the food or the experience that was that spectacular.
"""I'm not one to be super picky about takeout Chinese food from hole's in the wall but this place was super bland.  I cant even remember what I ordered a week later.  I will probably try it one more time and see if its any better.  Place was clean and friendly just not to my liking of Chinese take out.\n\nBUT out here in the south west valley in the oh so lovely town of Tolleson I should be grateful for a restaurant that is not a chain and that there actually is a Chinese restaurant. \n\nTry them of you live out here.  Maybe it was just me.  I wanted to give it a 2 based on the \Meh, I've had better\"""" thing. But I just cant, they weren't awful or anything just not to my liking."""""""
I've been holding off on writing this review because I feel awful giving it three-stars (though I've been debating two). I've gone 5 times, hoping that every time would be better. However, I've had maybe one four-star worthy experience, and that was only the last time I went. \n\nI was excited to have another local coffee shop downtown, within walking distance from our office. We were big supporters and couldn't wait for the soft opening and then the grand opening (which was actually a great launch event). As someone who loves supporting local when I can, I had such high expectations for this place, which is probably where I'm to blame. \n\nI have yet to have outstanding customer service, and sometimes quite the opposite. It takes a painstakingly long time for them to make the drinks. Their sizes are very small in comparison to other coffee joints (including local ones), and pretty pricey. My coworkers complain to me that they don't give discounted refills for iced tea. They have taken my order and charged it, then informed us they ran out of soy. While refunding my order, they didn't offer anything for the inconvenience. I guess I just expected more. But hey, the coffee is actually good, but I'm the kind of gal that would rather have a positive experience instead.\n\nI wanted to like this place, I really did. I'll keep going back when I can during office meetings, hoping to keep getting good experiences. I want everyone reading this to try it for themselves and continue to support local - but for me, I'll go with tried and true corporate coffee instead for the majority of my latte purchases.
I had the rice bowl with pork during a quick one hour layover. The pork was lean and had decent spice, the onions and peppers were fresh, and the rice was spicy and fresh. The meal came with hot thin tortillas and was a better meal than I expected from a food court stand in an airport. If you eat here though eat this in the airport not on the plane, your seatmates really don't want to smell a Mexican lunch on a cross country flight!
The labyrinth came to Phoenix.  Ikea has very good location planning.  They put their only store in Arizona in the largest city, but on the southern part of the largest city, making it accessible to the Tucson inhabitants.\n\nIkea's are wonderful places to get inexpensive furniture.  Or just to kill a couple hours.  Their giant store is two levels.  Most of the furniture you have to assemble at home and once you do, you can't move it because it'll break, but it's great regardless and this self assembly keeps prices low.  Some things also require you to finish the wood yourself.\n\nIf everyone shopping at Ikea the way I do, Ikea would be out of business for sure.  I love to walk around the upstairs showroom and gawk at the Ikea living rooms and bathrooms, but I would never buy Ikea furniture with an intended long term use.  I always pick up things at the marketplace, which is a dedicated area on the lower floor for smaller items, like ice trays, pots for plants, photo frames, clocks, pillows, small kitchen items (like ice cream scoops and cheese graters), etc.  Wonderful little items for cheap.\n\nThere are no non-self-checkouts.  You must be savvy to pay for things here.  It can be tricky, the tags on some items are tiny and hard to scan.
I ate here a couple of years ago and fortunately I had some friends who got there early and I only had to wait an hour. An hour for me is like three hours. If I go to a restaurant and the wait is 30 minutes I'll go somewhere else. When I am hungry I want to eat right away! But I heard amazing things about Pizzeria Bianco so I had to try it out. I think the atmosphere was cute. It was my first time eating in a restaurant that used to be a house so I thought that was really cool. When I tried the pizza I wasn't blown away but it was good. At least I can say I've been to Bianco but I am not sure I would go back considering Cibo is right down the street and serves the same kind of pizza without the torture.
"""I guess if I had never enjoyed GOOD cajun food *cough* Baseline/Price *cough* previously, or never enjoyed it at all, this place would get 3.5 stars, maybe 4, but that world does not exist for me in this current plane of reality.  Really, this is 2.5 stars, but there is no way to give a 1/2 star.\n\nGumbo was meh.  Decent taste but the rue was not fantastic and frankly kind of oily.  Red Beans and Rice were boooooring and the only thing that saved it was the sausage.  Potato salad was also meh and didn't leave any great impression.  \n\nPrice was on par with other cajun spots.  If you think this is excellent cajun food, well, \shame on you\"""".  :D"""""""
"""Very good food after a long, long wait for a table at 9:00am last Sunday morning.  Perhaps I ordered the wrong items, but as a diabetic I didn't take the chance on a whole stack o'pancakes, which looked great on others' plates. Instead I ordered the \bacon waffle\"""" [yeah, call me a health nut] which was described as having bacon in the batter.  Mine had a strip crumbled on top, but if bacon was also hidden in the waffle I couldn't find it. \nA few last thoughts:  My friend said his cinnamon bread french toast was a-ok. Service was fast, if not cheerful (reminded me of my civil service co-workers); they had a decent sugar-free syrup for me (yay!) and the decor was great.  \nWould definately go back and give it another go ... loved the flying pancake mural in the waiting area and the waffle light fixtures ... but I may just stick to JP Pancake instead ..."""""""
Checked out Agave this past weekend with friends that live in the area. They hadn't been there in a while so we off we went. We were seated right away and checked out the menu. Our friends remarked that it looked like the menu had been slightly revamped.  We started with the Sonoran Rolls (tortillas with grilled fish, avocado and pico de gallo) and the Fried Camarones (battered shrimp).  The shrimp was so fried, it was tough to bite into. The Sonoran Rolls were better but nothing to write home about.  They just weren't very flavorful.  \nI had the spinach enchiladas which were pretty good.  I'm kind of a wimp when it comes to hot foot and the red chili sauce wasn't spicy at all. That worked for me, but might not for someone who likes a little kick.\nWe finished off with the fried ice cream which was just like the shrimp, much too fried and difficult to eat. Our friends noted that the quality of food had definitely changed since their last visit.  The positive is that the wait staff were prompt and attentive.  The food wasn't horrible, just really underwhelming.
I made it to China King at 2:40 pm on a Sunday and I called ahead expressing a desire to have a late Dim Sum lunch. However, once we arrived they only had a five items to try. I was bummed, but I will make sure I go early next time so I can here what everyone raves about. My average Singapore vermicelli was a poor substitute, but I will arrive earlier next week so I don't interrupt staff meal. That seemed to be the focus when we there, as service was neglectful and quite indifferent.\n\nAlso, I found a hair in my food, but why complain when they really don't care if you're there or not.
I ordered the Caesar Chicken wrap expecting a Caesar type salad in a wrap, what I got was diced chicken with iceberge lettuce and very little Caesar dressing, no parmasean cheese, no romaine or other greens or veggies, just iceberg lettuce. Very pricey for this simple wrap, close to 8 bucks. My daughter ordered a burger & fries from the burger place two doors down, it was a much better choice.\n\nI've never tried their subs, so I can't rate the subs.
"""I was refraining because I usually end up here just for HH or drinks.  But, this particular occasion brought me here during \lunch\"""" and the service we received was just superb!  In fact it was SOOOO splendid, that paying the $5/beer for a $1/beer retail, well, I didn't care!\n\nNot all of my adventures to this dwelling have been so, or cheap, but this time in particular is why I am choosing to give 3 stars...\n\n\nDammit, why didn't I get her name...?"""""""
"""Went here yesterday during the farmer's market. They had a very friendly guy at their booth that said they were doing FREE wine tastings in their store. Since Thanksgiving is coming up, they are premiering their \Thanksgiving\"""" wines. \n\nMy mom and I went in and sat at an open table. The store is small, but they have a decent selection of wines. \n\nThe free tasting included a champagne and 3 different wines (riesling, pinot noir, and some french red). The sommelier (not sure if that was her \""""true\"""" label) served us nice little portions of each wine. However, she skipped one and when we asked about it at the end, she almost had an attitude as if we were lying that she didn't serve it to us. She did appologize, but she almost insisted that she did serve us the wine.. Kind of turned me off.\n\nI also noticed that she wasn't explaining what the wines would pair well with and why they were \""""Thanksgiving\"""" wines.. I did overhear her doing this to the other tables, so I don't know why we weren't given the same service. I understand it was a free tasting, but the whole point of doing that is to market not only the wines, but your shops quality of service, too. For me, they missed the mark.\n\nThe wines were very good, however, and we did end up purchasing the Pinot Noir for our upcoming Thanksgiving dinner. My mom and I have been wanting to do a true wine tasting and pairing, but I don't think we will come here to do it."""""""
"""The restaurant reminds me of a quaint little countryside caf\u00e9.   It gives me that homey feeling like a mom and pop store instead of the chain restaurant that it is. I like how whatever entr\u00e9e you order from the menu; you can get a complete meal from it.  Each entr\u00e9e comes with a drink, bread, soup or salad, and their spumoni ice cream for dessert.  However, if you want \Italian\"""" food, you're not going to get it here.  It's a very Americanized version of Italian food.  They do have all the classics: the pastas, lasagnas, etc.  I've been here several times and tried a few of their dishes.\n\nSpaghetti Vesuvius:  cute name to start off.  Spicy chicken sausage and meatballs with mushroom.  I didn't think it was that spicy, but it was extra salty.  It's a very flavorful dish, however the individual tastes are all mushed together.  The noodles are a bit tough for me; perhaps undercooked.  However some people like it a bit tough.  \n\nGourmet Jumbo Crab Ravioli:  There's not a lot of ravioli pieces in the dish.  The edges that were not covered in the pesto alfredo sauce was dry.  I did like that they used fresh crab meat in the ravioli.  The creamy sauce was not bad and it wasn't too overpowering in my mouth.  It was able to taste pesto sauce and still enjoy the texture of the crab.  \n\nBaked Lasagna:  This is the best of the 3 I've had.  It has 4 kinds of cheese, ground beef, and pork.  First of all they gave you a huge piece of lasagna. Then they topped it with mounds of marinara sauce.  You may have to remove some of the sauce if it's too much for you.  The noodles were cooked tender enough for my taste, but it was still able to hold its shape.  And the meat was blended well with all the flavors of the dish.  \n\nI do like the cute little serving they have of the spumoni ice cream.  It's a great blend of pistachio, chocolate and strawberry.  And it's just the right amount after a large meal.  Maybe one of these days I'll go back just to try their chocolate desserts.  \n\nIf you like an American spin on Italian food, then you would like this place.  It's a convenient place to eat after shopping at the mall and their quick service is great if you're crunched for time.  But the food is just average and not that special."""""""
"""This review is for the JCPenny portrait studio responsible for the \Christmas Blessings\"""" Christmas card that graced my family's and co-worker's mailboxes this past holiday season. \n\n    My girlfriend and I were going for a \""""Step Brothers\"""" pose so we had to look the part. I guess the look won't be in any Vogue or GQ magazine this year. No, you'll have to go back to the time when Circus Magazine was popular and when mom and dad went to key parties. \n    \n    Our photographer was wonderful. She seemed to enjoy her job and have fun with client's ideas. However the person who helped us pick out which cards to choose was not having any of it. If you looked up awkward in the dictionary and smacked them upside the head that's what it felt like. Her sheer agony of working there oozed out from her forced smile. \n\n   Anyways, I'll just say that I am damn happy I had a coupon for a $30 package which included two 8x10s of different poses and a whompin' helping of greeting cards. A package that retails at about $170. \n\n   And no, even if you pay that price,  a happy ending is not included."""""""
This is a tough one for me...my husband loves this place, I hate this place.\n\nHe raves about the fish and shrimp tacos, especially the blackened fish - those are his favorites.\n\nI tried the beef taco and chile relleno.  Completely flavorless beef that I am convinced had been a hamburger right up until I ordered the taco - it was in big gray chunks.  Relleno was so loaded with seeds I couldn't eat it and it ended up in the garbage.\n\nI will give it another try at some point because he likes the tacos so much.  Pretty cheap too.
We came here for a business dinner on a weeknight.  Everyone in the group went for the three-course meal for $25.  The wine list is pretty good, with a lot of choice by the glass.  If you order wine by the glass, they will bring it out in a mini-carafe, and you'll get more like 8 oz than the usual 5 oz or 6 oz, which turns into more like two glasses of wine.  I had a nice Opolo Vineyards Zinfandel that worked well with the appetizer and main course.  I started with the tortilla soup, which was fine but not very complex, and could have used something to brighten up the flavors.  The pork carnitas was the best food I had that night.  The portion size was incredibly large.  It could easily feed two.  The custard of the cr\u00e8me br\u00fbl\u00e9e was underwhelming somehow.  The service was good.
Lovely decor, good location, celebrity tie-in ... and food that left me wishing I had ordered something different. Out of our party of four, two of us ordered mediocre dishes -- the vegetarian chile relleno and the chicken mole casserole. But the two other dishes were fine -- spinach and mango salad and chicken enchiladas suiza. The chunky salsa was also quite good, especially for those of us who've deprived ourselves of tomatoes recently. Let this be a lesson to you (and me): read reviews on Yelp for recommendations on a new restaurant's best dishes before you go. Also, a note to our server: when a customer says his dish is just OK, then DOH! -- follow up by asking how it could be better. This is especially necessary at a new place.
If you look at the front, it doesn't look like a very appetizing place to eat, but my grandma dragged me in because she wanted Mexican food, and I guess I shouldn't judge books by their covers...to a certain point.  The inside was okay, just rows of booths. I have a thing about dirty places, so I think it should have been cleaner. I didn't dare go into the bathrooms.  We were two of about five people in there. Service was pretty good. I got the guacamole tostada lunch special with rice and beans. It was sooo good. My grandma got a chicken burrito which was good too. Their chips and salsa were BOMB.
"""Opening night at Big Earl's! \n\nThey were busy right at opening, looks like old town needed a BBQ joint!\n\nI know there's much debate about what constitutes \real\"""" BBQ - IMHO there are many \""""real\"""" BBQs. A wide range of cooking styles, rubs, sauces, textures, flavors, etc. The point being no one BBQ can hope to please everybody. With that in mind, Big Earl's has a definite \""""style\"""".\n\n1) All the sauces are slightly spicy. There are no sweet or tangy sauces here. Indeed, the Ghost Chile sauce is awesome hot!\n2) All the sauces are smoky. If you don't like your BBQ to be slightly \""""metallic\"""" (i.e. like an iron skillet), this won't work for you.\n\nThat said I encourage you to give Big Earl's a try and decide for yourself!\n\nThe staff was friendly and knowledgeable, better than I expected for an opening night. Prompt drink refills in a nice canning jar glass. I'm a little annoyed with the guy who kept stealing my dirty napkins. They could have absorbed a little more sauce!\n\nApps: Just me tonight so I only sampled two, the fried pickles and the Big Earl's Challenge wings. The pickles were indescribably awesome, I couldn't stop eating them! Seemed to taste both dill and slightly sweet (like a cinnamon sugar) and wonderfully crunchy in their light breading/batter.\n\nThe wings were covered in the Big Earl's Ghost Chile sauce - good hot! The heat doesn't grab you right up front but builds to a nice burn after a few wings. Oddly, the sauce seemed to make the skin on the wings slippery - so watch out for flying wings!\n\nThe brisket was awesome! Sure to be a tough competitor in this year's brisket throw down. The pulled pork was tender and juicy, can't wait to try it in a sandwich. The pork ribs were a little dry for me, but nothing a little extra sauce didn't cure :-)\n\nI had sides of mac 'n cheese and homemade fries. Both worth having again. Although you need to eat the mac 'n cheese first because it cools quickly and loses some of its creamy goodness.\n\nI ordered a banana pudding for desert which I took home to share with my wife. I have no idea how it tastes because she didn't share."""""""
This dog park is the closest to my house so the easy choice for letting my pups go out for a play date. \n\nWe used to frequent this dog park all the time, mainly because of location, but have since stopped going. There are two runs, one open at a time. They are fairly sizable so have a good amount of space for prancing and running but the grass is sub-par. There is no agility equipment here just open space and a picnic table or two. Nothing special.\n\nStandard dog park complaints... people not watching their dog for bad behavior, not picking up poop, letting their kids use the dog park as a playground, etc. In the end we stopped going here because a young couple brought their pit bull here that didn't care for my dog. They weren't paying attention to their dog and it ended up biting my hand when we tried to leave.
Really surprised how average this place was with all the excellent reviews on here. My wife and I went for lunch, small menu, but it was lunch. Liked the atmosphere, it was in a little strip mall, but didn't feel like it when you entered. The host/bar tender/waitress (she did all 3) was very friendly with good service. The downside was the food. It was very average at best. I ordered a seafood past dish and it was just ok. The bread was really good. \n\nThe food was not bad, don't get me wrong. I may try again just to see if it was what I ordered. Very average.
I still think that this place is a glorified cheesecake factory (because it is) BUT I have been here a few times since my last review and must say that a lot of their food really is tasty (much tastier than cheesecake factory), so I have to give them that. I went for lunch yesterday with my mom and I got the pasta and salad (like I do) and their salad is just super flavorful...I love their dressing. The pasta is good, nothing super special, but good and enough for two meals. My mom got the pastrami sliders...I don't like pastrami usually, but these were actually good and she loved them. Additionally, I have been to the one in Vegas and all of the food there was good too like the jambalaya...really tasty. So definitely a good place to get lunch...I still stand by my thought that dinner is too expensive and I would like the option to get a small portion for less money (3 chicken breasts per plate....who could eat that?).
Sunflower Market gets high marks for having fairly competitive prices vis-a-vis Whole Foods, high quality products (especially produce and meat), good hours (they're open until 11 which is nice), and an excellent selection of bulk foods.\n\nOn the down side, they don't have a particularly good selection in a lot of areas (poor cheese selection for one).  Plus, they somehow always seem to not have one thing I need every time I come here.  I have no idea how many times I've stopped by, grabbed two things I've needed for a recipe, turned around to grab the third, realize they don't have it, then put everything back and just go to Whole Foods (sweetened coconut flakes most recently).\n\nAll in all, Sunflower is solid, but they need a better selection in my opinion.  Still, for many everyday items, they're not a bad stop.  If you need less common items (and even some fairly common ones), Whole Foods is a better bet.
"""Saturday night, no reservation, my choice was to wait 45 minutes for a table or take a table in the bar.  I opted for the bar.  I should have waited or went somewhere else.\n\nI had eaten at Roy's in Philadelphia, which was an awesome experience.  I expected that same in Scottsdale.  Didn't happen.\n\nI started out with my favorite drink, an Original Hawaiian Martini.  They are not cheap with the alcohol in the drink, it's very potent.  For dinner, I opted for choices on the Prix Fix menu.  My starter was a Hawaiian Crunch Winter roll.  It was great, made with shrimp tempura and avocado.  For my entree, I selected the Panang-style tiger shrimp with vegetable coconut curry and jasmine rice.  Very good combination of flavors, but could have been served a little warmer.  Dessert was the always awesome \Roy's Melting Hot Chocolate Souffle\"""".  This dessert is always to die for.  It's the best  dessert I have ever had anywhere!!\n\nOther than the slightly cold entree, the thing that amazed me about this restaurant was the fact that the staff didn't intercede when a nearby customer managed to annoy me all evening long.  This guy was in the restaurant bar, supposedly waiting for his brother.  Well, I was there for over an hour and the brother never showed up.  Go figure.  But, in the meantime, this guy managed to annoy me, tell me strange stories, sit at my table (until I asked him to leave), go back to this table, remove papers from his bag, bring them back to my table and spread them out, (until I asked him to leave again), used my cell phone to call his brother, mother, sister, god knows who else.  But at least while he was on my cell phone, he wasn't bothering me.  He even begged me for a ride and helped himself to some of my food.  You get the picture.  I can not believe that the staff allowed this to happen.  It's outrageous.  Other customers noticed, I guess I should have demanded to speak to a manager to have situation resolved, but I didn't want to make a scene.  I couldn't believe it was happening or that is was allowed to happen!!!  I even had to sneak out a side door when this nut wasn't looking, so he wouldn't follow me.  Completely nuts.  I think a restaurant of this caliber has an obligation to protect it's customers."""""""
Given our family's different vision and health-care plans, we have use Pearle and have found they do a very trustworthy and capable job.\n\nOur eyes are one of those areas where you don't want to skimp.  Yes, they offer discounts, coupons, etc -- but it's not like day old sushi.  They have a wide selection, the eye doctors seem very competent and your glasses or contacts are ready in a few days, or sooner if they are in stock.\n\nUltimately, the price you pay depends upon your company's health plan and coverage, but we have been very happy.
What happened to this place? A few years ago right after I turned 21 a few of my friends took me to this place, it was awesome, loads of people, good music and two for one drinks. I though it was the best place ever. I even went on a Thursday night and the place was packed. Now, it's like it died. I came back to AZ during Pride weekend and decided to hit up some clubs with a few friends. I had heard that the Biz had a name change and was not really what it used to be, but, we decided to go here on the Friday night before Pride thinking it would be full of people, wrong.  We got there around 11:30, saw the almost empty parking lot and decided to go to the E-Lounge instead, or not since it apparently has closed. So we headed back to Club Vibe as it's now called and by this time it was almost midnight. Once inside there was maybe 30 people in the place including the staff. The music was pretty good, the new dance floor was shiny and the drinks were ok, but they really pissed us off when they kept calling last call. So of course we were running to the bar to get a fresh drink then trying to go on the dance floor, being told we weren't allowed to bring drinks on the floor, chugging the drinks and then repeating for 45 minutes. It probably explain why there was like only 5 other people on the dance floor. Maybe it's the name change, maybe it's the scene, I'm not sure, but I really hope the next time I visit my hometown, this place will have fixed its problems and become an awesome place again.
Honey Bears and I are certainly friends, though not BFFs 4EVER.  It's more of a loose, friendly acquaintanceship.  I will probably not be asked to join her wedding party or any other major event in her life.  We get together, have a nice meal, then part ways again until the next time I happen to think about her and happen to be in the neighborhood.\n\nThe food is decent, hearty, and if you like a sweet-spicy barbecue sauce (I do), you're well off.  The sauce is great, however the meat just doesn't do the trick.\n\nA wavering 3.5.  If there was something decently leafy on the menu, it would be at a steady four.  Salads are offered, but you get a few pieces of iceberg lettuce and that just doesn't  count.  The other saving grace for this location are the fries.
Ah, Lucille, Lucille...\n\nI'm not southern. I've only driven through the south once and I'm no BBQ connoisseur. But I know okey-pokey food when I taste it. Here is another one of my stories where my first visit or two were better than the most recent. Don't chain restaurants know they have to keep up the high standards to have a lasting chain?...The first few visits, around the time of its opening, the meal was great! I found the catfish burger to be my favorite at the time, but still wish it had a deal of a bit more flavor or seasoning, its quite bland. I love the fried okra, they don't burn it like my mother, so I'm happy. Had fried green tomatoes for the first time ever here and they were pretty good. But when I ordered a po'boy during my last visit was even bland-er than the catfish burger and was mostly bread. And my friends I was dining with that afternoon didn't really care for their dishes either, especially with the cost.\n\nOn a happier note, who doesn't love being served a drink out of a mason jar! Who knows, maybe you'll like the place...don't knock it until you try it, and if its a sub-par experience for you too, I'm sorry your money was wasted.
I've heard a ton of good things about My Florist and have been meaning to try it out for a long time now. My wife has been and enjoyed it for lunch so we decided to have a late dinner there last night. Was basically empty on a Tuesday at 9pm so that kind of sucked as far as the atmosphere went. The decor is really nice and on most nights (not Mon/Tues) they have someone playing the grand piano that sits off to the side of the dining room.\n\nWe both started with a martini, both were excellent. We ordered the cheese plate with two cheeses. As far as the cheese goes there wasn't a lot of it, but this was made up for by the rest of the plate. It was amazing. Perfect strawberries and grapes. Some candied walnuts, a jalapeno/cranberry spread that was unexpectedly good, and a pesto butter I really enjoyed. If we came on a busier night and ended things right here, I think i would have given My Florist 4 stars.\n\nUnfortunately we ordered dinner. I had the crab cake salad and thought it was pretty good, nothing special. Crab cakes were a little fishy imo but good. My wife had a chicken salad. It was pretty standard but she was really unimpressed with the chicken in it. She's a big believer in making a chicken salad where the chicken really stands on its own. This was just standard chicken breast with no flavor sliced up and thrown in the salad. She did say however that they were very generous with the roasted red peppers which almost made up for the bad chicken.\n\nThe service was friendly and solid, although it took them a while to realize we were done with our appetizer and hadn't ordered dinner yet, but the salads came out very quickly. I'd happily go back, but with all the other good options so close I probably won't choose to go back if the choice is left up to me.\n\nHappy eating!
"""There's something oddly charming about this place. My 2nd experience happened this past weekend - Sunday breakfast at 10 a.m. As I pulled up in my car, I could tell the place was quite popular. I sensed a wait list. I walked in, put down my name and took a seat outside on of their benches. The wait wasn't long - perhaps 5 minutes - and I was shortly shown to my table for two. Few minutes later, my Breakest Buddy showed up. We had concluded to call this \brunch\"""" since it was a compromise between breakfast and lunch time. In any case, breakfast foods were on the mind and my belly was ready. \n\nCoffee first, please. \n\nThe waitress, you could tell, was rather busy. I didn't mind that, but I did mind her spilling my coffee each time she poured more. Her rush wasn't coupled with friendly pauses, and I felt like I was more of an inconvenience than a patron. In any case, we ordered \""""brunch\"""" and chatted it up. It's not every day I roll out of bed before 10 a.m. on the weekend. This was a special occassion; one well worth it. But, sadly, not because of the breakfast. \n\nThe eggs were rubbery and the muffin was hard to swallow without honey. The cottage cheese was good, but how can you screw up that? Yes, I ordered the Hot Body Breakfast. So sue me. My friend ordered panckakes with eggs and bacon. Only half was eaten. \n\nYou know, there's something oddly charming about this place. It's a warm cafe, reminiscient of a small town mom & pop establishment. It probably is, and the fact that it's thrown near ASU makes it the preferred after-hang over joint. I can see how rubbery eggs and greasy pork would suit one's belly after a booze fest. But, it's not ideal for the belly without a drop of liquor coating the stomach lining. \n\nI used the bathroom, too. Talk about a tiny walkway stuffed with clutter, like high chairs and cordless vacuums. Again, it's charming in a home-for-breakfast kind of way. \n\nIt almost reminds me of Shortcakes. Almost, although Shortcakes is in a train car and has, let's face it, the best after bar and in-the-mood-for-cheap-food appeal. Sadly, it's back near OSU in Stillwater. I miss Shortcakes. \n\nHarlow's wasn't memorable to me. That's probably why I've only been here twice in my life.\n\nSidebar: I wouldn't call this place \""""cheap.\"""" With plates averaging around 8-10$, that's quite the purse punch that should be met with some delicious raves and reviews. Sadly, to me, it's not worth the moolah."""""""
We came here for a networking event last week. The crowd (or crowding, as it were) was akin to that of a happy hour or pregame crowd. We felt squished. \n\nThe tap selection is basic, although having the Sam Adams seasonal always makes me like a place. We got to smaple some small bites of some new apps theyre working on which were good. Braised beef pappadeaux. Thats all Im saying.\n\nI may come here again, but only if its not super crowded.
"""OK, having read the hot/cold reviews on Sapna and having a free Sunday to spend with my sweet baboo...off we went. \n\nFirst of all...service issues listed in prior reviews are mostly true. This is not a \get 'em in, get 'em out\"""" kind of place, so we didn't see our waiter that often. I was prepared for a slow experience, so it didn't bother me...much. That said, I do want a cup of coffee more frequently than every 20 minutes. Our server mentioned that a fresh pot was being brewed, so I understood the delay for the first cup. When he came out of the kitchen and refreshed all the cups at the other table, I was already itchin' for my second cup...DENIED! Didn't even come near our table to check on our caffeine level 8(\n\nWe both ordered brunch specials. I had the much bally-hooed pumpkin pancakes, which didn't taste all that pumpkin-y. I haven't yet decided if that is good or bad. The cream cheese/walnut topping was awesome and they were not skimpy with it. The pancakes were moist and delish. The leftovers (which didn't really fit into the chinese leftover box I was given) will be wonderful tomorrow a.m., I'm sure!\n\nHubby had a baked breakfast casserole. It smelled delish and he claims it was wonderful. It had spinach, chorizo, egg, tomato and cheese (and other stuff i'm sure) and was baked. It looked a bit runny, but after mixing it all together and slathering it on top of the home fries (which he claimed were good), it lost its runny appearance. Go figure!\n\nI felt that the room could have used some sound deadening, as the group at the other table was a bit loud, but the front door was open and the street noise was non-existent. Cute atmosphere...all IKEA, all the time!\n\nOur check was exactly $20 without tip/tax, so I felt like it was a successful outing. Great weather, great food, good (if not slow) service. \n\nI look forward to a return visit to try other menu items, as many looked like stuff right up my alley!"""""""
"""So we finally decided to eat dinner here. I've been dying for a great steak or pork chop, so I had my radar aimed dead at the \wood fired bone-in pork chop with polenta and grain mustard sauce\"""". Wifey ordered this salad and some polenta, and my daughter had the cheese pizza (kids meals are free here, which is awesome). We started with the baked goat cheese app that everbody raves about. It was good, but the crostini were hard as rocks and I didn't get the goat cheese taste I look for when I eat goat cheese, but it was still a good app. Wifey wasn't crazy about her salad, it was a market salad with asparagus and some other stuff. looked boring. My chop came out and looked soooo great, however.....it was just okay. I didn't get the wood fired taste in the chop, not at all. It was a bit overcooked and somewhat tough. The polenta was perfect and I really liked the mustard sauce, but the star of the show (the chop) was a disappointment. Will I go back? Yeah, I'll give it another shot. I like the restaurant and the service was good. I hope next time my food's better though, or I'll have to toss this place into the :\""""let's just go for a glass of wine\"""" folder"""""""
I went here today on a Sunday afternoon and there were five people working out.  I like that. What I don't like are old machines. Well, this has a mix of new and old treadmills. Like, HELLA old...from the 90s, but there are a lot of more up-to-date than old...except for the ellipticals. They fall in-between...if that makes sense. I was too lazy to see the rest of the place so I really don't know how the weights were set up and how clean the bathrooms are. \n\nOoh! I didn't know this, but as I turned to go inside the Bally plaza, I looked left and there was the Fiesta Mall and a big Target that I'll review some other day.
Love this candy & would give it 5 stars but it seems sees candies are too cheap to buy plastic gloves for their employees to wear when handling & packing the candy in the box.\n\nContacted sees & they said the using plastic paper is cleaner to pick & place candy in the boxes.\n\nWell it would be impossible that employees hands would not inadvertently touch the candy with some part of their fingers or hand especially when they are digging into drawers of candy.\n\nAlot of places who handle food like subway or fast food co's use gloves that cover the entire hand.\n\nAnd then what is REALLY DISGUSTING is the employees picks up & packs the candy in the box & then boxes up the candy & then goes to the register & handles the filthy money the customer gives them & then goes back to picking & packing the candy.\n\nI have seen this happen at every store in Mesa, Phx & Glendale in Az. & it happens everytime I have ever been there.\n\nAnd what happens is the employee has 2  small wads of tissues that they  crumpled up tissue touching the candy papers & candies this way.\n\nI have even seen an employee sweep the floor with a broom & then go handle the candy etc.\n\nWithout the hand being totally covered in a glove it is impossible to maintain the cleanliness with the candy.\n\nI find this to be extremely GROSS & I wrote sees & they said their managers would call me about it but they never did.\n\nFurthermore they don't even have a sink inside the actual store( but one could be in the back where their stock is kept)  to wash their hands but you know people scratch their nose, face & cough, sneeze etc.
"""All BoSa's look pretty identical. An older interior (whoever owns these seems to buy older places and keep them that way) and Asian employees just like almost every other BoSa I've been to.\n\nMatthew D. is spot on with his remark in that they seem to be out of many things at the same time. How you run out of stuff for doughnuts when it's your only product is beyond me. They sure are tasty though, especially the ones with the pink dough (such as the strawberry, my personal favorite.) \n\nNow, if you're looking for a \fancy\"""" doughnut or something out of the ordinary, BoSa may not be the place. No Maple and Bacon flavored doughnut here. They serve soft drinks as well, which I didn't have."""""""
Went here with a friend for dim sum.  Since leaving Nor. Cal. I've been craving dim sum, and after seeing all the yelp reviews, thought it was worth a try.\n\nIt was OK.  That's sort of the most I can say.  The selection was decent. We had shrimp noodles, which were well seasoned and had good texture, but the pork dumplings, steamed pork buns, and egg rolls were relatively bland. The sticky rice in banana leaf was just okay too - it had three different kinds of meat, all of which were seasoned differently. There were no vegetables available during the week, except if ordered from the menu.  I would have liked a better selection of dim sum choices.\n\nThat being said, the wait staff was very friendly and not pushy at all - though if you aren't good at saying no, I can see where you might end up with more dim sum than you can eat.  The prices were very reasonable.
"""Would have got a 4-stars / maybe 5 as the coffee is super tasty, but the staff is slow and think they are too cool for school. FYI -really, you're not... leave the cool bit to the architects who created the space or Matt for actually putting the concept together. \n\nThis 3 star issue... when I arrived this last sat on a very slow morning... two people were working the bar:  I ordered 2 drinks, repeat 2 drinks... and it took him 15 minutes to make a iced chai and iced honey latte... reasons?! Not sure as there was no one in front of me or behind me. But there was a female draped on the outside counter talking to the male barista making my drinks talking about total bs. \n\nI'm watching this...thinking really?! I waited patiently, I'm thinking now he forgot?! ... So I asked him, are you still working on the drinks? ...as both baristas were just standing there... he told me one minute and then proceeded to finally place the drinks on the bar with major snark and patronized me by say \go go go\"""". NOT COOL, \""""dude\""""!\n\nI get it, sometimes things happen to take longer or whatnot, so you make sure to be friendly to your customers, say thanks or possibly smile maybe?!?! Not the case here. \n\n3 GIANT stars as i did not appreciate the \""""dude\"""" with the slicked backed hair and his \""""tude\"""" . So Matt, if you check your reviews... you should let your staff know (esp luke perry), that it's not cool to be rude and that most people don't appreciate it nor will they tip or come back for that matter."""""""
This restaurant just moved into my neighborhood. I like to support mom and pop shops. The menu and style of food reminded me of Pei Wei's, but just a little more authentic. They serve the more popular dishes from various Asian countries (Pad Thai, beef broccoli, orange chicken,  teriaki chicken, etc.).  I've tried at least one dish from each country and they were alright. You get a good portion size. As for price, it's slightly above average. The service is great, and food comes out fast. The restaurant space is small, so it's not great for large parties. One of the owners is always present, and works hard. I'll eat here on occasion.
"""I used to be a hardcore Mamma Mia groupie, now I'm just sort of lukewarm and meh about the place. \n\nThe wings have always sucked with a weird cloying sweetness that shouldn't be present in a vinegar dominant sauce, and they're always soggy, which is kind of a big bummer. But it's the pizza that's the big star here and I don't know if it's just me but it seems like there's been a slow but noticeable decline in its quality. Less toppings, burnt crust more often than not, cheese that seems to congeal in the five minutes it takes to go from box to mouth. They used to have a lot more hot sandwich and a drink specials too. Chicken parm, cordon bleu, meatball subs, all delicious! Just not offered with as much regularity or in as plentiful a portion as they used to be. \n\nPlus, and this might be a personal beef, but the drink that came with the two slices special has been scaled back to a much smaller cup. Have the extra couple gulps of soda per transaction really translated to that much of an increase in syrup costs? Is an extra six ounces of drink really hurting business?\n\nOne last point and I'll end this sigh-inducing session. The service at Mamma Mia's is really pretty crappy now. Granted it was never the friendliest pizza joint (I seriously don't get the love expressed in all these reviews, as I've never seen it), but I'm just as happy with a terse and professional transaction as I am a chatty one. Now I'm lucky to get so much as acknowledgment upon approaching the counter. Usually just a blank stare from the cashier as they wait for you to speak up, followed by the price of whatever you wanted. No \Thanks.\"""" No \""""It'll be just a minute.\"""" Nada. I'm pretty sure that the scowls on the counter gals are fast becoming fixed.\n\nDon't get me wrong, I'm still going to stop by for a quick couple of slices now and then. I just don't get as excited as I used to. I used to be a super groupie! Mamma Mia! Sad days."""""""
i know everyone LOVES this place, and i feel like i should too, nay i WANT to love it, but i just don't. the food nor the atmosphere is definitely not worth the wait - and there is always a wait. living down the street, i would drive by this place sometimes 10 times a day, morning, noon and night, all days of the week, and there are always people waiting out front - crazy!\n\ni think the atmosphere is kind of cheesy - fake vintage posters and cans of funny looking tomato sauce piled on shelves - and reminds me of a disneyland type of joint.\n\nthe food is ok, not amazing. but for the price it's fine, i just can't justify waiting that long for it, i guess.\n\ni like the part inside, part outside thing they got going on.\n\nsometimes i'll pop in the bar for a glass of wine late, but i'm just not that stricken by this place like the rest of the world is.... oh well.
"""I went to CMB Salon and Spa last week for a cut and color. The experience was alright but there were some MAJOR bumps in the road. \nPROS:\n+Welcoming front desk staff \n+The stylist discussed my expectations and concerns about the color/color.\n+The products used had a very natural feel.\n\n\nCONS:\n-Under staffed salon: My stylist was preoccupied with another appointment while my color was drying off because of which she abandoned me for almost an hour.My hair is medium length but it still took her 4.5 hours to finish my cut+color.\n-Constantly disturbed by the gossiping front desk and stylists. \n-Don't seem to have experienced the \Aveda\"""" feel/concept besides the 2 min long hand massage.\n-Uneven tones in my hair: The end result was definitely NOT what had been described to me but was managable."""""""
"""The bread they serve here prior to dinner is some of the best I've ever had.  The perfect combination of garlic, olive oil and tomatoes. Food is very tasty, and the daily specials are always right on the money.  I'd give this place 4 stars, but the ambiance is terrible.\n\n4 star food\n-1 star ambiance\n\n3 stars!\n\nNote: if you can wait to eat until around 7pm, most of the \early bird specials\"""" have cleared out, and it will be much less busy.  Coming at 4:30 or 5:00?  Be prepared to wait behind your grandparents..."""""""
"""The first trip here was good enough so that we came back again, but after two tries, there probably will be no more.  The big problem is that many of the dishes are just ok.  For example, the duck was not crispy.  Everything lacked flavor.  The prices are low for some items, and so maybe this should be forgiven, but it has the ambiance and attitude of a \special outing\"""" restaurant, and the food needs to live up to that.  Otherwise, like us, you just can't help feeling unsatisfied."""""""
"""The atmosphere of Old Pueblo Cafe makes you feel like you are crowded into a \old Pueblo\"""" which some may like but I felt was a little cramped. The food in my opinion was catered to the nice next door hotel and not towards those seeking truly authentic Mexican food. The price point is a bit high though the service is exceptionable. The salsa is great like the other reviews said but I honestly don't know if that was enough to earn repeat business. The combo plates are good but the rice and beans need some life, because they seem to be stuck in dryville. I think more tex-mex style consumers would enjoy this place to it's fullest so I'll rate it A-ok for them."""""""
I love coming here to hang out, visit, do work and people watch.   The quiche is amazing.  The coffee is great.  I have recommended Lux to everyone who will listen.  I am disappointed in the way I have been treated by the newer female employee manning the cash register the last two times I have been in; she was rude, dismissive and acted like I was inconveniencing her by placing an order.  The owner, Jeff, is so nice and personable--I am really surprised he would tolerate this type of behavior by an employee.  Let's hope he does something about it.
This is a nice little family style restaurant.  Upon  entering it is clean, well decorated, and you are greeting promptly with a smile.  I could tell that this place has a lot of regulars eating their this morning. The waitress all greeted everyone with cheerfulness and some by their names.   \n\nThe portions are huge and the service was fast.  Temp was good and not microwaved.   \n\nMy husband and I both ordered breakfast and my son shared off our plates.   \n\nI ordered the chicken fried steak, country potatoes, and biscuits with gravy,   When served I had two HUGE biscuits that were nice and fluffy. The potatoes my son chowed down I hardly got to taste them they went so quickly, my chicken was big and nicely cooked did not taste like it was frozen.  I was disappointed in the gravy though.  I LOVE gravy and this just did not work for me.  It had not flavor at all and I could taste the flour.  I added a lot of salt and pepper but it was still very bland. So for that I would not order gravy again.  But for the rest of it I was pleased.\n\nMy husband ordered the breakfast steak (medium well) and eggs with hash browns.    The steak was the biggest breakfast steak I have seen in awhile it was lapping over the plate.  It was a disappointment though that the steak was cooked medium rare and not the way we ordered. He ate it anyways but said it lacked flavor.  Hash browns are crispy and brown on the ends and the eggs cooked very well.  \n\nPrices are good for the portions.  I would go back and try it again sometime.
Not thaaaat bad if you're in the area desperate for your Asian grocery fix. \n\nSMELL.. not the greatest, stronger than most Asian food stores, you'll get a good whiff right when you walk in\n\nLOOK'n for something? Good luck finding it! The workers barely speak English and look just as confused as you are when searching for something specific. Why are there three different places for SUGAR?!\n\nTOUCH your cash, not credit cards because they won't take if if your bill's less than $10.\n\nHEAR me out...take your little booty out to Lee Lee's on 75th and Cactus, a much better selection and organized aisles for your Asian needs...
Dim Sum review only***\n\nFood is a 4-star rating, but the location and the decor of the restaurant isn't as pleasant. Located in the corner of the a big strip mall, you can't believe how big the restaurant is from the outside, which has no windows, with a small glass door... There is always a line for dim sum during the peak hour, but definitely worth to wait, if you have an asian friend who knows what to order can tag along, that is even better!\n\nVery good dim sum and cheap price, just don't expect a fancy place. Have fun~
Breakfast is my favorite meal of the day, so I really enjoyed this place.  They have delicious fresh squeezed orange juice which is required for any breakfast, and some excellent pancakes.  I enjoyed the pumpkin french toast quite a bit, but it was really rich, as you can imagine.  The pancakes I tasted blew away what you would normally find at a standard breakfast joint.  The coffee wasn't anything special, but I wasn't expecting anything more than the average there.  The price is a bit high for breakfast, but it's in Snotsdale so most frequent patrons won't notice anyway.  I would come back here again for sure.
Mayonaise makes me gag. I don't care how you prepare it, mix it, twist it, shout it...it grosses me out so bad. people who like/love/don't mind mayo always say things to me like 'try this potato salad, you can't even taste the mayo' and you know what? they are always lying. \n\nanyway, i ordered the turkey club and asked them to hold the honey mustard spread. thankfully there wasn't any mayo so i didn't have to ask them to hold that either. this sandwich has a ton of my faves: tomato, turkey, bacon, cheese, avocado. scrumptious ingredients. \n\nas soon as it's in my car, i can smell mayonaise. i think to myself 'oh, you're crazy, it's your immagination- the description said nothing about mayo' \n\nwell i am crazy, but my nose was right. mayo. on. my. sandwich. \n\nusually i wouldn't flip out but my large sexy dirty chai and sandwich cost me $15. the drink alone was worth the $4 something dollars for several reasons, but the sandwich was gross and totally over priced. the bacon was pretty bad, and i ended up taking off most of the ingredients bc it wasn't very good. i was able to wipe off most of the mayo from the turkey and avocado so i ate that.\n\ni was just so, so sad. \n\nthe customer service is great, the sexy dirty chai is great but the food i will not eat again.
"""Before eating at \That's a Wrap\"""" for the first time, I remember reading a few reviews that mentioned how filling the wraps were. I thought to myself, \""""Ok, but that's probably for someone with a relatively small appetite.\"""" Because, you see, I usually eat \""""American\"""" proportions, so I ordered the Thai wrap with the Lentil Soup.\n\nIt's not that I was eating incredibly fast, but I didn't realize how freaking full I was until about 30 minutes after I was finished with lunch. I was actually uncomfortable from being so full. I would like to emphasize again that this really doesn't happen very often for me. The food was good, nothing crazy-awesome, but good. I just wish I would have eaten A LOT less of it. That wrap could have easily fed two people. If I go again, I'll be splitting the wrap!"""""""
three stars is a little generious but 2 is harsh because the place i wanted to go nextdoor was closed i drifted in here they give you chips and salsa (which was a little more like a bad marinara and half the chips were borderline stale) the women working the bar was pleasant the menu seamed a bit pricey i ended up having a pattymelt which was decent and a few bluemoon in nice frosty mugs.the interior is typical old arizona/western style
"""My friend and I decided to try Technique since Du Jour was booked.  I'm glad that I had an opportunity to try a new school.  I love that this culinary school restaurant actually looks like a restaurant.  \nNow for the food.  We started off with the bread.  Yum!  It was delicious.  Next came the appetizer.  My friend and I ordered the scallop with risotto.  I kind of with now that I had gone with the pork belly.  The scallop was perfectly cooked, but the risotto lacked some flavor. :-(  Then came my main course.  I ordered the chicken dish.  The chicken was so dry.  It was stuffed with something.  I can't remember. what it was supposed to be stuffed with, but when I looked at the chicken, the \stuffing\"""" was the tiny little area in the chicken.  It had no flavor at all.   The whipped potatoes were fine.  I'm not sure why I got the chicken.  So not like me.  Next time I will get the steak.  I tasted my friends dish and it was great!  \nNow for the dessert.  That was the best part of the whole meal!  It was a ginger spice cake with a sour cream ice cream.  Delicious!\nThe whole meal cost only $13 plus tax and tip.  \nI under stand that these are students the are still learning, so you might not have the perfect experience.  But I think that this place is worth a trying over and over again.  If I could give it 3.5 stars, I would."""""""
Freddy's was a pretty decent place for burgers and fries, but they fell a little short of being great for me.  The burgers tasted high quality but they were severely lacking in seasoning.  I loaded it up with salt and a bit of pepper and things were made better.  The fries are shoestring fries so they're nice and crisp.  I really enjoyed them, but again, lacking in seasoning.  Their prices are fair, especially considering the stupid 5 Guys is pretty close to them.  Just to compare, I had a comparable burger here plus fries AND a drink, all for the price of a single patty burger at 5 Guys.  I probably won't come back here mostly just because there are so many other similar places and this just doesn't stand out.
"""Made reservations here for a 8-10 person Girls Night Out. Normally we go to the Arcadia location, but thought we'd try the Central location for a change.\nThe food & wine is the same at both places-EXCELLANT!!\nThe service at the Central location was pathetic! The young female waitress was not very knowledgeable about the wines and acted like she didnt feel like discussing or offering anything other than the wine special. (bad attitude).\nShe was very annoying and persistant about getting our drink order as soon as we sat down and before we could even look at the menu or discuss. We had asked to wait to order until our last guest arrived at the table, but she requested our drink orders 3 times in about 8 minutes, so we finally just ordered a quick glass. She was also pretty good at interrupting the tables conversation throughout the night.\n\nI ordered the olives for an appetizer and by the time my meal came, I still had not received my olives. I mentioned to our server that I had not received my olives, but that it was ok and to just 'skip them'. \nShe looked at me and said,\n  \I brought them!! They are right here!!\"""" as she reached down to the OPPOSITE end of the long table from where I was sitting and gave me a half empty bowl of olives that the other ladies had already eaten. (Not the ladies fault, as they thought they were set on the table for everyone like a bread basket.)\n  I was appalled, especially since the half eaten olives did not come with an apology, they only came with a price tag. (Thats right, she didnt even take it off the bill for me!)\n\nNote to self: The Arcadia location and male wait staff are always on the ball!"""""""
I have been meaning to try this place out for a long time but I've been hesitant because of reviews stating it's over priced. While I agree that the burgers and fries cost way too much I think the burger was delicious and the fries were as well. I never get onions on a burger but since they were grilled I had to give it a try. Yum.\n\nThe fries reminded me of the fries we would have at home when I was living with my parents. We never bought frozen fries and always made our own so Five Guys were spot on. I ordered the small fries but I still couldn't finish them all. Very good though.
Pho Bang is a chain of franchise restuaurants started out of New York City. There are 3 in NYC, 3 in Houston, and one each in Taipei, New Orleans and this one in Phoenix. \n\nIt is old and grungy, and hard to get to with the light rail construction. The prices are dirt cheap, the decor is dirt cheap and the food is un-remarkable. They offer most of the usual Vietnamese dishes, from Goi Cuon appetizers (summer rolls) to Bun (vermicelli), Mi (egg noodles), Com (rice plates) to stir fry chicken, pork, beef; also seafood, some specials and Pho soups (16 different ones).\n\nThe Pho comes in 2 sizes, with most regulars costing only $3.95, and the large costing $4.50. Their large is equivalent to many places' medium, however. The broth is average at best, and all the accroutements are too. \n\nI am not sure how the franchise works (royalties, menus, common logo, etc) but if you want a very cheap meal and you are not a snob or afficianado of Vietnamese food, this places works for a quick filler. They will show Korean Drama DVDs dubbed in Vietnamese on the TV if you ask. They will watch Korean Dramas themselves when it is slow anyway, even if you don't ask! Winter Sonata anyone?\n\nPS - Pho Bang in San Jose is not affiliated with this chain.
I was excited when I saw D'lish was opening in Tempe as it has been on my Phoenix Coffee Tour (ftw) for over a year, but I never found myself in Scottsdale to try it. So I went there a couple weeks ago and can honestly say it was just okay. Now, I preface this by saying that I have only been there once, they are new, and I didn't order anything terribly complex, but for now...just ok. The BF and I decided to go in instead of driving through. We each got a latte (which are VERY fairly priced at 3$) and I had the bagel and egg sandwich. The lattes were good at the very beginning, but as they lost some of their heat, they became more acidic tasting. I think this may be indicative of good milk steaming abilities and mediocre espresso. Our lattes came out quickly, but we waited about 15 minutes for my egg sandwich (meanwhile a huge table of obnoxious patrons were laughing as loudly as they could next to us in the early AM.....not D'lish's fault, but annoying). I think what may have happened is the people inside get put at the end of the list as far as making food because there are people waiting in the drive thru, so it took much longer to receive food. Anyway, the sandwich was pretty bland BUT I did like that they don't scramble their eggs in the sandwich, they are over hard (like it better over medium, but whatev). I wish they had more variety of bagels and allowed a choice for the sandwich because it would be really good on an everything bagel. Also, their menu states they have assorted pastries and when the BF asked what pastries they had they said bagels and croissants.... not really assorted.... they could probably take that off the menu or add some more pastries. Anyway, I hear their sandwiches at lunch time are really good, so I may try them again for lunch, but for coffee....eh, just ok.
I am writing this review because of Salsa. Yes the pollo quesadilla is amazing. And the burro's are fantastic. There salsa though is out of this world; yes it is expensive, but for good reason. I use to be a regular here, kind of a creature of habit. My love for the spicy side of life was quenched here. There salsa is made with several exotic peppers that can only be found in Mexico. That is why it is over six dollars a pint. The rest of there food is amazing, but pay the extra and get your piece of salsa heaven!
We were seated over a half an hour after our resevation to start. The apps were great dates in bacon were amazing as was the flatbread. The entered however were not as good. My fish was so salty I felt my blood pressure spike! Even the salad that came on the side was too salty to eat. I have never spoken up about something like that before but it was do bad I had to. They seemed concerned asked if I wanted to order something else but I was done at that point. I was stunned that they didn't comp something on our bill they still charged us- not even a wine comp. I wasn't going to force the issue but won't go back.
Ehhhh....I was REALLY excited to go to the fair this year.  I hadn't been in years, and the idea of the rides, the food, and the atmosphere all over again was appealing.  The entrance was one really long swap meet. The rides probably would have been fun, but the lines were SO long that we ended up only going on the ferris wheel and calling it a day.  I was DYING for some bean and cheese indian fry bread, which I got, and was completely disappointed.   Bland flavor, and expensive!  We walked around the expo section, but realized that it was actually about 7 different exhibits that all had at least 4 seperate booths, so although it looked massive, we had pretty much seen everything after 10 minutes.  The livestock area was ok....but (obviously) stinky.  My friend DID win a giant stuffed animal, which was cool.  AND, the absolute highlight of the whole event was the last 5 minutes as we were walking towards the exit, and I paid $8 to hold a MONKEY!!! That alone deserves about 20 stars....but overall, I will leave the AZ State Fair with 3.  Better luck next year....
I miss Manila Caf\u00e9 from the early 2000s, the little Filipino joint that used to be at this location, a little pocket nudged into the strip mall on the southwest corner of Alma School and Elliot. I love lumpia, though--the Filipino version of the egg roll, its biggest difference coming from the thin, crisp wrapper as contrasted to the thick, doughy wrappers used with Americanized Chinese egg rolls. Thus, it was easy to be drawn to Manila Caf\u00e9's replacement. \n\nFor a place called the Lumpia Factory, though, the lumpia pickings are usually sparse when I'm there, and those that I've had, aren't quite my style--cigarillo-thin and filled only with meat, they left me yearning for Mom's big fat lumpia, elegant, ample, savory, and home. That aside, the food here can be pretty good! \n\nShove some storage boxes aside, shift the somewhat awkward and somewhat heavy tables and chairs so you can actually sit at them without having to be as thin as a stick figure (they don't mind that their clientele shifts tables and chairs around to suit their parties, which is usually families of various sizes), then step up to the hot plates nestled into the steam table to see the 8-10 dishes offered on that day's menu--it changes daily, but is usually the same from week to week. Whoever I've run into, manning the counter, has been polite, downright friendly, and eager to please (and answer any questions, for those of you novices). Point through the glass at what will usually be stewing meats or soups, braised meats and vegetables, sometimes unusual parts of common animals (tripe anyone?), and set up your plate--a combo with two or three items with a serving of rice--and the counter help will bring it to you in Styrofoam plates and bowls. \n\nIf you're Filipino or have affection for the cuisine, chances are, your pick will hit the spot, or at least come close. Of course, if you're like me and compare the food to mom's cooking, you're bound to find something to take issue with, but if you enjoy it for what it is--home-style comfort food from a culture whose food is far too ignored and, therefore, hard to come by, then you'll be pleased and maybe even get all nostalgic. \n\nIf you're new to Filipino food, you can start easy with one of their adobo dishes, lumpia, and a pancit dish, which is the Filipino equivalent of Chinese lo mein--you can't go wrong with noodles! No matter who you are, try halo-halo for dessert--this is at the heart of Filipino desserts!
I think this place could do well if they made some changes. First of all... the iced tea was not good. I think I recall a previous reviewer comparing the taste to Band-Aids. I've never tasted one, but the tea tasted as they smell... oddly plastic-y. My roommate ordered the chicken parm, and although he didn't say it was bad... he seemed remorseful from not ordering the Lobster Ravioli. In my opinion, it looked like it had way too much mozzerella, couldn't even see any breaded parts of the chicken. I ordered the cannelloni, a favorite of mine. I was dismayed when I saw it covered in meat sauce (which tasted canned). Now, in my many experiences in ordering this dish, it's always been paired with a cream sauce! The menu didn't specify. The good thing I suppose, was the gnocci served with it (which was good) had cream sauce and I would steal some of that and incorporate it into bites of my cannelloni. Creme brulee was not horrible, but the carmelized sugar could have been darker and more berries would've been nice for the price. So overall... it was ok, not great, but ok. The server was Chazz and was very personable and friendly.
I got a great deal on Priceline and was put in a nice, clean room on the ground floor. Great room service experience and decent desk service. Really my only complaint was that we called up to the desk to request a taxi. They said okay, and when we got to the front of the hotel someone shooed us to an unmarked SUV and then charged us a ridiculous amount ($15 plus tip) to drive TWO miles! The next day while checking out, I told the desk person that I was really annoyed about that, and then she proceeded to be annoyed by me complaining and said I had to SPECIFICALLY request a metered cab. That's ridiculous!
Meh.  I've been to this bar a few times and find it's not worth the hassle.  First of all, your chances of actually parking in their parking lot are slim to none.  It's very annoying trying to find a spot, but you will have better luck parking in some of the neighboring places.\n\nSecondly, the drinks are WEAK.  Pretty lame.  They're cheap, but sometimes I think the bartender completely forgets the alcohol entirely. Did I say a soda water?? I meant vodka/soda!! Come on now, people.  Don't be so stingy with the good stuff. \n\nThe crowd is pretty eclectic.  I've seen quite a few different age ranges in there the times I've gone, but no one seems to have a problem with dancing out on the floor.\n\nThis is not the best bar choice, but it's not the worst either. Just bring your own alcohol minis so you can doctor up your drinks.
I've been to Fox a few times.  A couple times at this location and once at another location.  The other location (in North Phoenix maybe?) blows this one away in terms of service, and well, pretty much everything else.\n\nThe food here is okay.  I tend to stick with the bacon cheeseburger here because it is usually pretty decent and it comes with their yummy fries.  They've never really messed up my food here, so that's a good thing.  I haven't had anything that was much of a standout here, but it is solid food.\n\nThe service on the other hand, is terrible.  The times I have been here, I have been completely ignored after being seated.  I have had to track down a server to get someone to at least take drink orders.  They are usually pretty unattentive too.  It could be worse I guess.  Just never go when there is a crowd, as the servers have no idea how to handle that volume of patrons.  This strikes me as so weird considering they are nearby two major sports venues as well as a movie theatre.  \n\nIf you are hanging out at Westgate and get hungry at a non-peak eating hour, you should try Fox.  They have a fairly interesting menu and the food is usually pretty good.  Just don't expect stellar service.
Man. I'm torn about this place. Let's talk good stuff first: It's convenient, it's close to everything. I love their zipparitas in every flavor, they often have great deals on food and drinks. It's a great place for watching sporting games. \n\nI mean it all sounds great, right? Everything you'd want in a sports bar. Well listen up, about 80% of the servers there are just straight twats. The customer service blows big ones. Idk why they've even got attitude, some of them aren't even cute. Check yourself girlfriend. I get it, you're busy. But we're your customers, get that bitchy look off your face. Enough with that rant, aside from their god awful customer service - some of their items are mediocre at best. They charge you for every side of ranch. Oh wait, you're not making enough money off all the drinks we have there, you need $.25 for the ranch too? It's a pet peeve of mine. Don't charge extra for condiments! \n\nSad thing is even tho I get so frustrated with this place, I'll still come here and tolerate their rude servers because sometimes you get lucky and there's a new server who isn't jaded like the rest of those B's. And those damn zipparitas. I love 'em. Sooner or later, I'll give up on this place for good.
This review is only for the Par 3 course. There are two holes that are lengthy, 181 and 160 yards. The rest are between 50 and 100 yards. For $7, it is a great course. There are lots of beginners on the course, so plan on taking time or politely asking to play through.\n\nI noticed that some of the yardage signs are a bit off (like 20 yards or so) so beware of that. Other than a few holes with bunkers surrounding hte hole, it is not too difficult, which again, makes it great for beginners.
