We don't have this fast food restaurant in Canada so I had to come back here after a stop in Montana three years ago. I remembered the burger to be delicious. I know its fast food but that doesn't mean it can't taste good. \nI had the original burger and the onion rings. I can say that while I ate every last ring, they were good but certainly not great. I had the burger the way it came and maybe I added bacon last time. It was good, I suppose even really good considering we are at a fast food joint. Its not going to unseat the Big Mac or even the Quarter Pounder in my mind but it was good. I think maybe i could eat here once a month, tops. \nMy wife had the Guacamole and Bacon burger. She really loved it. I don't know, not my thing but she insisted I try it. After saying no thank you at least six times I finally graciously accepted a bite. Like I said, not my thing. \nShe also had a creamsicle milkshake which tasted just like a creamsicle. Again she enjoyed it.
YES, this place has been around forever, though it isn't that great so I'm not sure why.  There are plenty of other cheap (and better) options in the area.\n\nI used to come here for takeout quite a bit a few years back and remember it being better; not sure what happened.  I went today and it was definitely below average.  \n\nThe House Fried Rice is really the only thing I've ever eaten here that was legitimately good.  Everything else is utility.
I have tried to love Sprinkles, I really have.\n\nI have been there a handful of times. Bought it for events. Bought it for myself, tempted by the sights. Im a sucker for creative marketing. It looks like it should taste good.\n\nEvery sprinkles cupcake I have ever had (and I have tried at least 3 or 4 flavors) has been LOADED with sugar. Im not talking yum, sugar. Im talking, freaking gross, so full of sugar you cant taste anything else, has no depth of flavor, JUST. SUGAR. Take a spoon, dip it into your sugar bowl, shovel it into your mouth, get the same taste, and save yourself the drive and the $4.\n\nI had read good things about the strawberry, so despite my best judgement I thought it might change my mind about Sprinkles. I bought the strawberry cupcake. The frosting had SO much sugar in it that it was still granulated. Seriously. And the cake, while moist, was so terribly tasteless. I spent $4 on this stupid cupcake and it was so nauseatingly sweet and disgusting that I threw away half of it. I have never thrown away a cupcake in my life. \n\nNever again.
I don't like this Five Guys. \n\nThe hamburgers are insanely overcooked and was a tad on the chewy side.\n\nBut my real gripe is that this place stands on the dust of the Coffee Plantation. A job that saw me through my twenties. Great memories. Reduced to chewy overcooked hamburger.\n\nI might forgive you for moving on Tempe. Maybe one day. I might even like the hockey puck texture on the over blasted meat at Five Guys. \n\nMaybe one day.\n\nMaybe one day.
I had high hopes.\n\nThen I had bites of a pastor taco, carne asada burrito and civiche tostada.\n\nMeat wise, the pastor here is incredible. If I were ever to return on another trip to town, I'll order pastor everything. The carne asada was alright as well, but nowhere near the quality of the pastor and the burrito was pretty boring. \n\nAs for the civiche.... yuck. I should have taken the advice of a coworker who recommended no seafood in the desert. Completely tasteless and overpowered with lime. The avocado chunks tasted like tofu.... gross.
I went to Daphne's today since I love their patio and wanted to leisurely dine outdoors. I ordered the Chicken Ka-bob and the double greek salad and a soft drink for $7.94 today. I love greek salad, but this came nowhere near to my expectations. I am used to a ton of tomatoes, cucumbers, olives, etc. I had two small tomatoes and cucumber slices and two or three olives and a lot of lettuce. I'm used to a greek salad having little if any lettuce. I guess I am spoiled by all the great greek restaurants in Chicago. Time to get busy and find a go to Greek Restaurant in this area.
Our first time here, after driving half an hour to try the place out. A mish mash of Asian dishes, some of which are hit and miss. We had the lettuce wraps appetizer, teriyaki chicken and Korean sizzling short ribs. The taste and sauces on all three were pretty good. The chicken was tender. But there was too little meat in the filling for the wraps - it was mostly just water chestnut. The ribs were not sizzling but lukewarm and were also the toughest I've ever had. Could not even eat half of the dish. The Chef or manager (he didn't introduce himself) made a lot of excuses when he came over to address the problem, like 'people' around here want their meat well done. Well done and overcooked are two different things. Service was below par, with only one waiter trying to keep up with dine in and take out customers. Won't be coming back here again.
This was the last valley casino i had yet to visit, should have left it alone. \n\nThe casino had a nice array of machines, but they need to clean up more oftern, or maybe the patrons need to use an ashtray more oftern.   \n\nyes there is a lot of smoke smell around, but they have a small smoke free area.  \n\nThey also have what looked to be a very nice cafe, the food looked great and the prices were very reasonable, but we were just too tired to stay. \n\nPlayed for about 2 hours and hardly saw anyone win anything, or get any bonuses on the slot machines.
Why oh why is this joint always out of ham and cheese crossaints...prepare people!!!  I really don't think theres anything special about their sandwiches, I've tried a couple of them.  The soup is usually good, the salads are o.k but the cookies are pretty good.  Service is null, I actually caught a couple of the young guys who were making the sandwiches joking about one of the guests (rude).  I never order coffee here anymore because they always find a way of screwing it up.  So why do I keep stopping in here....it must be the cookies.
Nick's is local to me and I would have loved to make this a fav as I can walk to it. \nMy first visit I sat in the bar after having sushi next door. This was o.k. and I may repeat this. \nHowever, on my next visit my friend and I tried to enjoy dinner. We were asked to sit at a smaller table outside vs. a larger table for bigger parties. Ok but when some people came in that were repeat customers and they sat at the table we wanted but there were only two, well that was somewhat rude. \nThen the waiter catered to their order and needs over ours. Such as when he did bring our food and asked us if we wanted parmesan cheese. We said yes. He then went to the kitchen and retrieved the food for his favorite customers and then brought the cheese for them and then brought it to us. Maybe they are big tippers but as someone that was looking to be a regular I may have been too. \nThe food was good but for gluten free they really do not have many choices. I have been going to another restaurant in the area and they have excellent choices with better service. Unless I am dragged here again I most likely will not return for their food.
DH and I went here with a group of about ten people for a weekday Happy Hour.  We happened to have our kiddo with us. \n\nThe ambience was nice.  It was dark inside and it was very cozy.  The bathrooms could use some work.\n\nThe food was greasy and nasty.  Stay away from the globby mess of the fundido. It is the greasiest dish I have ever seen served in a restaurant. It looked like oil inside chicken broth.  Gross!\n\nThey have nothing for young kids here. The quesadilla I ended up getting the kiddo was overpriced and she did not like it.  It was served with black on the outside, which was not appealing, and it had greasy cheese inside.\n\nThe margaritas were just okay, but even with happy hour pricing they were not worth bragging home about.\n\nOn the plus side, the servers were very nice, so I'm bumping it up to two stars.\n\nI would NEVER eat here again.
Cheuvront: oh so disappointing.  I have been to Cheuvront for dinner  twice, both times I walked away disappointed.  I've tried the many dishes including the duck, the chicken, and some appetizers.  My biggest complaint is that the food isn't that great.  It is 3 star food with 5 star prices.  The portions are small (like a tapas bar), which usually doesn't bother me as long as the food is amazing.  But this is not the case with Cheuvront.  I've tried many dishes here that are bland, with no depth of flavor.  There is no beer on tap and service takes a long time.  It's so close to where I live, that I really wanted it to be a neighborhood spot, but the utter lack of value and quality prevents it from doing so.  Either drop prices by 30% or make your food twice as good.
"""Am I taking crazy pills???!!!!! Four stars???? Really????  I think there needs to be some sort of quiz before being allowed to write reviews......  It could be as simple as: How many fingers am I holding up? Who was the first president of the United States? Or, have you ever eaten Mexican food before?\n\nSo based on its proximity to my home and the four star reviews from yelpers, we gave it a go. Was it completely terrible? No. But come on guys, call it what it is. This place is no better than an El Torito. Frankly, you are way better off to go to Baja Fresh, take it home, make your own margarita and save 50 bucks...\n\nI had the carne asada fundido. Basically its like an under-fried chimi with steak and sauteed peppers and onions inside and sour cream on top. Don't get me wrong, it wasn't shitty, but there just isn't anything to sing about. Utterly average... \n\nTraveling for work a lot, I get to eat in a lot of great cities. The only reason I mention that is that in many cities, if you open an \ok\"""" restaurant, it is closed inside a year. You just can't survive if you are this average. I have had better mexican food in Seattle for god's sake....SEATTLE!!!!!!! There are more mexican americans in this town that the entire population of Washington State.... Is it possible that the only good mexican food in this town comes from place where you have to stand in line to order?"""""""
"""Let's get some clarification right now. This is NOT A COOKING CLASS, nor is it a place you can go to learn to cook. Instead, it is simply a place where they have a production line setup with various prepared ingredients and a few select recipes that change every month. You can go in there and \make dinner\"""" for your family in their kitchen, and then take it home and cook it. Voila! A \""""home cooked\"""" meal. For me, I was greatly disappointed that I basically learned nothing about cooking, and that I couldn't do anything on my own without the prepared ingredients and special process they use here. Plus, they simply sit you at a station and you do the steps noted in their recipe. While there is someone available to answer your questions, he or she is no \""""teacher\"""" and you are not in a cooking class. Unfortunately, various coupon specials have referred to it that way."""""""
"""I came here for their friends and family event, and while I typically wouldn't write about it since it was virtually gratis and it is their start-up week, I didn't even see potential in this place (I went to Bourbon Steakhouse for a similar type of gratis event, and it fucking rocked... I refuse to review them yet because I know I'll be back when they will actually be in operation). As a matter of fact, the only recurring thought I could muster during the entire meal (which, mind you, lasted just under 3 hours) was:\n\nWhat the hell?\n\nFirst bad experience here: sitting on the toilet, as a 5'9\ woman, my feet were dangling. Bizarre. And the stalls are very looney-bin-esque... sterling silver from top to bottom with no obvious ventilation or way out if someone locks you in (yes, paranoid is the word you're searching for). \n\nSecond: The chairs are beyond uncomfortable, but wouldn't be so awful if I hadn't had to endure such a long-lasting meal (note to restaurants: this long-lasting concept? Good for relationships and, like, gum. Not so much for supper).\n\nThird: I've had better food at pretty much anywhere that charges even a fraction of what this place does. It was kind of outrageous, but I didn't begin a violent rampage because, as mentioned, they were buying.\n\nFour: Our wait time in between dishes averaged at about 15 minutes from picking up the dirty plates to dropping new ones. This isn't accounting for how long it took for them to clear our table, despite the 9842759873 servers, bussers, sommeliers, and bartenders milling around (I'm not even counting the armada of hostesses). \n\nI can see many a Scottsdale douchebag or Eurotrash enjoying this place, but it's probably because (pardon me for being caustic) they haven't recovered their taste buds from last night's coke binge.\n\nSidenote: Our server was awesome. That said, he'll probably find something better very shortly."""""""
A couple coworkers and I stopped in one day for lunch. The line was long but we got through it fairly quickly.  I was excited to try this place as I heard such good things, but when we waited over 10 minutes for our burgers, it was rather disappointing.  The burger was ok...I prefer Red Robin's thick burgers to Smash burger's thin ones.  I had their fried pickles which were covered and swimming in grease.  For almost 12 bucks for a burger, side and fries I don't know if i'll be back.
There are a few things that really can annoy a great man, and that is making me pay for a credit card fee.  I understand that you have to deal with some points on your transactions, but hey that is business and if you feel that this was hitting your bottom line I would suggest you re-evaluate your strategy on pricing. The coffee, meh it was okay but I have experienced way better, please re-consider your 25 cent credit card charge, it's tacky.
I was hankering for a good fish dish a la Vera Cruz and decided to try out Mimita's Cuban Cafe since a friend had recommended it. It's sad to say that I was very disappointed with their food. I ordered the Filete de Pescado al Ajo with Moros. Needless to say, aside from the butt load of crushed garlic enough to scare off the vampires on Halloween, the food was bland underneath all that garlic. The only thing that was enjoyable was the Maduros. But it's pretty tough to mess up fried plantain.\n\nI don't see me going back there, nor recommending it to my friends and family...and they call themselves The Best Cuban Food in Town, yuck!
"""We had such high hopes.\n\nCafe Zuzu was a huge disappointment today.  The decor was the best part of the meal.  From a lethargic, disinterested waitress to a kitchen staff that required 45 minutes to serve undercooked food to the only table waiting for service in the restaurant, it was just a sad experience for our family.  After waiting 40 minutes, we approached the hostess for help with where our food might be.  Why the hostess?  Because our waitress had become completely invisible.  We looked but could not find her.  \n\nWhen the food did arrive, it came in spurts.  With three people serving, you'd think they could get all the food out at once.  Alas, they could not.  We all had to wait another 10 minutes until the entire party was served. \n\nNow for the food.  We ordered burgers, a sliced turkey dinner and some chicken fingers.  The burgers were the best of the lot, made with an excellent quality beef patty, delicious cheese and a tender bun.  The sliced turkey was god-awful horrid.  It clearly wasn't carved from anything resembling a real bird, but was some type of formed meat buried under a half cup of salty canned gravy.  An assortment of fresh steamed vegetables were the best thing on that plate.\n\nA side serving of mashed potatoes was another miss.  Clearly reconstituted, the potatoes were tasteless and without proper texture.  I've had better when visiting Grandma in the nursing home.\n\nThe organic greens salad was excellent; not so for the torn iceberg salads which could have been made by a three year old.  The onion rings were greasy but good.  The wonderful salted dinner rolls were the hit of the night.  next time I visit Zuzu I may just buy a basket of bread.\n\nNow for the final insult, for some reason, our waitress served us room temperature water without ice.  Who does this?  Why?\n\nThe management tried to make apologies for the kitchen, and we would accept them, if it weren't obvious that the problems with the food and service were not limited to our table.  \n\nWhoever is the manager of Cafe Zuzu, please take note:  you can do so much better.  We came for the wedge salad and great burgers and got \torn\"""" iceberg (it was clearly chopped) and undercooked burgers that arrived cold.  Please, talk to your staff.  They're going to put you out of business if they keep performing like this when you're not in the building.\n\nHope you do better for us next time."""""""
So, shame on me for not taking the reviews of this place seriously and actually suggesting it for lunch today.  It happens to be in a convenient location (in chain restaurant hell off of Stapley and the 60) and we've had drinks there a couple of times.  It's really a pretty restaurant inside....too bad the food doesn't live up to the atmosphere.  They've been advertising $5.99 lunch specials via their email list, so I thought it might be worth a try.  \n\nThe large  menu seems fairly impressive and includes fresh seafood, fried specialties, pasta, salads and a long list of sandwiches and wraps.  We opted to share the Calamari Salad and the fried  Alaskan Cod/Shrimp/Chicken lunch.  We should have been forewarned when the food suddenly appears within five minutes of ordering.  To put it nicely, the salad just plain sucked.  The menu describes it as a Greek salad....NOT.  Wilted romaine lettuce tossed with some sort of sickeningly sweet poppyseed dressing (WTH?) and a few pieces of calamari on top.  I will say, however, that the tender, non-greasy pieces of calamari are the reason why I'm NOT giving this place one star.  The fried platter was OK...she ate the fish and I ate the shrimp and chicken.  The fries weren't bad...just nothing to write home about and the cole slaw was barely passable.    \n\nThe service wasn't much better than two stars as well....I mean just because we're drinking H2O with lemon and not having cocktails doesn't mean you can ignore our need for refills. On our last visit we sat at the bar and ordered martinis...I guess that doesn't count.\n\nAnyway, we didn't pay for the salad (thank God) and I left starving..it really wasn't even the equivalent of sharing two appetizers since the portions are small to begin with and we weren't inclined to finish either dish.  I'm embarressed to say it, but I'm sure Red Lobster would have been a better option, or, even Long John Silvers for that matter :(
"""I booked my birthday party here, mostly because of it's close proximity to The Duce. I was in contact with someone who said she was the Manager, Daron Harvey. She was great and said she would extend happy hour for my party. However, upon arrival, the night of my party, the manager on duty had no idea my party was coming. When I told him that I had spoken to a manager about having my party there and he snidely remarked, \that's weird, I'm the manager.\"""" Wow, way to be nice about the amount of business I am about to bring your bar. To top it off, we got there at 9pm, which is what I told the Manager I was e-mailing, just to find out they normally close at 10pm on non-Suns game nights, unless they have 20+ people. So, now I feel awkward 'cause we're keeping these servers past the time that they probably thought they were going home. \n\nThe only reason I am not giving them one star is that they were still able to accommodate my party and give us the specials. Except after 1.5 hours of being there, the server asks me if we're all on separate checks. I don't understand how you just assume these things and we had to wait a bit longer to get our tabs. Lastly, I get the rule to add gratuity for such a big party, but the gratuity added was 22%. Random. \n\nSuch a terrible experience."""""""
"""What a joke.\nIt's a \theme\""""bar gang.That's it.Nothing more.\nModeled on a crappy movie.\nAs crappy as the movie was,this is a crappier rendition of Coyote Ugly.\nTeeny tiny size less than zero waitresses with cartoonishly grotesque bolt ons and overprossessed frosted hair and that fugly candy pink lip gloss.\nIt's laughable to see some of the poseurs who stroll in in their pre-ripped cutoff denim shirts,bandanas around their heads,but with gelled and styled hair!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!\nOkay,here's a clue.\nREAL bikers don't gel their hair.\nNOT when they're riding anyway.\nMaybe for their job at the Verizon kiosk in the mall,but not for a ride or night out in a badass biker bar.\nDidn't bother waiting around for all the rafter tricks folks seem to be so fond of.\nI actually couldn't get the hell out of there fast enough.\nFor a moment I felt like calling some friends to join me just so they could get a laugh,but I didn't want the stigma of having been in there in the first place.\nSnottsdale plastic people in their fairyland playgrounds....\n\""""What did you do last weekend Miffy?\""""\n\""""Oh Bitsy,it was so cool.I went to this badass biker bar where there were badasses and bikers.It was so cool.And now I'm so cool and exotic because I hung at the badass biker bar.\""""\n\""""Gee Miffy,how will you ever top that raucious escapade?\""""\n\""""Well Bitsy,I'm going to attend a hip hop rap event this weekend and talk to some black people.It will be the shizzle\""""\n\""""Wow Miffy,I don't know a cooler trust fund princess around!I wish I was as cool and daring as you.\""""\nYep...That's about it....."""""""
One star for service.  3.5 for food.\n\nDear Revo, When a business orders lunch to be ready at a specific time, and well in advance, MAKE THE DAMN FOOD AND MAKE IT READY WHEN YOU SAY YOU WILL.\n\nSorry for yelling.  Had to vent.  They have done this to me 3 times now where we order at 11 for an 11:45 pickup only to have the person picking up wait 20 minutes.  You've lost our office's lunch business.\n\nThis is a shame because the food is quite good.  Even if you eat in they are very slow though.\n\nSO, if you have an hour or two for lunch, give it a try.  Everything I have had is good.  Solid green chili and carne asada.  Real stand out is the creamy rice that comes with the combos, YUM!
I don't mind riding the bus with crazy people and grumpy unfriendly drivers. What I do mind is the price being too high and the lack of service at. night and on the weekends. I can't afford to go anywhere. I can only afford to go to school one day a week. Even then I still have to walk a mile to the school and a mile from the school because I can't afford the all day pass. How am supposed to get on my feet if I can't even afford to take the bus to go job hunting. And now you want to raise the price another dollar? WTF!
"""I'm so confused!  I love my fellow Yelpers and so based on reviews I was so expecting more Joy from my Joya experience.  I'm writing this review in my hotel room at the Montelucia....which is the place that I wanted to escape to the minute my massage ended. Over joyed?  Not so much!  \n\nOK, my massage therapist was very good so no complaints there.  But this spa place is so cheesy!  And I'm not talking about delicious well-aged Gouda.  I'm talking pure VELVETTA.  I swear the interior decorator went to TJ Maxx and purchased the lanterns, candles, crystals and other decor that is suppose to make guests feel as if they were in the Andulasian region of Spain or in Morocco.  Maybe this place can pull the wool over the eyes of Americans that don't have a passport....just saying.\n\nThe hotel is lovely and the staff are very friendly and helpful, but as far as the spa is concerned, I won't be back.  \n\nFor my $$$, when in town and I feel like treating myself, I will go back to my #1 Willow Stream at the Scottsdale Princess or  #2 Revive at Desert Ridge.  \n\nI'm so bummed about this spa experience.  At least I have a nicely appointed bathroom.  (We got upgraded without being charged...likely due to current pool construction).  I'm gonna get myself all dolled up now, snuggle with my wonderful hubby (who couldn't stop giggling when we were giving the \grand tour\"""" of the spa...I swear!  and refused to place his hands on their 50lb crystal...the attendant was not amused!), and have a wonderful dinner at the (for now) hidden gem called Tuck Stop.  \n\nAdios mi Amigos!"""""""
After several good meals at FnB, last nights experience came up very short.  We had a 6:45 reservation and when we made the reservation were told that the next reservation for the table was at 9:00 so we would need to be finished by then.  The waiter was terrific but the food came up very short.  The food was piled in in small plates and looked very unappetizing.  While the fried green tomatoes were good there were smothered in a sauce and covered with a large handful of greens.  The waiter went to great lengths to describe the special orange appetizer with various exotic spices.  It looked and tasted like orange slices with some kind of cheese.  The ribeye looked unappetizing and was very tough.  The pink grouper was piled on a small plate with cauliflower, broccoli and confusing spices - smelled fishy and was undercooked.\n\nAt 8:40 we had paid and were finishing up a conversation when the hostess very rudely informed us that we had to leave as the next reservation had arrived, apparently 20 minutes early.\n\nAll in all an expensive and very unsatisfactory evening.  They seemed more interested in turning the tables than providing a pleasant dining experience.
We used to order from NYPD quite often, but this place has gone straight downhill in the last few years.\n\nWe called for pick-up tonight and were put on hold. No problem, it's dinnertime and they're busy. Someone comes on the line and asks if we're ordering pickup or delivery. We tell them... and get put on hold again. Okay.\n\nThe guy taking our order seemed totally clueless - probably another new high schooler they hired. He required long pauses between each item of our huge order of 3 dishes and 2 sides. Not terribly difficult, we thought.\n\nWhen we arrived, they tried to tell us that the olive oil that goes on their pasta is plain. Um, seriously? I'm paying for plain olive oil on my plain pasta? I can do that myself! I know for a fact they usually season their olive oil, as do ALL decent Italian restaurants. The fact that I had to argue with them about it was ridiculous. We had to ASK for some garlic and seasoning to be mixed in for us. Thanks.\n\nNext, we specifically ordered garlic CHEESE knots - confirmed two times over the phone - only to arrive home and discover we had plain garlic knots. If we'd known, we would've saved the money and just had the ones that came with the entrees. Most upsetting was the fact that we were, indeed, charged for the CHEESE knots, not the plain ones. How complex IS this?\n\nFinally, we had to actually request a side of sauce for our cheesecake, when this was never explained over the phone. Funny, since the website menu specifically states the dessert comes with raspberry topping. If there were options, maybe we should have been informed when ordering. If we hadn't caught the mistake, we would've left with... a slice of plain cheesecake. Fantastic. For nearly 5 bucks? I can get two slices for half that at Walmart, strawberry swirl included.\n\nAll this for overpriced, bland food, an enormous wait time, an incompetent staff, and one huge headache. The pizza is good, sure, but the hassle is NOT worth it anymore. If this is how they run the show now, then I'll take my business somewhere tastier and cheaper.
Went for lunch recently because Verde was overflowing. Cool place- liked the atmosphere and there's a lot of room. Saw a DJ set up in the corner- I bet that's for their late night service which I would be willing to check out. As far as food, there is a small selection and it's all about $9/10 a plate. Asked for a vegetable substitution but the chef refused (in a way I can respect that he protects his food, but I might have liked it better if he had just obliged me). Service was friendly, but slow. I'm not saying Sens is bad- just that I've had better.
Not sure what ladies the other raters were working with but the one that was there when I went in was borderline hostile towards me.  She reluctantly offered to help me and then gave me repeated dirty looks as I browsed through the store.   I mentioned having problems breastfeeding and she just stared at me then walked away.  Come to find out later they have classes and a lactation consultant.  Never were either of these things mentioned while I was there which I find weird, wouldn't one want to advertise these services?  Isn't making money the object of owning a business?\nI was put off by her crap attitude and the elitist feel of the store.  Pretty much everything she had could be found other places for about half to 70% less money.  Tea for 14 dollars?  Yeah. I found that same tea for 4 dollars elsewhere.  I guess it's tough for me to believe that any normal person would want a duponi silk baby sling for an annoyingly high price.  Anyone who does breastfeed knows that milk pretty much as a way of getting everywhere, even silk baby slings.  \nNot sure, maybe it was an off day for them but I would not recommend them to anyone if that is how they treat customers.  I guess I would recommend them if you like to be pretentious and spend way too much on stuff just because you can.  There are people like that in Scottsdale and this would be the place for them.
For a restaurant that supposedly prides itself on its five star service I was very disappointed. First off the waitress looked completely disheveled, messy hair too small faded black shirt and cheap looking black pants. Then when we placed out order for the mussels we were advised by her that they are very fishy this time of year. My husband had never tried them so we took a chance. We also ordered the Kobe beef sliders and the tomato salad. The Kobe sliders were so well done you could call them burnt, the salad was tiny with wilted lettuce and the mussels(surprisingly) were good. By the time we saw our waitress again we were finished with our meal. I asked her about the Kobe sliders and commented that they are always prepared well done and she quickly brushed off my comment and walked off.So much for the customer is always right. Needless to say my husband and I were very disappointed to spend a hefty amount of money for so-so food and terrible service. Needless to say we will not go to Different Pointe of View again and will NOT recommend it to our family and friends.
Eh. I've had better. Their boba was.....how do I explain? ....it was like, falling apart. They weren't that firm, the texture was just gross (and yes, I've had boba before....) Also, there wasn't a lot of ice in my drink, which also made it more gross. \n\nI think I will stick with my regular place....I like the boba at a restaurant in Mekong Plaza....I think it's called Taiwan Food Express...but I'm not sure.. It's on the North side of the Plaza and it faces the parking lot. There's a bunch of pictures of Boba Tea, ya can't miss it. (but I think I am going to give The Street a try....thanks Arlington W.)
My room smelled like B.O. every time I entered. I went into the gym and it was disgustingly hot, humid, and a bit smelly (but I worked out anyway). The water pressure in the shower sucked - like having some midget pour water on you from a bucket. But this is not what compelled me to write this review - I was going to let all this slide. What irked me was when I asked the guy behind the desk to give me a 5 AM wake up call because I had an event the next morning with three local TV channels attending. No wake up call. Good thing the alarm on my cell phone works. Next time I think the Courtyard Marriott might be in order.
"""Maybe it's just me but this store is not up to par in my opinion. I always stop here to get money orders for rent on the way home from work and I almost always have to wait at the counter for 5 or more minutes while employees constantly yell \someone will be right with you\"""" at me from all directions. The sandwich counter is good although it says sandwich in 3 minutes or its free and it always takes longer. (I never say anything because I don't care, I just don't see the point of the sign.) Their meat section is a joke lacking any real selection. The produce is almost always below my quality standards and is also lacking in selection. Last but most definitely not least they always have just one register open and no self checkout. Overall going there is a highly inconveniencing experience and I would not recommend going there for anything."""""""
"""The first time I went there was a great experience. It was the first place I ever ordered a dirty martini, and it was delicious. The prices were a little higher than other places, but not too bad. I think I paid around $7 for a pretty strong martini\n.\nThe 2nd time, however, made me decide I will never return. I know it's a \tequila bar\"""", but I'm not a fan of tequila. So I ordered a martini again. First, the bartender rolled her eyes at me. She started the drink with their \""""well\"""" vodka but, when that bottle emptied, switched to Skyy. After she hands me the drink and prints out the receipt for me to sign, she tells me they didn't have very much olive juice. I figured it would be fine, the dry vermouth should cut the flavor of the vodka enough. Then I noticed she charged me the price it would be for a skyy martini...I paid $10 for what basically turned out to be a glass of vodka with a couple olives in it. If I want straight vodka, I'll order it.\n\nI ended up going to another bartender and asking her to put a mixer in it, which she did with no problem.\n\nIn all of this, my friend had to wait 15 minutes before getting a drink (he was standing right at the bar). My boyfriend had to wait 20, and I even went and stood near him, leaning over the bar showing off cleavage, thinking maybe that would get me service quicker so I could just order his drink for him. Nope, still nothing. \n\nTried waving over bartenders multiple times, but they just kept going over to large groups of people who got there after us. We finally gave up on his drink.\n\nOn top of all of that, the boys had to pay a cover, which that place really shouldn't charge. I like Suite 301 far better, and I've never paid a cover there.\n\nMaybe that was just a one-time thing, maybe we just had a couple bad bartenders, who knows. But I didn't think they were anything special, even when I did have a good experience, so I see no point in returning, nor will I recommend it."""""""
"""I made my second visit to this place over the weekend and kept saying to myself, \why the f*ck am I here again?\""""  I guess this place appeals to certain types of people who like to overpay for \""""groceries\"""" and fight for parking, but it just isn't my style.  Sure, if you live in the immediate area and find that AJ's or Whole Foods has shut down then yes, going to Oakville Grocery may fill the void temporarily.  However, if you don't live within walking distance then the place is just stupid.  \n\nOn the plus side, they do have a decent selection of good looking pre-made dishes and some different wines, breads, olive oils, etc.  Their staff is also very helpful and friendly.  They also have wine and food samples from time to time.\n\nBoth times I visited I was fortunately not there to shop, but to get a sandwich from their deli thing.  Both times I ordered different things and both times I cannot remember what I had because the sandwiches were just blah.  Bland and blah.  Not a fan."""""""
The only reason I give this store 2 stars is because I have yet to find lower prices on groceries.\nOther than that, everything about this store annoys me. From the complaining checkers, the 3 girls that are busy sharing facebook photos and talking about dates while attempting to check me out, the terrible produce selection (I now buy all my produce at Sprouts)... ugh. My biggest complaint is how my groceries are bagged. I admit, I can be a tad ocd about things but when I unload my groceries and find soap with my eggs, it is incredibly annnoying. This store also employs 3 or 4 people with handicaps, which is fine other than when I come through with $150 worth of groceries, I expect them to come home with me in the same manner I picked them from the shelves...unharmed. I always try to avoid those lines. There is one guy that talks the entire time instead of bagging and then people behind me have to wait longer because he's so slow. I know that might sound mean but if an employee (whether handicapped or not) can't keep up, move to a line with less groceries. I don't spend $500/mo at this store to hang out and be patient with their mostly inadequate employees. I was so angry when I got home the other week, I actually took $50 worth of groceries back to make my point. Not surprising though, they don't really give a crap. Maybe it's the manager change, I'm not sure.\nLike I said before, the only reason I don't go elsewhere is because I cannot afford the other stores. But hmmm... now that I think about it, it might be worth it to pay $20/mor a week to save me the hassle of dealing with this store.
I think ownership of this place has changed hands in the last few years... I've eaten here in the past and the results were unremarkable. Back then, the staff seemed to be East Coast impatient and the food was simply average. Deli seemed to be an afterthought. \n\nIt doesn't look like much has changed... It's little more than a neighborhood quick-e-mart. It's family owned I think, but the owner was a bit bristly with me when I was in there recently. \n\nI think this place could pile up bags of garbage in one of the aisles and people would still come here - there's nothing else close by for people in the neighborhood except for the grocery store on 48th. Give the people no choice, and they will choose you regardless. \n\nI lived in the neighborhood for 10 years and only went here a few times... every visit made me remember why I didn't want to come back. I can't see people going out of their way to eat here. \n\nThe Valley is lacking in decent Deli's - unfortunately, this one doesn't qualify. I've always wanted this to be a little hidden gem, but it's simply not special.
"""My senior prom was held here some years ago and - much like the amalgammation of events that led up to my high school graduation - the Arizona Center still makes me feel socially awkward, unwanted, and uncomfortable.\n\nI don't even know the names of kitschy tourist shops here, but they definitely boast \I'll Give up Breathing Before I Give Up Beer\"""" shirts in their window displays. Ugh, really? Yeah, I so want to advertise to all the crackheads and hobos on Van Buren that I'm 100% tore up in the middle of the day. Maybe I will buy some Kachina bobbleheads and flower-printed cardstock and call it a day. Not before I stop at Hooters on my lunch break, of course.\n\nI wish this place retained some of its former charm, or at least a viable destination for my too-short weekday lunches. Unfortunately it's chock full of douchebag midday Mill-rejects who jaywalk across Van Buren just to stop in the middle of a high-traffic area and look around stupidly for the best chain bar. And not that I bother with the upper level (what the hell is even up there? anything?), but has anyone noticed the broke-ass escalator that has been chained off for two years? Am I making this up? This place really can't be that bad, right?\n\nThe movie theater is decent if you're comparing it to the massacred, always full of the guy that thinks obvious foreshadowing in movies is  a profound revelation environment at the AZ Mills Harkins, but my only faint recollection of this place was watching the ATHF movie here while day-drunk, passing out a quarter of the way through. Maybe I shouldn't advertise that here. At least no one kicked me out, which is a plus, because I snore.\n\nThis place is way more fun at night when you're 17 and no one likes you. Unless you're one of the bizarre downtown tourists that takes \""""art\"""" photos of dirty alleys and family portraits in front of the Subway, you probably have somewhere better to be."""""""
"""Who is that someone blaring KNIX? I look around. But I know that my ears don't lie. The wailing's coming straight at me from the speaker at pump #8. I can't even give anyone a dirty \turn that down\"""" glare. Not a chance for a \""""can you be more rude\"""" stare. \n\nA moment of silence, please. Please. Please. Argh!!\n\nReally, I just want a moment for me. Let me bask serenely in the glow of the circle K light. Let me enjoy in peace the sweet smell of regular unleaded. Let me, ears unassailed, savor the feeling of paying less than four bucks a gallon for this stuff!\n\nCan you tell I'm not a fan of music at the pump?"""""""
"""The giant horse scared me! I thought it was a real stuffed horse at first glance.\n\nOn a nice summer night, we weren't able to get a seat outside because there was a graduation party going on. Instead we sat inside and listened to the Michael Buble-ish croonster and his homeless sidekick. I'm not sure if he was homeless but he was rocking on the bass guitar and would add in his \oh yeahs\"""" and \""""uh huhs\"""" during an intense jam session. It was creepy and cute.\n\nMy friend bought the table a round of marachino cherries that are laced with vodka and cinnamon rum. It was interesting but way too strong for my tastes.\n\nI started with an Oak Creek Hefe which was warm so the server brought me frosty mug but that didn't help either. I ordered the Spicy Cajun Sausage appetizer and it was nothing more than a bowl of sliced sausage links floating in a cold hot sauce. It was disgusting. I had to ask the server if the appetizer was meant to be cold. I'm just not a fan of cold sausage. The best part of my meal was the sourdough bread- and it was damn good because I was starving!\n\nOh yeah- the bathroom was pretty scary. I liked the mops and brooms in there too, really made me feel like I was peeing inside a janitor's closet. Oh wait-- maybe it was!"""""""
I have been to this place a few times because friends were already there and talked me into meeting them there. I have never really thought much of the food but it was not bad enough to write a review about. How bad can you mess up mexican food? But recently I dined at Julio G's and the experience was enough to inspire me to share.  First of all the decor has always bothered me there.  Pink Neon reminds me of some 50's diner.   I always expect to see a Milk Shake on the Menu when I sit down.  Also on this must recent visit I had really poor service. It was only slightly busy but it took an inordinate about of time to get a simple combo dish out.  \n\nThey thing that stuck me most about Julio G's was how expensive it was.  Nothing on the menu was less then $11 for a combo dish.  Actually I think a 2 item combo was like $10.95 and a 3 Item was like $11.95.  Man, $12 bucks for some marginal Mexican Food? I realize prices have gone up on food and produce.  I am sort of expecting to see some price increases across the board at some of my favorite spots.  But this was what I consider to be way out of line with the quality of food, service and overall dining experience.
I came in expecting allot but it just didn't live up to what I thought the flavors would be with a name like Bombay Spice. The prices on the wine are great but the menu is a bit confusing and the food has potential but it needs allot of work. I'm a big fan of Indian culture and food but it's not terrible but there is other places that have great Indian food that I would rather go. overall I give it about a 2.3..... Save your time and money this place is not worth the trip.
I'm probably a little biased in this review because of the fact that I can't stand disorganized stores. There are about 5 long aisles of merchandise in the store and it is almost completely random of what you will find (and where you will find it). From my understanding, unknown items come in each week with very good deals. The catch is that you have to be willing to maneuver your way through the mess to get to them... almost like a second-hand store. Not my thing. \n\nI'm willing to pay a few more dollars for an item to go into a store and find it located neatly in its place; a place that I know where it is; a place that I know I will find it. (i.e. you need sheets? You know that you can go to target and they're going to have a good selection of brands, styles, and colors... and you know what section of the store you'll find them in... and they're sorted on the shelves in an order that you can quickly find the size you need).
"""Location - Interesting that this restaurant shared a space with a junky gift shop. Their signage was very small and rested on a brick wall to the entrance. Ambiance FAIL.\n\nFood - The mushroom with truffle was fantastic. The beet salad was very interesting. The fingerlings anyone could have fixed. All portions were very small. \n\nOver priced!\n\nService - There were only two other parties. The chefs visited those tables, but not mine. When I gave the server a Restaurant.com gift certificate she was very rude with no \Thank you\"""". \n\nI would not come here again for mediocre service and 1/3 dishes being good."""""""
"""I got a Groupon and was excited to try a new Indian restaurant.  We were seated right away and received our drinks not far behind.\n\nThere was one server and one guy just walking around ~ not too sure what his roll was.  \n\nMy husband and I both ordered the \naan bread tikka masala chicken\"""" sandwich.  The \""""naan bread\"""" was a tortilla and the tikka masala was out of a can (not very flavorful).  The only reason why I knew that there were veggies in the sandwich was because I saw them ~ they also didn't have any flavor.\n\nI asked for more tikka masala sauce due to the dryness of the sandwich and it arrived just two bites before I was done.  Yes, I finished my sandwich but that was because I was extremely hungary.\n\nWe went to try the restaurant due to the reviews but I was very disappointed.  Maybe the dinner menu is better."""""""
Hire a busboy! I had to say it. I had to take these pictures. This is my _third_ visit since my May update with the same result and I can't keep it to myself any longer. The staff neglects the dining room. Period. Dot. Patrons often have to move dirty plates, stacking them up on top of trays at another table, just to sit down.\n\nMy recommendation to the owners is to put up some garbage bins like all other self-busing fast-food places and make _us_ do it if you're not going to.\n\nI have to wonder what happens to all those half-filled salsa squirt bottles left on the tables unrefrigerated for so long. Do they top off and return them to service, or are they emptied and washed before refilling?\n\nIt is my sincere hope that very soon I will be able to update this review again and say that things are back to normal. Until then, I have to advise driving a bit further south to Mi Patio, or north to Sylvia's La Canasta.
"""I was hungry for a slice and my favorite place in old town was closed.  So, we'd been meaning to try Nello's anyway so we went in.  \n\nWe ordered the 14\ Numero Uno, which is homemade sausage with mushrooms, pan crust.  It looked great and it smelled great, and it had a great cheese coating, so imagine my surprise when I bite into it and find that its very bland.  The crust was good.  I can taste the cheese..  I tried putting a ton of red pepper flakes on top and then parmegan cheese, but it didn't help much at all.  \n\nVery interesting.  I kept eating it trying to figure out the problem.  I've had mushroom on pizza before by itself and it didn't taste like this.  The crust is ok, not undercooked although it kind of tastes similar to undercooked dough.  I think it might possibly be not enough sauce.  I'm still not sure...  But I will stick to Best of Italy, thank you very much."""""""
I went there the other night for dinner.  Granted, I was there early but other than two people sitting talking in the restaurant, there was nobody there.   I ordered a Chicken Arepa, Shredded Beef Empanada, and the Ground Beef Pastelito.   The kid who took my order behind the counter said it would take 15 to 20 minutes.  I couldn't figure out why it would take so long-maybe they had a lot of take out orders for pizza (they share the same kitchen with Rosati's).  Instead of taking 15 to 20 minutes, I'm waiting there around 30 minutes, the kid has disappeared, and once in awhile, I see some other guys in the back.  They must know I am waiting, but not once does anyone come out and tell me that my order will be out shortly.  Finally, some other guy who looks like he could be the boss asks me what I ordered.  I tell him, and he brings out my bag, which seemed to have been sitting there for who knows how long.  It seemed hot so I left and did not complain.\n\nAs far as the food, never having had an Arepa before, I was not too impressed.  It was somewhat bland and it tasted like a taco.  The empanada was incredibly greasy.  The Pastelito was the best-the ground beef was tasty.\n\nI might go back and try some other items on their menu but they need to improve on their customer service especially when there is virtually no one in their restaurant.
Swanky looking place inside the W Hotel --- ooooh...ahhhhh!  Let's check out the exotic cars parked outside -- ooooooh...ahhhhh! \n\nLet's try out the food............ ..... ..... ..... ..... ..... .....\n\nPretty cool place to hangout if I wanted to be seen with cool crowd I guess (my mom said I was cool....) I didn't think their sushi and rolls were to too exciting. I guess they had to please the crowd and what's hip and cool.  The only thing exotic is parked outside, not on the menu.  Pretty basic and mediocre at best. Nothing I haven't seen. \n\nService was good overall and attentive.  Ambience is like a lounge and smooth.  I felt like I back in Hollywood Blvd hanging at Katana's. - Enjoy
Food was just okay, but too pricey for what you got.  I like restaurants with the kitchen open to the dining room (Pei Wei / Arrogant Butcher) - it's fun to watch the chefs do their thing like a rehearsed dance.  What's not fun is watching the staff bicker and frustrate one another.  This made our visit more stressful than entertaining.  Wait staff was slow and not very attentive - thought about giving it another try, but it looks like this is all pretty common according to other reviews.
Another jewel in the Fox crown-read amazing look and feel but outrageous prices for food that's really nothing special.  A few of us went to lunch the other day and one of my buddies orders the prime rib french dip.  The server asks if they would like mushrooms, peppers or onions to which my friend replied yes, please.  They were kind enough to charge $2 EACH for said add-ons so $6 total additional charge.  I mean seriously, I can get ten pounds of onions for two dollars...\nI ended up splitting a chicken club and a ~1 oz. cheese 'plate' with a friend and we both got iced tea.  $24...to top it off the waiter was kind of a dick.\nI probably would never patronize a Fox restaurant again if I didn't get hooked up with gift cards on occasion.
"""Such a waste. Great little cozy Mexican restaurant for a business lunch that somehow forgot 1) how to make Mexican food and 2) how to cater to larger groups on their lunch break.\n\nYou will fall in love with its quaint, wooden interior and carafes of salsa, but the love affair will start to wain once you realize how shoddy and unorganized the service is. It's one of those serve tables by committee places where no one will claim responsibility of any table that's out there. As such, you will go through long stretches without key elements for eating your meal and either be ignored or treated rudely when you ask for help.\n\nBut the real deal-breaker for me in my one (and probably final) trip here was the food. I got a \Carne Asada Taco\"""" platter, which turned out to be a loose definition for what I got. There was a stack of four tiny, over-saturated tortillas with some carne asada on it. No guacamole, no pico, or anything else. Just some carne asada and lettuce on sticky, wet tortillas. Also came with almost tasteless beans and rice on the side.\n\nThe carne asada itself was really good and some members of my party had slightly better entrees, including the ones who got carne asada burritos which were loaded with guac and such, but we all agreed it wasn't worth the price compared to a trip to Tradiciones, La Tolteca, or even Canasta.\n\nThen we got presented with a bill that included an auto-gratuity of almost 30%. We brought it up to the woman who was running the joint for the most part and took our orders and told her to sort that out. She apologizied and said, \""""Oh, she can put on whatever gratuity she wants.\"""" \n\nSay what? Who is \""""she\""""? You are the only one running the register and taking orders. And how can any server just come up with a gratuity of 30%? Needless to say this place is trying to shakedown large business parties and should be avoided as much as possible."""""""
One time I threw up in my mouth and thought that was the most disgusting taste I ever had, but then I ate at Texas Roadhouse and I can now stand corrected. Thanks goodness we had a gift card to this place, otherwise I would've paid in toilet paper. The atmosphere is pretty baller. I like the HDTVs and the woody feeling that the place has got going on. Oh, and the service is 5 stars. I've never had so many people say hi to me - I felt as popular as my facebook page. And my water was always filled, so I do appreciate that. But when it comes down to the nitty gritty, the food tasted like boo boo. I had the portabello chicken and I ate half of it. It just tasted like I was swallowing fat and grease. The cesear salad side was pretty tasty, but you aren't coming here for a salad. My girlfriend had the sirloin steak, and that was mediocre at best. I didnt think there was enough taste to the meat. I just thought our food was bland. Only go here if you have a colonoscopy scheduled the next morning - I guarantee you'll be clean to go by morning time.
I guess I had more expectations of this place from seeing it on Food Network. The food was good but the service, decor and music was not good. I only gave 2 stars since I enjoyed my meal. My daughter had the pizza and I had the cheese ravioli. \nIf you want a smile from the wait staff...good luck. One was more interested in her phone and the guy was lacking all expressions. Thankfully our waitress (I think her name was Patty) was decent.\nThe decor is outdated and could use some color...its very drab and dark in here. \nThe music is rap...this is an Italian place and the music took away from the experience. I don't think I will be back again.
I have been here way too many times but I am officially done giving them chances. So frustrating that this place doesn't step it up! It is pretty much an overpriced bar. They have a large selection of just mediocre bar food. I love the concept and it's tons of fun for kids. But I can't bring myself to go here again because I can't bare the food. They have no healthy options on their kids menu and it's not much better on the regular menu. I consider this place a kid-friendly restaurant due to the atmosphere and concept. But the service is way too slow! The number one thing that I look for when bringing kids out to eat is fast service. It's no secret that kids have no patience for waiting 15+ minutes for a check. And happy kids equal happy customers. Crying and winy kids equal annoyed and unhappy customers. So speed it up at least please!
"""Been here a couple times and really want to love it ....but just can't.  \n\nLunch this week was just okay.  Our server Jill was very enthusiastic and efficient.  For some reason this place is noisy in a very annoying way.  We endured clinking, clacking and other such kitchen/bar distractions during most of our meal.  Try having a conversation!  \n\nWe ordered meatloaf sliders w/ fries (I know, at an Asian place no less!) and pad thai.  The sliders were okay but at $11.95 not a value.  Pad thai lunch-portion was $7.95 - a bowl of noodles w/ some chicken & shrimp and a few onions & shredded carrots.  I guess next time I want \Asian\"""" I'll go all the way to a Real Chinese restaurant.\n\nOn the upside, I counted 7 different kinds of sake on the menu.  If you're a sake drinker, maybe this makes up for the so-so food?"""""""
"""Ever go on a first date and get all starry eyed and think, \This could be it! This could be The One!\"""" and then it goes downhill from there and you can barely remember why you thought the person was so wonderful? That's my experience with Mimita's.\n\nFirst impression: Cute and clean; a good start. So many ethnic joints are plagued with decades-old spills on the carpet and dingy walls. This one, while it will win no design prize, at least got a little gussied up. I could like this, I told myself.\n\nWe started with the sampler plate, and my first bite of beef empanada was bliss. I declared, \""""I could eat ten of these!,\"""" and I should have. I should not have ingested the grease-soaked, salt-coated plantain chips. Nor should I have indulged in the deep fried yucca. Or any of the other fried bites. \n\nEver the optimist, I thought things would improve. I dug into the Cubano with reckless abandon. I really wanted this to be A Great Sandwich, but instead, I felt I could do better with my panini maker at home. The meat was chewy, the bread was insignificant and the mustard was overwhelming. Whether summing up a date or a meal, it's never a good sign when you say, \""""I can do this better by myself at home.\""""\n\nI hate to compare Mimita's to a former love, but there's no avoiding it. The ropa vieja, a favorite specialty of mine, was a letdown: Havana Cafe's is far superior.\n\nAll that said, I still would have given three stars if it weren't for how I felt later that day. A bad bout of in-di-GEST-ion crept up, with the fried sampler plate plaguing me throughout the evening. Stop calling me!, I wanted to say; I don't want to go out again! Mimita's will not get a second chance, sorry to say."""""""
The service here is abysmal.\n\nAlthough the food is pretty good, though on the pricey side for  a specialty pizza (~$26), the service level experienced is beyond atrocious. \n\nOur visit occurred on a mid-week evening. Not busy at all (in fact nearly all of the non-booth center area tables were empty). We were promptly seated but then the wheels fell off. 12+ minutes waiting for our server to finally show up and ask for a drink order.  It got worse after that. Some examples: server no where to be found to refill or ask if we wanted another round; observed him chatting with friends nearby without regard or even a glance over at his few tables; clearing our plates without asking if we were even finished, rushing out the check taking it back while waiting and then taking the paid tab while we were still seated!\n\nHey Brandon or Brendan, have some class. You were rude, classless and unprofessional. \n\nThe lack of training throughout the front of house wait staff is clearly evident at this location. This was our second time at this location and the service was even worse than opening week. \n\nOutside of the service, the smallwares are exceptionally cheap. For $26 for a specialty pizza, I would expect it to be served on a decent plate with decent silverware. The stuff used here is the cheapest plastic plates and ultra thin table ware. \n\nLike I said, the pizza and other food we had is pretty good, but the service level makes sure you don't enjoy the food or the experience.
"""This restaurant was featured in the Peoria-Glendale paper so we thought we would try it. As we walked in, we noticed the doormat said \Casa de Angelina Spanish Food.\"""" Sound interesting? If there was any Spanish food on their menu, I sure didn't see it. We were a party of 5 - 2 ordered Taco salads, 1 Chimichanga and 2 taco plates. No Spanish food there. The food we got was just OK, not up to typical Mexican restaurant standards. On the other hand, the service tonight was great. But again, the food was nothing special. We won't be back."""""""
Somewhere between and two and a three.  The food is not good.  There is a happy hour and a reverse happy hour.  the price points are good.  $6.00 dollar drinks, $5.00 apps.  Problem is, nothing tastes very good.  the presentation is beautiful.  the restaurant is beautiful.  there is even a live band that is pretty good (except everything sounds like dave matthews), its just that the food is made to be non-offensive.  the salad with green goddess dressing, tastes like iceberg with mayonnaise.  the fried calamari is crispy but needs some realy dipping sauce other than the same green goddess type dressing.  The char siu bao is just gross.  The burger is decent and comes with some sweet potato fries.  had some duck cubes that were just cubes of protein that looked like they were dipped in hoisin sauce.  the desserts and tiki drinks fared better.  Stick with Maitais or hot buttered rum.  All of the drinks are sweet concoctions, but they claim to have invented the Mai Tai, and the hot buttered rum comes in a fun tiki glass. the desserts however were great.  Pineapple upside down cake, Snowall (vailla icecream, coconut shavings and chocolate sauce) and bread pudding were all top notch.  Took us $60.00 bucks to get out of there for two for happy hour so it still adds up.  hit or miss, better off going to Hulas.
Don't order take out. There portions are so small. I was really disappointed. My chicken was literally raw inside, the service was crap, they forgot my dressing. All I ordered was sides and a piece of grilled chicken. Simple enough...I thought. Stick to the other location till they get all there kinks worked out. \n\nThe Biltmore location is much more laid back and not nearly as trendy and wannabe hollywood.  The waitstaff is much more together and the portions are consistent. Im staying with that location.
"""Some chicas and I were heading down to Phoenix to see a play on a Friday night, and needed a place close by the theater for some food and drinks prior (it is a play!)  I found District online and it looked promising and right across from the Herberger.  It is situated in the bottom of the Sheraton hotel, but is very large for a hotel bar/restaurant.  Online I learned they had a good looking happy hour with comfort type food and reasonable drinks - score!  They had a nice patio, so we asked the hostess if we could sit outside for happy hour, but she informed us we could not, only for dinner.  Hmmm, ok?  She said we could sit in the bar, but the bar was packed, not a seat to be had.  My friends and I joked that we could sit what looked like a rolling banquet cart - and try to find chairs.  I went to the bar to atleast get some cocktails while we hovered for a table.  I ordered 3 of the White Peach Sangria's, which were on happy hour for $3.75.  As great as they sound, they were not good.  It tasted like they had dumped the whole \can\"""" of cling peaches in the drink, because all I could taste was syrup.  We found a table and proceeded to order some food.  We shared the All American Cheeseburger, a huge burger a la carte, for only $6, the Sloppy Joe Sliders, 3 small sliders for $5 (manwich?.)  The Spiced Sweet Potato Fries, which were great at $3 and came in a little brown bag with a moroccan type yogurt sauce for dipping, and the Mac N Cheez with Beer Hots.  I loved the Mac N Cheez, but my friend wasn't crazy about the hot dogs in it.  The burger was by far the best deal, a huge burger and only $1 more than the 3 tiny little sloppy joe sliders.  We then ordered a round of Vodka/Sodas, and they didn't dissapoint.  Our total tab for 3 was around $46 before tip, so a pretty good deal.  DO get the burger and the sweet potato fries, but get a beer or a mixed drink instead of the white peach sangria."""""""
We were so excited to have another choice restaurant in North Central.  It has a great bar and patio, but I found the menu lacking.  I so wanted to love this place.  The hamburger I had was good, not great.  Did enjoy the fried okra, but found the mac and cheese dry and tasteless.   The wait staff was nonchalant and seemed to be more interested in each other than in waiting on tables.  Also, my daughter and her friends went there for a late dinner (they are all 24-26 years old).  They were carded but the waitress didn't believe them.  She sent the manager over who actually sat down at the table and had them each produce three more cards, which I thought was above and beyond.  After they had emptied their wallets, they did get their drinks, but the waitress, having been shown up, was rude to the girls after that.  It is a shame that this group of young women, who are all med students and law students, were subjected to this treatment and all have vowed never to return.
Mimitas Cafe  is nothing to brag about....maybe my expectations were too high because I had a friend rave about this place so I  expected a little too much...\n\nUnfortunately I was disappointed. The food was nothing out of the ordinary..the rice was a bit dry and the flavor was bland\nThey do give fresh bread but it is very limited and when I asked for more- the waitress said no and that there was not enough..... for a restaurant???!!!\n\nWe are not going back - but people should notice that for a cuban restaurant - the owner and staff are no where near cuban.........
"""It sounded like fun but fell a little short of expectations.\nLiving social sponsored the cruise. $60 a person. They had lots of friendly staff on hand to check everyone in. \nWe heard the boat was air condioned but noticed only the bottom half of this double decker was sealed in for such. Just like Titanic, we knew only half the passengers were going to make it. So we got as close to the front of the line as possible. We made it inside and grabbed a couple seats. The poor people opposite us had seats but couldn't sit down because plastic stacking chairs were stored there. They shouldn't use precious AC space for storage!\nSoon after we shoved off they opened the front doors and hot, 107 degree air blasted through the cabin. Everyone was complaining but the crew said they had to circulate fresh air through because of the sterno candles used to keep the buffet food warm. There was nothing fresh about that air! \nWe had punch cards, wrist bands, and tickets for drinks and food control. God forbid someone got an extra cup of soda. The food was good but not $60 a person good. \nThe lake and scenery was beautiful. \nAfter dinner was music from a steel drum band and dancing. But it was only one guy on one steel drum playing with a cassette. And I don't know where there was a dance floor because it was packed like sardines. I think there was 4 square feet total.\nAnywho, It killed a couple hours and was an experience when you'r sick of the dry desert. You can try it if you're bored and don't mind parting with your money. I passed someone dismbarking and they asked if it was worth it. I said, \Meh. I've had better.\"""""""""""
This place is total Ice Palace......so it is a great place in the summer.  Really....if I lived closer, I would just sit here all day and order H2o.  I came here with a girlfriend only because she had a gift card.  It is kinda of cool you can watch hockey practice here. It is a total sports bar so the set up with TVs, I really liked.  I notice the booths had their own TVs...that is really a nice setup!  Anyhow, we had salads....not a specialty place for that kind of food......this place is all fries, onion rings and burgers.  Our salads were  bland but  for 9-10 bucks ....GET THE BURGERS!  We were out of our element but we had 50 bucks to spend!  What's a girl to do?
After reading all the reviews, I really expected more from this place.  Their pulled pork sandwich was not very good.  The meat was tough, and there was no smokey flavor whatsoever from the meat, just an incredibly sweet sauce with ketchup consistency that overpowered everything.  The other sauces on the table were just as bad.  The sides were pretty good, however.  I liked the blue cheese slaw and the cowboy beans, but sides are not enough for a BBQ place to stand on.  Normally, I like to visit a place several times and try multiple things from the menu before I can say whether I like it or not.  Because the pork was so bad, I'm reluctant to give this place another shot.  I'm from the South, and I haven't really found any place in AZ that can cook pulled pork properly (only Pork on a Fork comes close).  However, the pulled pork I had to day at the BBQ Co. was some of the worst I've had in the Phoenix area.
"""Before we even sat down to our table, my party and I sat in the bar for a glass of wine. With their extensive wine list, I assumed we could taste a glass before purchasing a $100 bottle of wine, unfortunately for us, they charge for wine tasters. (which I happen to think is CRAZY, considering I work at a similar kind of restaurant) ...But where to start?.....Broken wine glasses on the table when we first sat down. Ordered a baked brie appetizer, that was cold in the center. On several occasions our drinks were empty for 15+ minutes before someone would even walk over to our table. Our server was terrible, the bus boy did 3x the amount of work. No communication coming from the server at all. The food was \alright\"""", we ordered scallops and filet, definitely not worth another $200 or a trip back."""""""
I'm trying the places close by my temporary Tempe home... it's tough to give more than two stars after my experience here.\n\nI walked by on my way to Food Town, and I picked up a menu.  In  perusing the offerings, I was struck by the Thai Basil Chicken combination. I figured with egg roll and Lo Mein, the combination would probably work.  After picking up the Food Town items, I walked toward Gourmet Wok.\n\nOn opening the door and walking in, I was the only customer in the restaurant.  When I passed by earlier, picking up the menu, there were no customers in the restaurant.  The only people in the restaurant were a waitress, her child and another lady at the same table.  The tables and chairs...Goodwill Industries.  The menu board...with lots of prices that have not been updated, even though the prices in the paper menu have...I thought I might have found the proverbial 'hole in the wall' for take-away Chinese cuisine.\n\nI compared prices between the picture board, the written menu on the wall and the paper menu in my hands.  The prices on certain items varied based on which source you ordered from.  My Thai Basil Chicken combination cost $6.55 based on the paper menu.  With tax, I paid $7.14.  The person who took my order advised I would wait 5 minutes and my order would be ready.\n\nI walked to the local literature distribution near the front door, where I picked up the coffee-time news.  After reading my horoscope and several articles about truffles, I was called to pick up my order.  3:20 on my watch.  This was either an extremely coordinated cook or certain items were cooked before being commingled with all the ingredients.  \n\nThe person who took my order brought the bag to the counter, handles looped through one-another.  I opened the bag, took a peek and everything looked appropriate.  I asked for some pepper oil, and was provided with a container.  Out the door and 2 blocks to the homestead...I walked in, unburdened from the trip, washed my hands and prepared to open the box for dinner.  \n\nThe egg roll...it had been sitting under a heat lamp...there were no grease spots on the envelope.  Cabbage, carrots, but no seasoning...frozen, not prepared fresh.  No Lo Mein...but rice cooked in yellow broth, and it was a little hard, like it could have cooked for 2 or 3 more minutes.  As hard as I tried, I just could not enjoy the rice, either.  \n\nLast but not least, the Thai Basil Chicken with no basil.  I'm betting the cook did not read the order, or chickie who took the order wrote down chicken with broccoli, because while there was no basil, the broccoli was in large quantity and cooked to perfection.  The chicken...no.  It must have been cut and then steamed and left in a tray in the preparation area.  The pieces were very uniform, very soft (beyond tender) and flavorless.  While I could not see what the cook was doing in preparation, my bet is that he took already prepared broccoli, carrots and onion and tossed 'em with the chicken pieces, then slathered the whole thing in sauce.  \n\nFirst time, not very impressed.  I will give them one more try, because every time I go by, the place is always empty.  Maybe if they get the chance to impress, and succeed, they could grow.
"""I went here today for some coffee and maybe something to eat.  \n\nThe door was opened for me upon approaching it, and I was warmly greeted by a man who I assumed to be the owner.  That was awesome.\n\nGetting inside, there are children crawling around on the ground and on furniture, literally screaming... and it smells.\n\nI walked up to the counter and a girl said \hi,\"""" I said, \""""hi,\"""" and I looked  up at the menu to see what I wanted... I kept looking and kept thinking and she remained silent and just stared at me.... this is not the kind of service I expect at a coffee shop... maybe some suggestions, or questions... \""""so is this your first time here?\"""" would have been nice.  Just silence.\n\nI ended up just ordering a toddy, and it was okay.  I prefer the ones from Cartel most definitely though. \n\nI went to throw my straw wrapper away and the counter with forks and condiments and sugar and whatnot was visibly sticky and gross.  There was a bin with a sign over it reading \""""dirty dishes,\"""" that was indeed FILLED with dirty, smelly dishes.\n\nThe owner thanked me and said goodbye on my way out."""""""
"""Okay, I'll give them one star for selection and one star for price. Beyond that, I am unimpressed and terribly irritated. \n\nI have frequented both the Camelback and Desert Ridge locations and experienced the following: \n1. Complete and \Total\"""" absence of anything even resembling Customer Service \n2. Frustration at the a$$ backwards way the items are organized. \n\nTo the first point, I have NEVER been asked by ANY member of the staff \""""Can I help you find anything today?\"""" Even when I was shopping toward the front of the store, within sight of the cashiers who were just standing at their registers chatting to each other, and I was making a point of trying to flag someone down to answer a question, was I only met with a passing glance and a look of utter inconvenience. There were three cashiers, no on in-line, yet no one stepped forward or even acknowledged my existence. This was at the Desert Ridge location. \n\nAt the Camelback location just this passed weekend, I called ahead and spoke to Eric, inquiring as to whether they carried and had Abita or Dixie beer in-stock (it's the weekend before Mardi Gras and a week or so after the Super Bowl, so I figured Louisiana beer might be a bit slim on the ground, which is why I called ahead rather than drive all over town.) \""""Oh yeah! I've got several kinds of Abita in-stock\"""" confirmed Eric. \""""Great!\"""" But what did I behold upon arriving not an hour later? No Abita. None. Only itty bitty \""""Temporarily Out of Stock\"""" slips on the shelf label. (You may want to make those signs a tad bigger, guys. Amongst the vast sea of labels that is the entire store, a Post-It-sized afterthought of an \""""Out of Stock\"""" sticker isn't exactly an eye-catcher). So I turned to the guy stocking shelves on the other side of the aisle (who had not acknowledged my existence) and asked him about the Abita. \""""Um, uh, I dunno...I'll go check.\"""" And so he disappeared, never to return or be heard from again.  Apparently he got distracted by the inconspicuous Post-its. \n\nThe other issue I have with Total Wine is it's lay-out. I was taught to read from Left to Right. Usually the Alphabet is also presented Left to Right. However, Total Wine has decided to turn the English-speaking world on it's ear and present it's stock \""""Alphabetically\"""" from Right to Left. W...T...F? Now, I understand that the customer, when walking through the store, starts at the front of the aisle and walks backward. This is the only reason I can see for putting the A's toward the front of the store and the Z's toward the back. Sure...I get it. But here's the thing: not only is it counter-intuitive to any customer who has been schooled in English grammar and the rules of Alphabetization, but it also allows your customers to walk only the front of the store if they are looking for any brand that starts with the first few letters of the alphabet. Why not put the A's all the way at the back where, not only will the customer be visually organize the selection reading from Left to Right, but also force the customer to walk past all the entire selection to get to products whose name starts with an \""""A\""""? I'll bet my Seghesio Zin that there are more breweries and vineyards whose names start with \""""A\"""" or \""""B\"""" than those that start with \""""Y\"""" or \""""Z.\"""" \n\nThere's a reason Costco puts the soda and the toilet paper at the very back of the store: it's so you have to walk past all the other product to get to it, thereby increasing the customer's likelihood of purchasing more than just the required toilet paper and soda pop."""""""
A friend and I stopped here today for lunch. I for some reason thought it was an odd choice, but he seems to go often and enjoys it. In fact the woman taking the order said to him, no drive through today? It would looks as though he is known in the whataburger world. \n\nThe people working here are very friendly if not a little disconnected. I ordered a whataburger with cheese and onion rings and a small drink. I opted for the Hi-C. I do not like sloppy food and this burger would not have been if the bun had held up. But as it is onions lettuce and tomatoes are falling all over the place. The meat was dry and lacking an particular flavour. The onion rings were very generic and sort of soggy. I loved the Hi-C. \n\nYou know you just never know if you will like something until you try it. I tired it and that is enough. Nice friendly folks though. I do like friendly.
Had I written this review yesterday because I was hungry, craving pasta and eating here pretty late at 9 pm, it would have gotten one more star for coming to my rescue while driving around looking for food.  24 hours later , with a clearer mind, i can say this place is average. The bread very plain, the shrimp linguine quite bland. The service and decor are quite good though. And finally, so Not the place to go for a meal for one.The size of helpings is HUGE. I had enough left over for lunch. Which would have been a good thing had the food been tasty.
Our car's driver side window was smashed as we sadly observed when we finally made our way out of this restaurant (hours later)on this less than stellar evening..we spent yet more time cleaning glass off of the seats just to FINALLY get to drive away from the Ghetto cafe..er Barrio cafe...but I digress..\n\nI don't know.... I guess a place that consistently has between an hour and 2 hour wait on a Saturday and doesn't take reservations has got to be beyond fabulous and worth waiting for right? You think? Wow..I am actually embarrased I fell for this. This must be what the people who bought Charlie Sheen tickets felt like...  Sucker! That is what I felt like last night for sure. First off, we had swung by here a couple of different Saturdays but (smartly) decided the wait wasn't worth it...my bf really wanted to try it ( be careful what you wish for)..so we got there (early for us) around 6:45 pm last night to put our name down and do the CRAZY hour and 30 minute waiting game...did I mention the bar area and patio are tiny and you get the added experience of being packed in like cows in an unorganic dairy farm....\n\nOk..so the food portion of the review...two words...mediocre and overrated...the guacamole was salty...i didn't get to see it prepared tableside because the restaurant was so crowded and small the server (who gets 4 personal stars because she was sweet)...literally couldn't fit the preparation cart anywhere near our table...our main dishes...were just ok.....nothing tasted particulary fantastic and the dining room felt hot with no air circulation...thank goodness for the wine....\n\nThis is probably one of the loudest restaurants I have ever been to...I was thinking no way will I be returning..that idea was more than cemented when we saw the glass damage...wtf? Maybe if you took reservations Barrio.. and had a decent parking situation..people wouldn't be sans their car for 3 hours just to eat dinner in the hood.
"""Maybe my hopes were too high when I made plans to go to Sunsplash.  I was overwhelmed by the crowd.  So many people were crammed into this relatively small space.  Never in my life have I seen a line for a wave pool.  I typically think of the wave pool as a retreat from the lines.  Not at Sunsplash. The lazy river was so packed I could hardly see the \river\"""" part.  Not exactly a relaxing experience.  \n\nNot only that, but the water park seemed less than sanitary.  I saw several people with bloody noses, and I couldn't help but wonder when the last time they thoroughly sanitized the place.  The park is also open at night...I will not be venturing over to Sunsplash after dark.  You know what likes to come out at night?  Bugs.  Big ones.  (I'm a Coloradan...call me spoiled...but large bugs just aren't a part of life where I'm from.)\n\nThe slides are fun, especially the gigantic ones.  If you plan to go on the big slides, be sure to bring your friends!  Expect to carry a massive raft up several flights of stairs.  There are no mechanisms that bring the empty rafts up to the slide entrance for customers.  I got a workout just by hauling our raft around!\n\nWhatever you do, do NOT open your water bottles prior to entering the park.  They will throw them out.  Bring a few gigantic bottles and rent a locker; a large cup of ice can be purchased at the concession stand for 25 cents.  Bring cash too.  A locker is $11, but you receive $5 back when you present your receipt with the locker key.  Also, I recommend bringing some plastic flip-flops.  There's nothing worse than tromping around dirty grounds covered with strangers' hairs and other disgusting debris.  \n\nFood is quite pricey (no surprise here).  It is a fun place to spend a Saturday, just don't expect anything too elaborate."""""""
As I was surveying the places near my work to eat I was hoping that this was a different alternative to the Panda Express closeby. \n\nNot so much. I believe I paid something like $9 and everything was drenched in oil. I thought maybe I'd hit a goldmine by getting tons of sushi, but it's just mediocore and tempura coated pieces were just soggy. Hot and sour soup tasted obscenely sour. I didn't even go back to get seconds (even though I ALWAYS) do this at a buffet- not because I was full, but because my stomach could not agree with me.\n\nThey are pretty quick in cleaning up after your plates, so quick that if you accidently left food on it, they'll still take it.. so don't leave your food alone at your table if you're planning to return to eat it.\n\nPayment is due after your meal, strange but true. This is supposed to be an Asian buffet, but there's nothing Asian or authentic about the food.
This did not start out well.  I showed up for breakfast only to find I had to cool my heels in the parking lot until they opened at 7.  And they actually opened at 7:04.  And even then they really were not ready to serve customers.  I got my coffee fairly quick, then my orange juice, then my bread (muffin) and finally about 7:30 my breakfast entree.  The waitress even apologized for the excessive wait time.\n\nThe food itself was ok.  I had chicken fried steak, scrambled eggs, fruit and a muffin.  The muffin was applesauce something and was really good and huge.  The gravy was sort of thin.  None of the flavors stood out.  Being a little more expensive than some other breakfast spots I expected more taste.  That and being late/slow cost it a half star and in this case I chose to round down.
Kelly's Cajun used to be my number 2 favorite fast food in the valley. I'd regularly pick up a Blackened Chicken /  Honey Lemon Chicken combo after a long night evening in the lab at ASU. It was quick, the portions were extremely generous, and the Asian family that ran it was always friendly and acted like they were old friends whenever I'd drop by. \n\nUnfortunately the family that ran it is gone and the food has suffered for it. \n\nWhat was once a delectably spicy Cajun flavor on the blackened chicken, is now scaled back severely and is mild by comparision.  The garlic noodles were once actually garlicky are now just slippery and greasy. The Honey Lemon chicken is now overcooked and has lost nearly all of it's unique sweetness. The most egregious difference is that the new ownership has entirely removed the Cajun potatoes from the selection of sides available.\n\nIf I were to write this review a year ago, I would have agreed with the other review by W. It was a hidden gem in Arizona Mills mall. It's now just meh. I'm now looking for another spot to get my Cajun fix. Any suggestions?
"""M took T and I to the brand new Tempe Marketplace.  Walking through, it's such a scene: a place to see and be seen. That's great! A social and public space.  More places need to be like this.  In fact, it reminds me of the Irvine Spectrum more or less in Orange County.\n\nWe decided on Lucille's given time and that it seemed to be a good Arizona restaurant.  The irony: we learned that eight (8) of the 10 locations were located in California. Go figure.  We looked at the menu; we looked at the decor:  Joe's Crab Shack is to seafood as Lucille's is to BBQ.\n\nWe ordered a appetizer sampler, rib sampler, tri-tip wedge salad, and a bbq chicken salad. While I enjoyed the tri-tip salad, T stated the bbq flavor was nonexistent on her chicken salad.  Go figure.\n\nSo what do you expect from a chain?  It does its job to feed you and overstimulate you with decor and witty, though nice, staff and good, live music.  Don't mind the food, but the atmosphere is entertaining.  I really don't mind such places if I'm going there for happy hour or a quick meal - but you really shouldn't expect too much, it's a \chain.\"""""""""""
"""The salad in my sandwich was a great idea.  Lettuce, tomatoes, onion, pepperoncini tossed in balsamic vinegar, oh my, and then piled onto a fresh roll with ham and salami with mayo and mustard.  Not too bad, I must say.  It is, however, too bad the salami was a cheaper kind and not a dry Italian salami.  It kind of made the sandwich a little salty, but doo-able none the less.\n\nI ordered the pasta salad as a side.  I wont make that mistake again.  It's my understanding that pasta salad will be on the acidic side, usually involving vinegar of some kind.  This pasta salad was not acidic at all.  it included cabbage, carrots, sun-flower seeds and a taste that I still cant place.  It looked like it was a \bus-tub\"""" salad.  I took two bites and gave up, no sense in wasting calories.\n\nOverall, I think this place has potential, but my experience was nothing to write home about, sorry mom.\n\nFortunately for the rest of you . . . . I'm addicted sharing my experiences: be them bad, good or just so-so, lucky you!!"""""""
"""This place gets two stars not because it sucks, but just because it's very \meh\"""". I heard alot of hype about this place from friends and my Hispanic friends as well that kept calling this place the \""""Mexicans' Mexican restaurant\"""". Well, if that's the case, then clearly Mexican cuisine leaves much to be desired.\n\nI ordered a flauta dish that was large in portion size and skim on flavor. Like most Mexican food however, I felt like I was busting at the seams after I was walking out of the restaurant. One good thing I will say about this place though is that their chips and salsa are pretty good. In the end, I really don't know what was worse: my deflated expectations or my burning intestines the next morning."""""""
"""When I am craving Thai, nothing else will satisfy.  My friend and I visited Thai Basil as it was the closest Thai destination to her home, and I ordered my favorite dish of panang curry with shrimp...\n\nAnd I'll lay it on the line... it was pretty vile.  I'm shocked at the numerous five-star reviews I read of this particular location, because really this dish tasted nothing like the millions of other panang curries that I have tasted in my life. It was just so heavy on the peanut flavor, and utterly lacking in any other... and the shrimp were rubbery and almost inedible.  I hardly ate any, so my kind friend wrapped it up, and said excitedly, \You have an awesome lunch ready for work tomorrow!\"""" And I didn't have the heart to tell her that there was no way I'd be able to warm it up.\n\nIt's too bad... they were very friendly, it was reasonably priced, and it was a cute little place.  My dining partner seemed to enjoy her dish... maybe it was just a bad night for the curry."""""""
"""I guess we had been \built-up\"""" too much for this new restaurant on Greenfield in Mesa. There was TONS of teenage help, but the service was SLOW for as many staff as they had. My son wanted something else after he tried the Pot Roast sandwich, but when he ordered, it was wrong TWICE. I had to go up and find a \""""Manager\"""" who looked to be at least one year older than the rest to try and straighten it out. It took some time to get it right, but finally they wrapped their heads around it. A LARGE amount of grab-ass was going on between the girls and boys and the young man handling our food kept throwing it in the window and then retrieving it again, just to give it a harder toss to see if he could get the lid of the contained to pop open??? If you don't expect much, you probably won't be disappointed. Very standard fast food and service. The sides on my 2 pc cod dinner were cold and not appealing at all. We didn't get ice cream, but hear that it is good. Maybe next time."""""""
I wanted to go somewhere I've never been before. Gallo Blanco or The Parlor? I read great things about both places but I decided on The Parlor. Walking in this place made me think of the Vig because the decor is very similar.  The food and drink menu looked great.  I was really hungry and started out with the bruschetta and a watermelon agua. The drink was light and refreshing, not too sweet, and you can tell that they use fresh watermelon juice instead of that pucker crap. The bruschetta mix had a sweet taste to it that I didn't like but nothing that salt and pepper couldn't fix. My sister ordered the grinder and I ordered the pepperoni pizza because our waiter suggested it. I took a bite out of my sisters sandwich and it was very plain but the french fries were awesome. My pepperoni pizza was greasy and burnt. I wasn't impressed. The Parlor didn't live up to its hype and everything here looks great but doesn't deliver.
"""Great selection offset by their terrible customer service.\n\nI've been here a few times, usually to pick up some small thing or another. The first time, I was looking for a digital caliper and a very small allen wrench. I had to track down three employees before one knew how to look for it in the computer. One actually took me back to the aisle I was in, and said \Huh, it's not here.\"""" Ya think?!\n\nAfter the last time I went in, I won't be back. When I found the hardware employee (an older gentleman) and explained what I was looking for, he laughed at me and said he couldn't help. Several other employees walked by, none of them particularly concerned about anything. One was even holding his vest instead of wearing it. \n\nGo to ACE instead."""""""
Standard scottsdale decor and house music playing.....so I knew what to expect. Had pan fried pork potstickers. The wraps were straight up rubber. The filling was like well........wet cat food. I have personally wrapped a few thousand of theese AND cooked them and this was a poor attempt at best. Our food hit the table 30 secs later. Kudos the chef for the timing. Mongolian beef was good. I like the thick slices of beef but a little overkill on the scallions. Now desert. . Ugh.....flourless chocolate cake. Staight out of the box and fridge. No bueno. Not to mention our waitress said they messed it up 3 times in back. Then dumped an astoundingly gross amount of raspberry on plate and got it out 15 mins later. Our server was nice and did her job....and thanks to the bartender for the grasshoper! They are the only reason I gave 2 stars. Wont be back for that food at $14 bucks a plate! Im goin back to totties!
"""Ok, lets be honest. Casinos are places of desperation, seedy experiences, lost dreams, and just downright hilarity. I love casinos. I am in no way a compulsive gambler, addict, or junky of any sort so I feel my reviews of casinos can be quite frank and honest from an outsiders perspective.\n\nThis place sucks!!!\n\nIt is filled with people hooked up to respirators with their filthy wigs and blue hairs. There is nothing \bling\"""" about this place and its genuinely old, dirty, and depressing. \n\nThe slot machines are a haven for old timers to pump away their social security checks and their grandchildrens inheritance. The machines don't pay out and when you win more than 200 bucks it has to be hand delivered to you. \n\nIndians casinos always suck  - this place is no exception."""""""
"""El Hefe - Macho Taqueria. Man...\n\nAt first glance it looks like every stereotype you've ever heard about Scottsdale. At second glance you realize that it is, indeed, every stereotype you've heard about Scottsdale. It's a \Mexican Restaurant\"""", so when I was there I tried a few of their tacos that were on happy hour. I'm giving two stars because the duck taco that I had was pretty good, but once the food got to the table it took me 4 minutes to figure out which tacos were mine because of the way they present the food. More on this later. \n\nEl Hefe has a cool in-table tap system, where you pay at the table and can pour your own beer. When I saw this I liked it a lot, though they only offer two beers, and it's not cheap. After the \""""cool\"""" factor wears off, you realize that you're paying extra to pour your own beer. Not so cool. The upside is the fact that I get beers for myself much faster than the servers at El Hefe did for me. \n\nThe booth seats are covered in plastic, in the style of your great grandmother. This is assuming, of course, that your great grandmother commissioned Ed Hardy to design her living room group. The ambiance isn't my style, but I'm sure that a lot of people love it...The biggest issue I had is the way the food is brought to the table. They start you with chips and salsa. It seems hard to screw up chips and salsa, but it happened here. The salsa comes in small jars that are downright weird, and they make dipping your chip absolutely impossible. You need to be a salsa MacGyver to figure out how to get the right amount of salsa on your chip...It's strange. After pushing some salsa around with a chip on a small plate for a while, our food arrived. Apparently, when you order tacos, they come 5-6 at a time, placed on wooden slabs that are roughly the size of a Las Vegas buffet. Our server couldn't remember who's tacos were who's, so we played a game of musical tacos (and wooden slabs) until we all figured out what we'd ordered. When a group of 4-5 orders 10+ tacos, you end up with 2-3 giant wooden slabs on your table and a very confusing family style presentation. \n\nLike I said before, the duck taco I had was pretty good, and I hear good things about the BeerRita. However, unless I'm dragged against my will by a large group of people, I don't see myself returning to El Hefe anytime soon."""""""
"""Groupon: Fail. New York: Fail. Deli: Fail. I am pretty sure most New Yorkers would try this place an tell you to Fugeddaboutit and leave it at that but a yelper shares.\n\nI judge a deli on a few things: the meat, the bread, the sides. Being jewish and from the east coast I hold \new york\"""" deli's to a higher standard and judge them on corned beef/pastrami, potato salad, rye bread and pickles. You get those right you have a happy camper, wrong and i'm cranky. I got the I Love New York which is Corned Beef and Pastrami with Swiss and spicy mustard on Rye, probably my favorite sandwich and potato salad anda  kosher pickle.\n\nLets start with the main course it was fair and that is being very favorable. The meats were a bit overcooked but nice and hot and had decent flavored and the pastrami had a good amount of pepper to it (which i like). However it was very greasy and soaked the bread and made it slick...not good. The bread itself wasn't bad just generic rye you would buy on the shelf at any grocery. There also wasn't enough mustard on it or much meat probably double the bread to meat on a $9 sandwich. Compared to Chompies where its a nice thin slice of rye and piles of meat. Overall edible but not that enjoyable.\n\nNow the sides where I decided this place struck out like A-rod in the playoff's. I have never had potato salad that was so bland. I am normally not a huge fan of white potato salad but i do enjoy it. This was probably less exciting to my taste buds than a baked potato with no toppings. I tried dumping on pepper to no avail. Next was the pickle which was a whole \""""kosher dill\"""" and from a new york deli i expect something a bit more more than vlassic out of a jar but that is exactly what i got.\n\nFor the money (and for the record i spent $2 on the groupon) this place just doesn't cut the mustard (pun intended). Better options exists for this stuff like Chompies or Goldman's Deli up in scottsdale."""""""
I went about 2 weekends ago for the first time with my husband and a few friends, all adults that do not have kids. I was very shocked at the price of admission and games, being that Castles N Coasters has very few rides and a so-so mini golf area. \nThe atmosphere was mixed, children playing along side adults. I would almost have peed my pants when I saw how many wonderful arcade games there were inside the two-storied gaming area, but then I got a whiff of the odor.......something of a mix of B.O. and feet? In addition, I was doing great on 2 different games, still on my first 2 credits on each, when kids literally pushed me out of the way, exclaiming it was their turn!!!! \nIf you are like me and my group, childless with little patience for kids, this is not the place for you. Splurge on the more adult friendly Jillian's and grab a beer for me there while you're at it. On the other hand the food was cheap and descent and, the kids seem to love this place. There must be something to it, right?!
"""I actually yelped this restaurant from my brunch table and my blackberry wouldn't post the review.  So, will try to capture the original intensity of the yelp.  I still love my blackberry and maintain it is better than iPhone, by the way!\n\nAnyway, anyone who knows me well appreciates the importance of toast in my life.  When I moved to Phoenix to work for a catholic hospital, my best friend bought me a \Jesus toast\"""" stamp which puts an imprint of the Mary which appears better when the bread is toasted.  I guess she wanted me to fit in.\n\nSo when I told my waiter I was having a \""""bad toast experience\"""" and he blew me off, you can imagine the impact.  I ordered the oatmeal as well as the basket of toasted willow breads served with a variety of jellies, Nutella, honey etc.  My oatmeal came out with over-buttered, grilled bruschetta-style toast; that's it--a plate with a bowl of oatmeal and 3 pieces of bread.  I asked for flatware, then brown sugar and milk, then inquired about my basket of willow bread.  The waiter said, \""""this is the toast that comes with your meal.  I reminded him of my order and he brought me some jam.  I decided to stop complaining (cus I had been making ridiculous requests like being served what I ordered and having utensils).  I put jam on the \""""toast\"""" and it literally tasted like they had grilled it in bacon grease.  Meanwhile the table next to us (the only other occupied table in the restaurant at 10 am on a beautiful Sunday) was getting their cranberry walnut and sourdough bread, perfectly toasted with all the accompaniments.  I told the waiter I wanted toast like theirs and that mine tasted like pork (still a veggie after 25 years) and he said again, \""""this is the toast that comes with your meal\"""".  My friend was getting embarrassed, so I gave it up and left.  How hard is it to bring a girl a new piece of bread?\n\nOk, now all the anger is stirred up... I must say that My florist is one of my fav weeknight spots and their pianist is first rate-amazing.  She truly plays from her soul and her personality shines through in her interpretations of classic songs.  I have been there since the \""""toast experience\"""", but make my friend arrive first to look for the waiter with the ponytail!"""""""
The BF and I went here this morning after thinking about trying this place for awhile. Let me start by saying that in order to look at their menu online you need to download adobe reader and even then, no prices are listed. That was my first semi complaint, but I figured it would be good, so I shouldn't worry too much about that. So we got there at around noon and the place is cute, big patio and all. We were seated and got water from the very nice bus boy who works there. Our waiter came by and we both ordered coffee, I got the fire island eggs and the BF got the biscuits and gravy. When we got our coffee we were assured that the food would be out shortly. Well...I don't know what shortly means to them, but we waited a good 20 minutes or so for our food. Not so awesome. The BF's coffee was empty for about 10 minutes of this time with no offer to refill and no one around to ask. We get our food and mine was alright...it's chicken in a cream cheese semi spicy sauce on 'pizza' bread (kind of thick...not really crusty, but whatever). The flavor was just very one dimensional and the dish got boring after the first few bites....it was kind of too rich, which isn't something I would generally say. The BF's biscuits and gravy were not good. He said they tasted like a pizza hut meat lover's pizza. The biscuits were not light or flaky and the gravy was just one note...spicy. Plus, the gravy tasted the same as the potatoes that came with it (kind of like peppers)....so it was a big plate of one flavor, and not even a very good flavor. Additionally, and not necessarily the restaurant's fault, there were tons of flies around....they kept landing on our cups and it was somewhat annoying...maybe the trash needs to be taken out more often? Or maybe it's because people had their dogs at this restaurant, which I think is somewhat gross...I don't know, just not so pleasant. So the waiter comes by and takes the plates away and then we sit and wait...and wait...and wait for our check. I don't really understand this because I would think that he would have wanted the check as soon as possible, but maybe he knew he did a poor job and had given up on our table. Either way, after ten more minutes or so we got the check and paid cash to avoid the inevitable long wait if paying with a credit card. The total was 27$...that's pretty pricey considering the quality of this meal...feels like a waste of money to me. So if you like having all of your food taste like peppers and that's it and over paying for that experience....this is the place for you, otherwise, I'd say skip this place.
I've been in this store several times but I've never bought a thing.  It's the kind of place you could go into and buy a cheap accessory to match your outfit, but it's not necessarily the best quality.  They have jewelry, purses, shoes, other accessories and clothing.  I have to admit, it looks kind of cheap, but could probably dress up the right outfit.\n\nI believe they have 2 other locations opening soon (perhaps Mesa and Chandler).\n\nNothing special, but lots to choose from!
As Arik mentioned in his review, this place can make some good pies. If you're looking to pick up a pie or grab some dessert, this spot can be a good option.\n\nAs far as dining here for lunch or dinner, it's nuthin special. American cuisine with no real surprises. They have an ok salad bar & can have some good soups (cheesy potato!) on hand, depending on what they made that particular day.\n\nThey have just about zero vegetarian entree options on the menu. If you're a veg head dragged along to this place for a meal, you'll probably have to custom order some pasta with veggies or get creative in another manner. I'll be trying my best to avoid the place for meals, but meat-eaters might find something enjoyable...
"""Very good margaritas (although tough to discern quality after your first one is down the hatch) and pretty nice guacamole... sorry, but I make it better. The first time I went to this place, I felt it was an amazing experience, and by far the best chicken tortilla soup I have ever had, followed by one of the best carne asada plates I have ever had as well. So I recommend it for a business outing, which gets everyone excited. Drinks are fine, orders are taken and the guacamole begins to get prepared table side. As soon as we begin to dive into the guac, the soup arrives. One of our guests was in the restroom, and his soup was served while he was away. BAD, BAD waiter. Hot, cold, warm dish... whatever, you do not serve an empty seat. \n\nWhile enjoying our soup, entrees come out and were placed right next to our arms on sizzling hot plates. No one was even half way through their soup. I was furious and felt obligated to quickly shovel my soup so I could bring the dinner plate to my front and eat. \n\nOur waiter came over to clear the soup bowls and asked how dinner was and if he could bring anything. \How about desert right now\"""" I remarked, and unfortunately, he did not get the sarcasm. \n\nFood = 4 stars \nService = 0 stars"""""""
"""Terrible service!!!! If you want to wait years for your food only to get the order messed up, please eat here.  Or, you may have items completely forgotten. Find something you love and can't live without, like one of the signature rolls or martinis? Well they won't be the same the next time you come. \n    We've eaten here several times and each time, the rolls have either gotten smaller, were missing some key element (i.e. sauce) or never showed up altogether. Martinis have been the same way. I understand this is a new restaurant and they are trying out new things, but come on.  \n     They also have this reverse happy hour where your bill is 50% off.  The food should NOT reflect this discount. We have dined here both during the reverse happy hour and at full price times, and the food definitely decreases in quality. \n     After giving it one last shot, we were once again disappointed with the service. The owner's wife has been nice up until now. They are clearly understaffed and it's difficult for them to keep orders straight. My husband had a piece of ginger in his drink, and it wasn't even comped! He was actually charged for the one she replaced!  When questioned about it, she had the nerve to ask if he was sure he hadn't had the extra drink. We were also charged for sauce that last time had come with a roll, and when he asked about it he was told it was \decoration, and what's the big deal, we are getting 50% off anyway.\"""" Upon hearing that, after having sat for half an hour waiting for food that was never on it's way in the first place, we were pretty annoyed. On our way out she was rude again. We never would recommend this place to anyone, sad since it does have good food most of the time, when they can get the orders straight and make things as described on the menu. \n     We won't be dining there again. Try Ra or Tanked Fish. The people there make the effort to please the customer, and they aren't even the owners."""""""
I was so happy to find a boba place right around the corner so I wouldn't have to drive several miles to Lee Lee's or Asiana if I didn't feel like making my own.  I requested an iced soy latte boba (like I used to get from my old fave Eba Cafe) but they couldn't make a latte.  I settled for an iced green tea with boba (brewed, not powder). \n\nThe boba had a nice, chewy texture but was totally flavorless.  They were also skimpy on the amount of boba that went in the cup.  The tea itself was bitter (my guess is that they let it brew too long).  All in all, I wasted my five bucks on that and won't be going back again.
I was very disappointed by my last 2 visits here. On one visit I was served cold beans and rice, like from the fridge cold. It took almost 20 minutes to get new beans and rice, and they were still barely warm. No apology, no nothing.\n\nWent again to get my favorite chicken mole tacos, and they were barely warm. My husband had their marinated shredded pork in a burrito and got sick after taking the first bite. This must be an acquired taste, it was gross, really gross. Then I found what looked like a gray slimy booger in my rice. When I pointed it out to the server he took my plate away and came back saying it was an onion!! No way was that an onion, or even a close relative of an onion. No apology, no asking if i want something else, he just came over, slammed the bill down and said we didn't charge you for your food, so don't worry about it, and walked away. \n\nI know mistakes happen, but own up to it, and at least TRY to make the customer feel good about the situation.
"""Really loved the Dr. but the hygenist we saw (both times with my older daughter-age 6) highly encouraged me to \wait in the waiting room\"""" while she took her away for procedures because \""""kids do better when parents aren't around\"""". I wouldn't allow it- but think some parents may not know that they can and should ask to be present during medical exams/procedures involving their children. The hygenist's here need a little training on \""""family centered care\"""" and need to put their own conveniences to the side and not act as if parents are in the way. Cute, kid friendly environment- but the staff needs to match the decor."""""""
I've never checked in at this airport, restricted entirely to layovers. What stands out, however, is how many fellow fliers I spend time with complain about the check-in service and security. I don't know what's going on from that side, but I hear it time and again.\n\nFrom my side, I can't help but notice that I have to change gates nearly every flight thru there. Since I'm usually sleeping, I've been lucky to wake up shortly before the announcement with time to make the gate-change. As has been noted in other reviews, the terminals are far apart and gate changes can be rather drastic.\n\nOne big positive is the lack of arm rests on the seats. This makes it real easy for a peep to catch up on some quality nappage. There are also a lot of places to eat or drink at, all with the standard airport mark-up but with at least some variety. This 'port makes for an acceptable layover, but I've so far been able to avoid checking in here and suggest the same.
"""Beer selection was excellent. Service was abysmal. The girl working the bar was one of the rudest bartenders I've met. I asked what stouts were on tap, she just pointed at the sign that was scrawled in faint chalk. I can't read in dim light, unfortunately. I apologized and said I couldn't read it, my eyes aren't that good. She said \Well, you'll just have to move closer then\"""" and then ignored me to help someone else.\n\nI moved closer to the sign, but that didn't help that I couldn't read it in the dim light. I went back and said \""""If you would, please just pick any stout on tap.\"""" She grabbed the smallest glass she could find and filled it with the most expensive stout she could find. I won't go back. Every other brewpub I've gone to has been friendly and helpful, but she made certain that I'll never go to Taste of Tops again."""""""
I was a fan of this restaurant until this morning.    A few weeks back -- at the end of a morning run --  I saw that True Foods was open for breakfast.    I've stopped there sporadically and I've been, well, underwhelmed.     I liked the carrot bread well enough to return since it was moist and had good ingredients.     I tried the muffin that was second on the list and found it so forgettable I can't remember the ingredients.   \n\nToday was the worst.     I stopped by for carrot bread to go.    When I got home, I realized it was stale.    Dry.    Hard.    I should have returned it but needed to get my day going.    \n\nSo, instead I am warning fellow Yelp-ers who order any baked goods:    Check when it was made.
"""The location was great, hopefully an up and coming area of downtown Phoenix. We were there for happy hour and were very dissapointed. While our waiter was very friendly, he never came back to check on us once. The fondue that was raved about was mediocre at best. It was lukewarm and tasted like processed cheese. The \famous\"""" onion dip tastes just like Lipton Soup Mix... good, but not famous. The chips were very good. \nWe won't be going back, except for maybe just a beer."""""""
"""Gross. I-mart has now expanded to include a restaurant just a few doors down from the market. Wise decision, because the market part smells whack. It is pretty obvious and common knowledge that they cut their meat in the back of the store. I suppose the market and restaurant deserve their own review, but I think its the same rating, I'll just merge them.\n\nThe market has your basic Indo-Pak foods. Don't confuse the owner for an Indian or Paki though, he's from Bangladesh. He's an extremely nice guy, but I feel like every since he moved from Tempe, near ASU, his store has just lost substance. If you need to buy substantial amounts of halal meat I suggest you go elsewhere, probably Baiz Market would be a good idea. The meat here is very inconsistent. He's got your basic Shan masala amongst other odd brands. Of course he has asian rice and everything else you'd really expect from this type of store. The mango juices he stocks are weird, but he has some Pakistani soda, Pakola. That's pretty cool.\n\nThe restaurant should be avoided. My fellow Indo-Pak friends rave about this place all the time, but I don't think they know any better. I walked in and the owner was taking orders... I was slightly confused and surprised (today was the first time I went to the restaurant). I thought to myself, \Hey man, he's usually at the store cuttin' my meat, what the heck is he doing here?\"""" He must have made the food, because when he disappeared again he didn't reappear until my food was ready. My friends had bought me a tandoori chicken wrap, I'm being very ungrateful, but it was not enjoyable at all. The naan was obviously microwaved a few seconds too long, because by the time I got to it it was like chewing on plastic. Taking bites out my 'wrap' was just painful. I'm sad because the filling was actually pretty good, but how can you overmicrowave naan to that point? It's like overmicrowaving your hotpocket (just follow the damn directions).\n\nThe owner clearly wants to retire soon, he first moved from the ASU location to a much smaller store, and now he is barely focusing on the store. To make things worse, he decided to open up a restaurant. If you could compare this place to a legit Indo-pak restaurant, it'd be something like comparing Filiberto's to Chipotle. Everyone likes Chipotle, but only some people can stand Filiberto's."""""""
"""Driven by this restaurant and figured I had to give it a try...and was absolutely disappointed. The owners have done a great job of decorating the interior, and the touches are modern (cucumber slices in the water, service bar, etc)...but for good authentic Thai food, this is not the place. The service staff was two Asian ladies that were very friendly...but with the open kitchen in the back, I could clearly see that the cooks were two Mexican guys. Mexican guys making \authentic\"""" Thai food? Hoping for the best, I ordered the Basil Chicken with vegetables (along with Pad Thai, this is probably the most basic, common Thai dish). However, this was disappointing, as the food lacked Thai flavor, the chicken was overcooked, and instead of having good Asian flavor...was simply spicy. Very disappointed. The Pad See-iew was ok, but acceptable at best. \nPrices are generally $12-18 for dinner menu, so not the cheapest of Thai restaurants. Lunch specials were $8 or so.\nLooking at the menu, definitely an interesting menu of salads and soups that sounds good...so if you're someone that thinks Pei Wei is authentic Asian food, this is your spot. Good service, cute decor, great spot for a work lunch. But if you're about the authenticity and quality of the food, try the nearby Thai Lahna or La's Thai."""""""
Normally I would give Melting Pot a 5 star but our dinner tonight was just okay.  Our server was slower then normal.  We know to plan a couple of hours for dining at the Melting Pot...and that is one of the reasons we love it but 3 hours was a bit long. \n\nI could even live with the three hours but what really got me in the end was the dessert...which if you read the reviews is what they are known for.  After much debate we ordered the Turtle fondue.  After placing the chocolate/caramel  mixture on our table I asked about the pecans...which I was then informed by the server...oh we're out of pecans!  REALLY...that would have been good information when we ordered the Turtle fondue.  Then she charged us $2.00 extra for another cheesecake.  Maybe you should have went ahead and gave us the extra cheesecake since you were out of pecans for our TURTLE chocolate fondue. \n\nIt wasn't our first rodeo at this establishment.  We go every year for our anniversary...I think next year we will find a new spot.
Drinks were good and the service prompt and friendly. Concept has potential with the idea of Asian food in a sports bar rather unique. But the Vietnamese part of the menu disappoints with a sampling of various appetizers providing frozen food aisle quality. There's definitely something fun in a place like this. If the menu aspired to compete at a level closer to food found at various Vietnamese restaurants in Chandler, there would be more temptation to eat here. But from a dining perspective, fusion/confusion may be the takeaway.
"""I do love the food and the servers are wonderful...during the week day, at lunch, the music was so loud that I could hardly hear my guest...the people at the table next to us commented as well....the lunch crowd is not there for cocktails and partying.  The music consisted of a heavy beat and electric guitar..not condusive to a nice lunch background music....went to Switch for lunch instead of Windsor..since the server at Windsor said he 'tried to tell the manager...but...\.  Windsor should take a lesson from Switch regarding the background music...love the place and will try again but if the music is as 'heavy and loud', I will make the 'Switch'  and my guests the place for lunch! Please wake up management and turn the music down for the lunch crowd...!!!!"""""""
GREAT atmosphere. Its fantastic. Good olive oils and some really yummy tapenaudes.\n\nThats about where it ends.\n\nWe ate at the little restaurant inside today. The food was like what you'd expect when ordering from a cafeteria style restaurant. My sandwich tasted like it could have been sitting out for 2-3hrs. I had the roast beef, wife had the BLT special.\n\nBoth sandwiches we found to be very VERY dry. Had to go order some extra mayo to soften them up. They come with some dry kettle style chips.\n\nTo add insult to injury, the sandwiches are served as if we are ordering off the seniors menu. TINY. \n\nWe tried the Gelato. Its Albertos brand so it was fine. \n\nAt $9 a sandwich, I expected better. \n\nI cant honestly find the allure of the food of this place! im sorry but all  of my reviews are 100% honest and we eat out all the time, literally 3-4x a week. I have no reason to leave BS overhyped reviews for restaurants like this. NOT IN THIS ECONOMY.\n\nAlso keep in mind btw, this restaurant does not have servers.
service and quality are unreliable\n\ni went after having given up on paying for haircuts and doing my own hair for several years and found an amazing guy who was very focused, friendly, very good at figuring out what i wanted and what would look good, and i left with a great experience and an amazing haircut. Sadly, you cannot request a hairdresser (as I was rudely told) \n\nNext I got a disinterested girl who seemed like she was trying to get me over with asap (even though it was mid-morning and the place was empty). she didn't smile once and didn't say anything. I got a generic trim that wasn't what i asked for. Thanks for taking the time to bother! I think i'll stick to doing my own hair again.
I liked the old airport better.  I hate large, hard to navigate, walk forever to get to your gate airports.  My parents and I once didn't find each other till an hour after I landed because it was so big and confusing.  My parents always hated that there was ALWAYS construction going on there and it kept changing so you could never be sure the route you took one time would work the next time you went.  It was almost easier to just drive there from San Diego than to fly.
"""I was really looking forward to trying this place out. I love their restaurant ! But I was disappointed. The concept is great ! I love the house rules and the \call us and we'll come get you\"""" . But it is not as charming inside. It was way too bright for a lounge but overall cute space. The drink menu (which you can only order from) is nice but really doesn't cater to those that don't like sweet drinks. I personally will have one , maybe two of the cocktails on the list but then I won't want any more. too sweet, too fancy. I like my liquor simple. Now, if you have a professional mixologist there - wouldn't it be great to tell him/her what I usually drink and they will create a new cocktail for me based on that instead of making me leave the place beacuse I don't like their cocktails? It also takes long for some of the drinks, they should mark those that take 10 minutes to \""""cook\"""".\nOur cocktail waitress was very nice and friendly and the mixologist definitely knows what he's doing. \nThey charge a 20% service fee that our waitress explained to us goes to everybody else and now much to her... NOT okay. Charge me more per drink. Don't charge me %20 service and then I'll have to tip over that.\nOverall I guess good idea, great concept. Wrong execution."""""""
At least the bar service was good... it's one thing if they're understaffed but when the waitress avoids making eye contact as we're waving our arms (yes we were being rude, it had been over an hour with no service) it is ruder. Communication could have solved this problem. I wish we had left  because the food was gross. The ingredients weren't fresh or flavorful, everything was below average. If I had to go back, I'd only go for happy hour wine.
"""I'm sure I will be losing my Duchess status of Spoonz soon.  I have been going less and less over the last couple months, and they are housed on the lobby level of my building.\n\nThe service has been just ok since Vita left.  The owner (female) is really unpleasant and doesn't seem to be happy about being there.\n\nThe Scottsdale panini is decent, although the quality of the chicken seems a little lowered recently.  The owner (male) once told my coworker and I  that they cook the meat offsite and simply heat it back up at Spoonz.  Something about not having a proper oven/grill? \n\nAn ex employee of Spoonz was an incredible pastry chef and made amazing desserts.  Not sure how the treats are now, as I'm skeptical there's a bunch of \boxed\"""" desserts.\n\nFor coffee, I'd rather walk a few hundred yards more for Starbucks.\n\nWow, this review really is quite negative.  Spoonz is good when you're in a pinch downtown.  I doubt people are going too far out of their way to come here."""""""
You most likely will not agree with us on this one but that's OK and I say that because of the Yelp Rating and the crowd I saw while dining here my Yelp is being based on two lunches .\n\nAs soon as we were seated we received a bowl of chip crumbs that were dripping with oil and a small dish of what I think was sweet and sour sauce the color was  red .\n\nNext came our cup of soup and we both picked Egg Drop the soup was actually very good and fresh and  that made me think our meals would be great !\n\nSoon our meals came and they were VERY LARGE and also came with egg rolls and fried wantons both were fried to a cigar color I didn't eat them and steamed white rice (the rice was good) But my meal called Amazing Chicken had this sauce on it that tasted like sweet and sour sauce mixed with wing sauce and I tried to eat it but after a few pieces I lost my appetite and it is a shame because the vegetables were fresh and nice , the chicken was tender juicy not spongy it was cooked nice but that sauce killed the dish for me .\n\nMy husband didn't care for the sauce that came on his lotus dish but I think he didn't care for the fried rice even more because he thought it was rice with basically just soy sauce . \n\nNobody checked on us .\n\nWhen the busboy noticed our pushed away plates he didn't even ask if I wanted to take it with me...guess he knew I didn't
Like all Fox restaurants (except the new Culinary Dropout at Scottsdale Waterfront), this resturant is just ok, but not great. Starting with the decor, the restaurant is light and airy, with huge windows and lots of patio seating, which is nice. However, the decor reminded me more of a yacht club in the Hamptons than a spot in Mexico. Another big plus is that the hostess (who was friendly and upbeat) gives you a white or black napkins, depending on what you're wearing. I know this seems like a small thing, but if you've ever been given a white napkin while wearing black pants, you'll know the anguish it causes.\nTo the food: As I said above, the food is good not great, but like all Sam Fox restaurants, its overpriced. Its not offensively bad, but its not Arizona mexican. There is just no excuse for serving mediocre Mexican food in Arizona, and this is the reason why I would not recommend Blanco. There are tons of great places in this city to try for upscale Mexican food- Barrio Cafe, and Gallo Blanco are my favorites. The salsa was the worst offender. Serving salsa that tastes like Pace Picante canned salsa is not only unforgiveable, but sets the meal off on a bad foot.\nTry again Sam Fox.
This review is for Terminal 2  - otherwise known as the 9th level of hell.  \r\n\r\nSky Harbor has several terminals and I have always passed through the main (America West) terminal in my travels to and from Phoenix.  It can get crowded, but hey, it's an airport.  Get used to it.\r\n\r\nTerminal 2 however, 'home' to Continental and United Express flights, is the most abysmal place I've seen in a long time.  The 'security' guard I had to pass in order to get to the metal detectors was more interested in her split ends than in looking at my photo ID or checking that it actually matched the name on the ticket.  The Express flight gates are all housed in a small separate building that one must walk through an outdoor area in order to reach.  The entire terminal smells vaguely of mildew and disuse.  And all but one of the eating establishments is either boarded up or roped off and the place that is open...ewww.  \r\n\r\nI ordered a pastrami and swiss from the less-than-friendly counter person and after discussing the appropriate change I should have received back for my $20 bill, I traveled down the smeared glass to pick up my to-go sandwich.  Which had morphed into ham.  I didn't order ham. Well the ticket says sandwich special and that's ham.  Excuse me, but your board says 'special Pastrami and Swiss or Ham and Swiss' and I did not order ham - I don't EAT ham.  Sandwich maker goes down the line to have discussion with counter-person.  I wait.  Impatiently.  I am exceedingly hungry as well as minorly hung-over and I just want my *&$%(#$&  food.  Finally, I get my pastrami and swiss on (grudgingly admitted) good rye bread.\r\n\r\nOne star for the friendly sky-cap who took my luggage (OUTSIDE the terminal) and one star for the good bread.  Otherwise, if you must travel through this airport, take America West.
"""First impression, the place looked really nice.  It smelled authentically Chinese too.\n\nBut ultimately it's about the food and that's why it gets 2 stars.  Small portions, high prices and frankly, weak food with poor service are a bad combo.\n\nThe Kung Pao was unlike any I've had before.  Hard, small, dry, fried bits of chicken with some peanuts and a half pound of dried red peppers with no sauce and no veggies was somethng I'd not like to have again.  \n\nThe black bean chicken, had no veggies and the sauce was thick and gelatinous; almost slimy.  In fact it was so gelatinous, after a few minutes it actually acquired the semi-solid jiggle of actual Jello. \nIt should be called corn starch chicken, not black bean chicken.\n\nThe service was uncomfortable and odd.  It was a farily dead Sunday afternoon,  yet the bartender dropped and broke three items at 3 different times while we were there.\n\nSomeone, a manager looking guy, was yelling from the kitchen to the bar (all the tables are located in between there) asking who had his Sharpie.\n \nMy daughter asked if she could substitute plain noodles for rice with her kids meal and the waiter just said \No.\""""   Then later he mumbled some comment about \""""everything being pre-portioned\""""\n\nPre-portioned?  Is this just microwave food?  A Chinese place that doesn't have any \""""unpackaged\"""" noodles??\n\nAt $55 for 2 chicken entrees,  2 dinky kids meals and 2 iced teas with nothing else, I was robbed!\n\nThen my biggest pet peeve- the 20 minute disappearing act after they cleared our plates and we confirmed we didn't want anything else. Meanwhile the waiter walked around looking busy and doing nothing while avoiding eye contact and not giving us our check.\n \nHonestly, It just made me crave some superior Chinese fare, along the likes of Panda Express. \n\nPei Wei and Changs? You can laugh this challenge off."""""""
Can i just say, i hate everything about this store. If youre too lazy to go to goodwill and dig it out yourself for a third of the price, then i guess this is the place for you.  \n\nIf you are trying to sell anything, good luck.  Their askew sense of fashion will make most of your goods obsolete unless its tacky 80's regurgitation.  The chick actually told me that the band t-shirts i was trying to pawn were too outdated while i had a bay city rollers  and rockos modern life shirt in my hand off their rack.\n\nThey are incredibly overpriced, the staff has an elitist air for some reason (which you think would be hard to pull off in a tutu, leggings, and cowboy boots).\n\nSaving grace, they have some killer old punk and skateboarding t-shirts on the cheap for guys and gals. But the only time i even go here is when the boyfriend decides to go thru eastside records vinyl catalog in its entirity. \n\nits like a plato's closet for lady gaga.
Pita Jungle in general gets 4 stars, this location gets 2. This location at night is packed. The tables are always so close together and they pack 3 million people in a relatively small area. Its on the border of a fire hazard. I would rather have some space and have to wait for a table, then to be packed like sardines. The loud music on the weekend is annoying. The food is phenomenal, but try the Mesa or Gilbert location.
"""-The owner (man) was VERY friendly.\n\n-Some Chinese Woman (the owner's wife?)...NOT friendly! She gave me the impression that I was bothering her for coming in to eat there! There were like 3 or 4 other tables in the whole place.\n\n-The Food: Not so great...the chicken was mostly small almost chopped chicken chunks...dry too, maybe from overcooking?\n\n-Flavor: Ick! I didn't care for the food, thought it was bland.\n\n-Beef dish, not much beef...mostly veggies vs the meat ratio...$8.95. Not a good value.\n\n-I said \thank-you\"""", as I left...the Chinese Woman looked at me and said nothing, then she walked away....nice!\n\n-Parking is convenient.\n\n-With the un-friendly Chinese Woman and not so great food, there are many other Chinese restaurants that I would select over Wongs."""""""
"""I think the \Soup Nazi\"""" runs the counter service. \n\nYes, it's always good to find a good Jewish deli, especially here in Phoenix. And maybe a little big city attitude adds to the ambiance. But is it necessary to provide such rude counter service? Maybe it's cultural? Maybe this place is owned and operated by the \""""Soup Nazi\"""" from Seinfield? \n\nI tried to place a big order for my mother-in-law's birthday party. I wanted mini deli sandwiches, mixed fruit salad, chocolate covered strawberries, and mini cupcakes. The guy at the counter told me, in no uncertain terms, that I had it all wrong. You don't want mini deli sandwiches; you want whole ones, cut in half. You don't want mixed fruit salad, you want crudit\u00e9, you don't want chocolate covered strawberries, they're too messy and expensive, you don't want mini cupcakes, and you want a regular sized cake. Really??? Then he quoted me a ridiculously high price. So what did I do? I politely told him that I'd think about it and quickly went to nearby Fry's (grocery store) and placed the exact order I wanted. I admit that Fry's catering food was a (smidgen) below the deli quality. But given the greatly reduced price (half?) and the customer service, I'm gonna stick with Fry's Food Stores. \n\nGuess it's a good thing I didn't try to order soup for the party. Surely the Chompies guy would have scowled and told me, \""""No soup for you.\"""""""""""
We selected Swan Thai based on it's good ratings here on Yelp.  Oops.  As a someone who's traveled in Thailand, and loves good Thai, I was disappointed in the food.  \n\nBoth the fried rice on my husband's dish, and the stir fried noodles in my selection, had a strong, fishy smell and taste.  Neither of us finished our meal, it was that bad.  The waitress did offer to bring us something else but we declined, suspecting everything would have the same flavor.\n\nOn a positive note, the dumpling appetizer was tasty, well prepared and presented with color.  The sauce was spicy and full flavored.\n\nGiven the number of restaurants in the area, I won't go back to see if other dishes might be better.
Uninspiring. Good location though, right down the street from the game stop where I took my son before coming here and surprise surprise half the people I saw at the game stop were here which allowed me to further cement my point. See, if all you do is eat crap and play video games all day you will end up like all the fat losers in this place. Menu was extremely limited. Better like canes sauce or ketchup because those are your choices. The Cole slaw was sloppy and smelled and tasted like it was made with elmers glue. The chicken was freshly cooked though....
We've eaten here twice, and while we enjoyed our meals, we will not go back.  The service was slow both times, and during our second experience it took two and a half hours from the time we sat down until we left -- and  they neglected to give us their complementary signature cotton candy, which we decided against mentioning for fear that would add thirty minutes to our detainment.\n\nSimilar experiences were reported by friends who had the kitchen under then overcook some fish.  An apology pasta dish to tide the diner over made it's way onto the bill.  \n\nWhile I really want to help keep our independent restaurateurs in business, I'd rather spend my money at Tuck Shop than here.
Phoenix (PHX) is my most dreaded lay-over airport.  It is the last airport I want to find myself when enduring a delayed flight, missed connection, or inexplicable airline misfortune.  The restaurant selections are limited.  The available stores are few and far between (especially, if you need to pick up a spare power cord or other electronic device).  Power outlets are a rarity.  Internet connection is sporadic and sparse.  There is simply no refuge when you just want to escape.  Let's hope this is the last.  Particularly since I hope to never fly US Airways again.  [Last Visit: December 17, 2010]
"""The new \Pischke's Blue Ribbion\"""" is a cleaner, updated, reinvented \""""Pischke's\""""... and it really blows! It is overpriced and boring!\n\nThere is NO POINT in keeping the \""""Pischke's\"""" name on this place whatsoever! I know tragedy struck this place once, and now it has again, with the complete disembowelment of what \""""Pischke's\"""" was all about! \n\nIt was a Scottsdale ledgend, it was a chill place to grab breakfast and work on the ol' hangover, it was actually perfect the way it was...\n\nToo bad."""""""
The rooms and the property are GORGEOUS!  Lots of local wildlife to see.  Polite enough staff, though one of the valets was a little rude and yelled at me when I opened my car door to wave to someone I was meeting telling me to stay with my car.  But I was quickly over that.  I have a greater issue with the Talavera restaurant on the property.  \n\nThe restaurant is over designed to the point it insults the guest.  The eclectic old southwest look is nice to look at but they completely forgot about function!!  Case in point is that all of their tables have a HUGE bulky pedestal base. This base means that if a lady is wearing a fitting dress or skirt she has to sit very far back from the table and is banging her knees into the awful thing.  Another option is to hike the skirt way up and straddle the thing.  Either way it is uncomfortable and not what you expect when you spend $50+ per plate.  The menu is handed to you on a wooden plank that is awkward to handle.  Plates, serving cast iron pans, faux-recycled (look it but are not) butter dishes and everything else at this place is all style and no substance.  Just plain awkward and uncomfortable.  When you are here you really just want to finish up and leave.  \n\nThen on to the food.  The food is completely uninspired.  I would expect some local flavor but there was none.  It is steaks and seafoods which are ok. with side dishes that are completely insulting.  They combine a bunch of fancy sounding stuff but the outcome is a barely palatable failure.  Their corn side dish was served semi cold and tastes like it has lemon in it.  Actually I think lemon is probably the secret in everything.  I have had cilantro lime roasted corn before and that was spectacular.  This lukewarm, not really roasted corn with lemon juice and maybe some olive oil or something on it was mediocre at best.  The flat iron steak was fine but not spectacular.  The kale side was sour and not good, also served fairly cool.  Their rolls were served hot and those were tasty though they would have been better off making the butter salted butter rather than sweet butter with huge salt chunks which were again just awkward.  \n\nI'm not trying to nit pick but truly when I say awkward, I'm trying to highlight how this combination of awkwardness makes the dining experience less than spectacular and came across as almost insulting.  As if the kind of people who stay at this kind of resort are so stupid that you can throw anything with a fancy name at them and they are supposed to rave about it.
I won't ever go back to this place!\n\nI was looking for a steakhouse to take my friend out for her birthday.  I wanted to take her to some place nice with good food.  My friend let me pick a spot so I said lets go to the Keg at Tempe Marketplace because we both drove by so many time but never tried it out.  \n\nWhy two stars? The first one is for the setting!  I love the look because it is soooo cozy- i felt warm right when i first got in.  The second star is for the clean/smell really good bathroom!  \n\nThe food:  besides the bread and butter- I got a New York and my friend got a Top Sirloin-  the New York was very salty and the Top Sirloin- well I can get a better steak at Apple Bee's.  \n\nThe service was ok- it was not bad nor superb.
Response to Rob C: I wasn't offered anything from any other restaurant. You got this review because I've eaten WAY better Greek than what you serve. You just trashed any chance you had of repeat business from me too, as I was -planning- to come back and try some more meat-oriented stuff as has been suggested. Incidentally, I could have sworn I wrote a review of Greek Wraps already, but looking through all the reviews (even the filtered ones) it seems I haven't. They obviously didn't pay me enough eh? (snort)
This used to be a really good spot, but it seems to be sliding lately. Staff is so-so, the management I have met is just slightly smarter than livestock. There are two things I can praise. They do an excellent job at being both an upscale bar AND a upscale restaurant, not many places are able to pull that off. Second is the Dj in the larger room where the band preforms, he knows whats up! And yes this place is cougar central, gentlemen watch out.
"""This store is not very good. The only positive is that they have everything out for you to test and play with, and not locked behind glass. So, if you're in the market for a Sony product, you can go here and get the hands-on experience.\n\nHowever, the staff is completely inept. They do try to be nice, but they know nothing about computers. My wife was in the market for a Vaio laptop and had some basic questions to start, a couple of which the manager was able to answer, and most of which I had to find out myself by inspecting the laptops. We targeted the F series because my wife likes to play video games and to be portable. Once the manager got wind that she plays video games, he just kept repeating that they were running Starcraft 2 on one of the F series in the store, as if that's all we needed to hear to fork over $1300.\n\nWe decided to head up to the Microsoft Store to do some comparison shopping. They are very nice up there. They had the previous iteration of the F series in stock for $1000, and the specs appeared to be the same except for having 4 GB RAM compared to 6 GB on the newer model down in the Sony store.\n\nWe went back to Sony to verify what made up the $300 difference on their model, and the manager could not explain the price difference. It appears the newer one had only been redesigned, and had the aforementioned higher RAM. That's not worth $300 though. The manager referred me to another associate he referred to as \the Vaio expert\"""" and drifted away. I guess he'd had enough of us and probably doesn't work on commission. I asked \""""the Vaio guy\"""" if the newer model had faster RAM or a faster RPM hard drive, and his eyes glazed over with ignorance. He said he would Google it for me, and I watched the painful process of someone Googling when they don't actually know what they're looking for. I finally thanked him for his time and asked some follow-up questions I thought he should know: Do they offer an educator discount? He doesn't know. He thinks maybe a student discount, but he doesn't know if and how much. Are any accessories included? He doesn't know. He doesn't think so. I fish for a free laptop case or free mouse or SOMETHING, practically coming right out and saying, \""""I'm giving you plenty of opportunities to sell me but you're not taking any of them, dipstick.\""""\n\nNo dice. I went upstairs and bought it from the Microsoft Store. 10% educator discount, nice. You stink, Sony Style."""""""
I visited Upper Deck on a Saturday of Memorial day weekend during a UFC fight.  We were looking to watch the fight and there were tons of TVs and large tables upstairs so we got just what we were lookin for as far as the sports part goes.  As for the grill part, I'll cut them some slack for me having picked a busy night and weekend, but my drinks took a long time to get there and the second one was wrong.  I would have given a more favorable rating except that the food wasn't great either.  I ordered a philly cheesesteak with potato salad and some wings.  The wings were pretty good but the rest was kind of blah.
Overpriced, mediocre food in an ice-cold environment.  \n\nI really wanted to like this place - old style, non-pretentious environment ('the un-scottsdale'). But alas, it was freezing cold inside (in November, when I went - wasn't even that hot outside, so why the A/C had to be on full blast is beyond me. \n\nBoth our dishes were just ok ... not worthy of the price. Has a clearly loyal, regular crowd, which is nice - definitely a 'well known' secret.  But I won't be back.
"""I have to jump off the Over Easy bandwagon unfortunately. I have eaten there a few times now and it just occurred to me today that I never (and I mean never) have good service. I can make a good breakfast myself if need be and save some scratch.  I go out to eat for fresh hot food and great service. Today my friend and I received neither. \n\nUpon arrival we sat immediately since we arrived before 8. We were \greeted\"""" by a server In about 1 min and asked if we were ready to order.  I stated we were not but drinks would be great.  We got our coffee within a few mins (which tasted fine). After that no sign of our server for 10 mins or so.  The table next to us was also looking to order from our MIA waitress.  She finally came over and took our order in a fast and courteous manner. The food arrived in about 15 mins but there was a problem......my friend's biscuits n gravy were barely room temperature.  After attempting to flag down the waitress for a few mins she walked by holding up her finger to let me know to wait min.  I don't know if she was being rude but it came across that way. After telling her the problem there was no apology and she walked away with his plate returning about 10 mins later with a hot plate of food. The food itself was good, but not great in any way. Our coffee cups went empty for long stretches of time and our waffle dogs had no crunch to them whatsoever.  After all that they give me the wrong bill which was about 5 bucks short of what we spent. After running my card they came back and asked for my card again and took about 15 mins to redo the bill and charge us 5 buck more. After the poor quality service I would figure they just let it slide since they made the mistake anyway and it was 5 bucks and not 20. \n\nI feel that there are many places that match the quality of the food at Over Easy and have much better service.  I will no longer eat there."""""""
"""Still in search of a good breakfast place in Scottsdale, and the Breakfast Joynt left a lot to be desired. First the service was slow but friendly, and because I pay the bill I appreciated the $1.95 for the large glass of chocolate milk for my son and good size cup of hot chocolate for my daughter. As far as my meal the corned beef beef hash was OK nothing special, the hash browns went from burnt on the edges to barely cooked in the middle, sausage gravy and biscuits were good but would of been a lot better had they been served hot. Everything else was just OK. Don't order the \Almost World Famous Apple Pancakes\"""" don't even call ahead (as they suggest) we ordered them knowing that they would take 30 minutes to prepare, so we all ate breakfast and sampled them after our meal. It's just a big bowl of cooked custard with apples. absolutely NO flavor. Don't waste the time or your money."""""""
I will start by saying that I normally LOVE Pita Jungle, so it disappoints me to only give this Downtown location 2 stars.\n\nWith 2 kids (under 3) in tow, I was meeting my best friend for a quick lunch downtown. We sat outside to enjoy the weather and keep my kids happy. It took almost 15 minutes for a server to even acknowledge me - despite my telling the hostess after 10 minutes, and trying the flag down the server who kept going out of his way to ignore me. Finally I was able to flag down another waitress, and give her our full order, so that it would arrive by the time my friend got off work.\n\nThe lunch rush was over, so I didn't expect our food  to take longer than 15 minutes. We ordered a fruit salad (the Carribean), a Lavosh Chicken Schwarma Wrap, and a kids meal. THIRTY minutes had passed and our food was still not out. My friend literally had 10  minutes to eat before she had to be back in court.\n\nThe only thing they were quick about was taking my friend's credit card.\n\nThe 2 stars was because the food was delicious as usual, but this was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant for lunch. So disappointed.\n\nI really hope they step up their game. Next time I will go back to the Desert Ridge or Arrowhead location. Much better service/experience.
I was recommended this place by a local foodie who is very picky. He swears by the place so I trusted him.\n\nThe location is nice, and pretty cool inside. The menu is impressive and has a lot of cool ideas. The food that I ate however was not any good.\n\nI paid so much to get so little and what little I got was not impressive at all. I was actually embarrassed as I brought a few friends from out of town there and they also thought the food was gross. I felt like they would never trust my judgement again.
I've been hearing about Tee Pee for years; it's considered a Phoenix landmark, I think!  George W Bush has been there afterall!  But it wasn't until my husband purchased a groupon for this place, that I was forced to go check it out.  \n\nMy quick summary:\n*chips and salsa - meh, nothing special, kind of stale tasting to be honest\n*guacamole - nasty\n*Bud Light - A-OK\n*Chicken Tostada - decent\n*House Salad - decent but simple (it's just lettuce and tomato)\n*Service - friendly and attentive although it did take awhile to get ice water, and when we finally did, we were handed a pitcher and 3 glasses.  I realized it was 3 glasses for the 2 of us because 2 of them were stuck together - classic!\n\nBottom line: I don't eat Mexican very often, but when I do, I'll likely go elsewhere.
I would give the service four stars, and the atmosphere five stars.\n\nNow for the rest:   We had a party of 5 and arrived for a reservation at 7:00.  We were promptly seated, the staff was very friendly and helpful.\n\nHad a good start -- the spicy queso was good, but $8.50 was definitely a little steep for a small bowl of melted cheese, and only 1/2 a plate of fried tortilla strips.  We liked our sangria, and our waiter (Josh?) did a great job of keeping an eye on the drinks when they were getting low.\n\nDinner?  YIKES.  I ordered tamales which were.....unrecognizable.  I would describe it more as a plop of cornmeal (no corn husks) with some adobo sauce and shrimp dumped over it.  Not appealing, and very heavy.  \n\nAnother guest found a piece of plastic in his chicken (when he chewed on it).  In their defense, the waiter, the manager, AND the chef came out to profusely apologize.  It was a really nice gesture AND they took $25 off the bill.  Well handled.\n\nBut at the end of the day, I'm not sure I'd go back.  The food wasn't that great, and definitely overpriced for what you get.  Too bad.
"""Rather disappointed. Was looking forward to going here on a Saturday Night as we were meeting a group old friends and had never been. Heard good things about the joint and had watched the review on PBS some time ago. \n\nFirst off, the bartender needs to learn some social skills, as well as, a refresher on some of the basics. Sat down and took over 5 minutes to greet us - there were total of 5 people at the bar. Gave us a drink menu then took a full 10 minutes to come back. Really? Wasn't like he was doing anything important, just casually chatting with some customers while we wait dry and parched. Sorry to interrupt your conversation but Alcohol sales are waiting over here sir! He wasn't fully knowledgeable about the liquors the establishment offers either. How about a cocktail napkin for the sweaty beer - they were 6 inches from where he set the glass down. In fact no one had cocktail napkins; just plain lazy. He never checked back with us either or asked for food sales. I had to flag him down to order appetizers. Never came back either, we ended up just leaving and going to the table. I hate that \Scottsdale Bartender\"""" mentality of it seemingly being a favor to serve you. Don't flatter yourself lazy bar-keep. \n\nThe wait staff is mature and knowledgeable. Out gal was quirky and funny - we liked her personality. She dropped the ball a few times on beverage service though. Thirsty 12-top of people waiting for drinks decreases your sales and inevitably your tip as the check is smaller. Big hint: Six chicks at the table, you might want to suggest desserts as they WILL order them, but won't if not asked. \n\nFOOD:\n\nStarted with Hummus app and pot-stickers. Nothing to write home about and presentation was plain generic. Pot-stickers were on the cold side too. \n\nI ordered a Caesar salad sans the croutons with extra dressing and extra cheese. Came out w/o the extras and was quite dry. Had to ask for more dressing which was brought out. This might be picky but I like my Caesar tossed so it's even and not dressing poured over the top. The big kicker for me was the abundance of giant leafy romaine tops. A Caesar should be the hearts of romaine and chopped - not the other end of the leafy bush as it's too bitter. It was not enjoyed. \n\nI ordered prime rib since we're in a steak house right. Ordered it MEDIUM RARE. MR should be red with some blood. The server dropped my plate and ran before comment so I sat there looking at a piece of Medium Well shoe leather. With that said, the 12 dinners came out wildly staggered and auctioned off at the table - real bush league. How difficult are table/seat numbers. \""""Who has the Sole? Who has the Steak?\"""" is so unrefined. Some of the guys at the table were served before their wives and then were patiently waiting to eat until their partner's meal arrived - result cold food. Others were finished with their meal before others even got their entrees. The table service as a whole was disconnected and awkward.  \n\nAnyhow, I had to send back the prime rib as I don't eat shoe leather; especially for like $30 something bucks. It came back and it was MEDIUM not MEDIUM RARE. I'm not one for the double send back as you don't know what might be brought back the third time if you know what I mean. So I pained through it, and pained I did as this Prime Rib was super bland - really disappointing. In fact all of the food was rather bland and in need of seasoning. One other item was a side of this couscous thingy that sounded interesting. It wasn't - it was awful. Crunchy and tasted odd. Now with that said, it very well may be the correct way to prepare this, I don't know, but it tasted like eating raw rice to me. \n\nNo coffee or dessert were offered. I would have ordered a Grand Marnier or a Sambucca if asked as well. \n\nWhat a tasteless train-wreck. I can think of a ton of other places to drop $140.00 in this part of town."""""""
A very odd experience.  \n\nWe entered in the front of the restaurant where we were met by the hostess.  We told her we were there for happy hour and she proceeded to show us to what I thought was the bar area. Well, yes but she took us out the back door of the restaurant, to the back door of the bar.  Once there I started to get nervous.  A line of 4 or 5 people waiting to get in met by two security people checking Identification.  \n\nOnce you show the security people your ID, they then put a wrist band on you.  I am pushing 50, but perhaps without the wrist band, someone may mistake me for under 21.  \n\nFinally inside, it was a throw back to some 80's nightclub with old school music and flashing lights and more, at attention security staff.  \n\nThey feature a free happy hour buffet with assorted Mexican food, which was actually fresh and tasty.  Our server was nice and attentive.  \n\nThe entire time we were there, I was worried to why they needed a security team roaming about.
Our order:\nPork chili verde \nFrench onion burger\n(approx. $25)\n\nI'm pretty dissatisfied. My medium-rare burger came out very rare (cold in the middle). I cut it in half before trying it and sent it back, they put the same burger on the grill and brought it back out. I don't know if that altered the taste any or it could just be in my head but the burger did not seem worth the $12+ dollars. The design of the place is really cool but I'd have to say it was more older people than urban in ambience.
I had never visited an In & Out Burger restaurant and wanted to know what all the hype was about.  So last night, my husband and I decided to try it.  My impression was it is a very clean restaurant with a whole lot of employees who seem to be incapable of performing their job easily or well.  There were so many people behind that counter, most of them just walking around or partnering with another employee.  It was almost overwhelming to see so many workers crammed into that kitchen.  \n\nThe burger itself was okay, nothing special IMO.  I thought the bun was nice.  I asked for the burger itself to be cooked well, no pink.  Well, it wasn't.  It arrived medium well.  The special requests I made were followed except for the cooking temperature.  No fast food burger should be served pink unless requested.  Blech.\n\nThe fries that I have heard folks rave about were just awful for me.  Mine were served room temperature, barely warm.  Greasy, flavorless, and soggy.  Yuk and double yuk.  \n\nMy granddaughter ordered a strawberry shake.  Something happened to the shake machine and they had a terrible time making that little cup of ice cream and milk for her.  When it was finally served, there was way too much strawberry sauce in the drink.  It was horrid.  \n\nI won't go back again because the food was not impressive and neither was the service, despite the many many people working.  The prices were very fair.
We came here on a Friday night with high hopes with great recommendations from friends. Can we say very limited menu? Looking at the prices, I was expecting a more seasonal selection. Our server took forever to greet us. She barely even knew what the daily specials were! We heard the server at the next table list a couple of specials that our server had no idea about. Umm yeah had to pass on the 32 dollar strip steak special. Had the french dip (17 dollars), which was pretty good. The string like fries were tasty, just a bit salty. For the price and poor service, won't be going back.
"""Not great compared to a good deli, not good when you factor in the price.\n\nIt was soon after moving here from Los Angeles that I found Chompies.... being a regular patron of West Coast heavyweights such as Langers, and even Canters, I was hungry for good deli food and thrilled... at first.  \n\nTheir food is \meh\"""" at BEST and WAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAY overpriced for the quality.  If they charged 1/2 the price they do currently, this place would be 4-stars.. but don't come up in here trying to charge Langer's prices and serve up Schlotzsky's quality. \n\nNext."""""""
"""So, apparently greed and lackluster customer service as well as, I'm suspecting, inadequate servers are all combining to make Netflix, imo, go down the tubes. Here's a transcript of an email I attempted to send back to them (it was from an automated account) after they, for the third time, sent me the guilded steps for \viewing success\"""":\n\nHi. Thanks for these steps. The thing is I turn all my devices off regularly - probably 2 or 3 times a day - so they're constantly resetting like what you're saying to do in these instructions. And since I have ethernet, only the first 2 steps apply to me, and like I said, they're done on a regular basis, so...although you guys are quick with an answer, I still don't believe it's an adequate one to explain why I, with a premium package from my ISP, 13 mbps download speed, and comparatively little trouble streaming video on most other sites, e.g. YouTube, Digg, Hulu, etc., still continue to have problems loading content on your site.\n\nSince May, I can only successfully watch an entire movie without major interruption approx. 25% of the time. Maybe I should be paying 25% of my monthly bill? Perhaps you guys think we pay relatively little for the great service - and, in essence it is great, or was, for my first few months as a customer. And now, to hear you guys are jacking up your rates, when I'm DEFINITELY not getting what I pay for, I think sucks the big one. I've also had several DVDs that have skipped and been unwatchable also, so here's an idea coming from someone in business development and marketing:\n\n - Skip raising your rates and focus on customer satisfaction first\n-  Hire more (or better) people for DVD inspection/quality control/tech support\n-  Use the billions you must be raking in and get more servers/DVDs to ensure the quality you purport to have\n\nThen you won't take a huge tumble when rate jacking and thumbing your nose at customers causes them to jump ship by the millions in the months and years to come. Just my 2 cents."""""""
Let's just say I felt a little mislead with the business description. We were looking for a hookah lounge that offered a full bar and a patio, when we got there we saw they had a nice patio with comfortable looking chairs however, as for the bar......they did in fact have one.... in the restaurant next door!!! We ended up sitting on the patio of the restaurant (which was very small and lacking any sort of ambience we hoped for) since that was the only place where we could both smoke hookah and enjoy drinks from the bar. The drinks were very over priced at $9 for a Vodka/Cran ( I mean I would expect this from a Scottsdale club). The one brightside to this experience was we found out the restaurant we were sitting at served excellent hummus... We definitely won't be going back for hookah anytime soon however it is possible we will come back to try more of the food.
I used to have really fond memories of this place as a kid. I loved the decor and always thought that every restaurant should serve spumoni upon completion of a meal, but the romance has since ended now that I am an adult. \n\nIn the past year I have found myself here often as a central meeting place that could accommodate a large group. In both of those occasions we had the save server who lacked any ounce of charm in his body and felt way too comfortable with the fact that his gratuity was added into our bill due to size. He was brash and acted annoyed the entire time and despite our size we were pretty low maintenance. \n\nOther than service, the food is doing little to impress me. It has become one of those places where I am never truly satisfied with what I ordered. Because their menu is traditional fare I find myself comparing it to every other Italian place I have been and none of their dishes stand out as the best I have had or even close to it. The portions do not match the price in my opinion and neither does the quality. I just end up walking away from dinner feeling a bit cheated by the entire experience. I wish I could fall in love all over again with this landmark, but it is going to take a lot to win me over.
This is a very cute place--it's clearly not a chain-restaurant type of place that seems to be so frequent here in Scottsdale.  My wife and I sat outside for dinner this past Saturday night, and with the heat lamp, it was perfectly comfortable.    We really liked the environment--the faux candles (which seriously looked really nice), the flowers, the fire, etc.  \n\nThe food, however, leaves much to be desired.  \n\nI had the mussels, which I found to be not very fresh. Sure, we're miles from the coast, but even in California, we get mussels in from Prince Edward Island, so I just think these were a bit old or worse, not even live.  The broth was tasty, but a bit ruined by the really fishy taste that comes from less than highly fresh seafood.   My wife had the foie gras--overall, it was quite good, but slightly overcooked.  \n\nFor the main course, i had the lamb. I had requested medium rare, and it came back well done--there wasn't a bit of pink in the center anywhere...this was a bit disappointing--a french restaurant that had the temperature way off.  So, i sent it back, and this time, just to be safe, i asked for it to be RARE.  And the second time, there were two pieces of lamb--one piece was cooked rare, but still cold in the middle (so i suspect it was from the fridge before they cooked it), and the other piece was well done again!   It was a bit bizarre and straight out of a Gordon Ramsey Kitchen Nightmares episode.  I mean, seriously, if you've blown it in the kitchen the first time, wouldn't you show a bit more care the 2nd round?!  Use a thermometer like the rest of us!  And to top it off, they didn't even take the lamb off the bill.  Granted, they gave us a free dessert, but in retrospect, a much classier move would have been to take it off the bill, ensure the manager personally apologized AND offer free dessert.  \n\nThis is one of the first times that Yelp has let me down--an average of 4.5 stars usually guarantees something great.  In this case, it wasn't even close.  \n\nDon't even get me started about the wine...and the server's recommendation.
What kind of sports bar doesn't serve SLIDERS??? Nachos, quesadillas, and celery/carrots options but NO SLIDERS??? Guess that just goes hand-in-hand with the NO MALIBU RUM option!! At least the bartender asked me if their fake option was okay first. Hello... no!!!! \n\nWait service was crap after a spring training game as they did not have nearly enough staff to serve people. Had to wait 15 minutes in a booth before anyone acknowledged us. BUZZ KILL!! \n\nOn the plus side, patio is pretty cool and the pool tables when it's not a busy time!
Busy right after school which is to be expected...Wasn't very clean which is disappointing, especially for an ice cream parlor. We stopped in to try the new soft serve ice cream with sprinkles that turn the ice cream a new color. Don't know if the boy behind the counter was stingy or what, but the kids got only a couple of sprinkles that didn't even cover the ice cream which was disappointing considering they charge for them. All in all wouldn't visit this location again. We prefer the one closer to home :)
"""This will be a 2-part review: 1 for the \free consultation\"""" aspect, and another for the actual experience with staff/ professionals at Bethany Home Healthcare.  I'd give ONE STAR for misleading information on the website & verbally by staff.  I'd give THREE STARS for service.\n\""""FREE CONSULTATION\"""": Thanks to another reviewer who mentioned an issue with the \""""free consultation\"""", I made sure to ask this upon the initial phone conversation & was assured it was a \""""free consultation\"""".  A receptionist called to confirm the appointment, and again assured me it was \""""free\"""".  I had my husband call & he specifically asked if it was free for someone who was insured, \""""due to something he had heard\"""".  The receptionist stated, \""""yes, it is free regardless of an insured or uninsured individual\"""".  Upon arrival, we were asked to fill out detailed paperwork asking for insurance information.  When we questioned this, the receptionist was not rude, but stated that the consultation \""""would be free for us, but Bethany Healthcare would bill our insurance because we're in fact insured\"""".  Since we were insured, they had to bill someone.  If we weren't insured, they would not have anyone to bill.  \n\n\""""ACTUAL SERVICE\"""": We were here to inquire about midwife services for the birth of our 1st child.  We were not greeted when we arrived and the reception staff rarely looked up & out into the waiting room.  We arrived 20 minutes early (as requested to fill out paperwork) & still waited over 40 minutes after our scheduled appointment time.  We were taken to a small exam room to speak to a technician, and waited another 10-15 minutes for the Certified Nurse Midwife.  The CNM, Donna, was friendly & understanding: she explained their role, listened to our concerns/ desires, and answered as many questions as she could regarding our curiosity about giving birth at Phoenix Baptist with a Bethany midwife.  Unfortunately after waiting 1 hour for our initial consultation, Donna had to end our session after 35 minutes due to another appointment.          \n\nI'm confident that the 6 CNM's at BHH would provide quality midwife services, as they seem experienced and reviews show them to be caring & understanding of a woman's desires during pregnancy and childbirth.  But based on our experience, we did not choose to use the services of Bethany Home Healthcare.  \nMinor note: there was also a \""""no eating or drinking\"""" sign in the waiting room, which we found odd for a facility that requires pregnant patients to wait for over 1 hour."""""""
I can't believe I'm reviewing a McDonald's - but it had to happen.  Not just because I'm a freaking fast food junkie so it was going to happen one of these days anyhow - but because of today's experience.\n\nI've been to this one, well, let's just say more than several times.  The food is always.... uneventful.  It's not one of those specifically great or specifically bad ones.  It's just..... fine?  The only really good thing I got there once was their big breakfast.  It was only McDonald's good, but man it tasted good that day.\n\nAnyhow, so I was grabbing a breakfast burrito (that stupid healthy yogurt was not going to calm the grumbling monster that was my tummy that morning).  For breakfast, I'll normally either get my item solo, or as the meal w/ OJ.  But I remembered seeing last week that in a blind taste test, the McDonald's coffee actually scored higher on a taste test than Starbucks.  So I figured I'd give it a shot.  \n\nACKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!  PLECCCHHHHH!!!  Ick!  Ug!  Gross!  Spit, spit, spit....   I wanted to wipe my tongue down w/ the wood tasting napkin to scrape it all off.  \n\nThey had thrown in some sugar and cream.  I'll normally do a cream and a sugar for one this sized.  I initially tried it black. I thought maybe it was better w/ the stuff added.  This was a SMALL cup, and I added both creamers and all 6 sugars they gave me and I could barely taste any sweetness.  It was like the black hole of coffee condiments.  What is totally sad - I ended up drinking about 1/2-3/4 the cup just trying it after adding each condiment.  I really wanted it to be better.  Kept waiting for that magic ingredient.  It didn't come.  \n\nNasty, nasty, nasty.  Mediocre fast food, fine.  But the extra 15 min drive to Starbucks suddenly looks much more reasonable.
Went for restaurant week last night. Not very impressed. Both my wife and I had the same thing and our friends tried other items. We started with the spinach salad which of the three ordered only one was somewhat satisfied. Small portion and dressing was weak. The other person had lobster bisque that he felt was good.\n\nFor entree, two hanger steak orders that were again small in portions. Mine was almost sent back (now that I think about it I should have) because it was very tough and that after being served sliced. My wife said hers was tender. Other entrees were the drumsticks with mac & cheese (satisfying) and the mystery meat dish that was a piece of beef that was buried in mash potatoes, literally. Half order. Tasty but the meat was hard to find. \n\nDessert was the farina with apple dish (different, just OK), tres leche cake (very good) and apple cobbler, again good but small portion.\n\nService was good but very slow, dessert took forever and the getting the check also took too long. When they delivered the coffee we were told that they ran out of spoons. Same with dessert, no spoons. I have to say we were not impressed and not sure we will return anytime soon.
It's like hooters, kind of.  Or at least I think that's what their going for.  \n\nFood - not bad\nDrinks - standard bar\nAtmosphere - ok for a sports bar downtown, lots of TVs\nService - yeah right.  You'll need to head to the bar at least once if you want to drink anything.\n\nWould I go again?  Yeah, but only if I was meeting someone there and didn't have a chance to persuade them to go elsewhere.  And because it's close to the light rail.
I have tried Richardson's on a number of occasions, none of which were busy.  Mainly I've gone because it serves dinner until midnight, is close and has been recommended by friends.\n\nFirst off, know that the parking chews.  An old school angled strip mall lot that is on much too busy of a corner to approach from the 'wrong' direction.  Second, they never seem to know who is supposed to be seating people.  Is there a host?  Is the bartender staring at you and your guests blankly while taking a phone call supposed to do it?  The second time I snagged a menu and plopped myself down. On none of my three visits have I entered the door and received my drink in less than a 15 minute interval.\n\nOk, now for some positives!  The dark, candlelit decor is quite relaxing.  I also enjoy the copper topped bar and large pillows in the booths to bolster us shorter folk.\n\nMaybe this place is just not for everyone.  There are some tasty dishes I've come across but their sides are tired, especially the GCP which never sounded good to begin with.  No one I've brought with me has been able to spot any values on the menu, including myself so I suppose the large bill at the end isn't doing anything to help my view of this place.
I dig hitting farmers markets once in a while to get some great locally grown produce and other stuff that's good for you but then also other crap which I probably don't really need to eat but I go to these things all starving and end up eating anyway, because I'm a growing boy. \r\n\r\nHowever, I hadn't been to a farmers market in Phoenix until last week, even though I live close to the Town & Country Shopping Center (with the Trader Joe's, Bookstar, Chili's, etc.). I only managed to go to this particular farmers market (Wednesdays 10 am -2 pm) because I came home to run a bunch of errands and realized this was going on. \r\n\r\nWhen I drove into the parking lot, I was expecting to see at least a few dozen stalls in the parking lot and a pretty huge crowd, as is the case with farmers markets usually, but all the sellers were stationed on tables in the covered walkway in front of the shops.  There were 10 tables at most, with only one guy selling a handful of produce (the tomatoes here weren't looking so hot). The other tables were selling anything from handicrafts to healing workshops to homemade jars of salsa and jalapeno jelly. Which is totally cool, but I thought the main anchoring businesses of a farmers market were the produce growers, of which there were barely any in sight. And there were only  a small handful of other people milling around. Not a lot of foot traffic.\r\n\r\nAll in all, pretty underwhelming. I'm not knocking the sellers at all who were there (all really nice) or the goods they were selling, but I was expecting way more out of it. Maybe I was there on an off-week, because I barely saw anything that resembled this farmers market in the video on the link.\r\n\r\nI'd say check out this farmers market if you happen to be in the area during midday on Wednesdays, but don't go out of your way to be there. You're not missing a whole lot.
Soooo, I stopped in to Zoe's on a whim this afternoon. My ravished pregnant self was excited to see a grilled cheese with tomato sandwich on the the menu. One that also comes with chip and a side dish (I opted for the fruit salad.) for a reasonable $6.95. The limeade also looked yummy, so I got that, too. While I did have to drive about 20 minutes back to my office, I still believe that this meal would have stunk even if I sat down and ate it on the spot. The bread was burnt, the cheese was American - blech! (even though I see now, I get a choice of cheese instead of all the cheese listed, I wasn't asked.), and the fruit salad was all green apples. Excuse me, one piece of pineapple. The only thing that saves this place from one star is the limeade. And even that could have been less sweet. Skip this place. It isn't healthier for you, it's not local and it under delivered. :(
"""When Trusty Pal Mikey mentioned that this place had won Best Fish in Chips in the Valley at some point in the recent past, it was time to jump into the car and head on downtown for sustenance. \n\nArriving at the restaurant was kind of anti-climatic as on a Monday night during football there didn't seem to be a lot going on (except for a pretty cool DirecTV trailer showing the game which was a nice touch)\n\nThere were several tables of mostly intoxicated patrons, to be expected of a bar/pub during a sporting event but the guy sitting ON the table next to ours stretched out in Cincinnati Bengals gear should probably have been asked to call it a night.\n\nIt took a while to get a server to clean some unidentified stickiness off of our table, bring menus and take a drink order and about then the table next to ours got LOUDER w/the addition of an off-duty server (confirmed by asking our server) wearing a Rose & Crown shirt and another woman identified as \the girlfriend of one of the owners.\""""\n\nLoud, rowdy, employees enthusiastically dropping F-bombs didn't make for the best dining atmosphere.  Fail there.\n\nThen the starters arrived...The Sausage roll was mostly cold, the puff pastry which should have been light and flakey was gooey and undercooked although the pickle relish condiment was delicious.\n\nThe Scotch egg was served cold (the server confirmed this was as intended) which seemed odd to me as I've always had them hot (the British version), the flavor was good but the texture of cold sausage just didn't work for me (this is a personal preference not a knock on their version).\n\nThe Fish & Chips Main arrived and I must say, the Chips were superb, well cooked and just the right size.  Then things went a bit pear shaped.  The fish, while piping hot was EXTREMELY greasy and devoid of seasoning.  Luckily the homemade tartar sauce was tasty (though the size of the pickles prevented dipping). \n\nI LOVE a good order of Fish and Chips but was sadly underwhelmed by the offering here and was forced to grab something on the way home to satisfy my hunger.\n\n(note:  The table next to us was joined by a patrons Dalmatian and even though we were on the patio, there are just some places that just aren't appropriate for the little furry people.  He was nice enough to lick my leg a few times during dinner though)  \n\nFor future fish & chips fixes I will save the 40mile round trip and get it closer to home, very sad that this wasn't as good as i'd hoped it would be."""""""
"""Have been to Nick's many times for breakfast, but not because they have awesome food.  Nick's offered a \buy one get one free\"""" coupon on the back of Fry's grocery store receipts so me and my girlfriend took advantage of that quite a few times until they stopped the promotion.\n\nThe unfortunate thing about Nick's is the pictures of the food in the menu are great, what you get served looks nothing like it.  The food is average at best, me and my girlfriend joked that we wouldn't come back if it weren't for the BOGO deal they were offering.  They stopped offering it about 6 months ago and we haven't been back. \n\nThe restaurant looks nice, it's clean.  The hostess and wait staff are all very friendly.  The food quality and chef expertise is lacking horribly."""""""
Arizona Mills has the worst bathrooms I have ever been in. They are always really, really smelly and warm.\n\nI like that there are outlet stores, so you can save a lot of money, but at the same time some of the stores they have are really ghetto and a lot of the outlets have ghetto items.\n\nThe mall is always really packed and there are a ton of kids running around. People walk on the wrong side of the mall, or walk in large groups that prevent people from getting by.\n\nAnd the worst part: there are at least ten different cell phone kiosks and you get badgered every time you walk by. They wont leave you alone. They also have two or three of those carts that sell lotion. I have had people chase me into stores trying to get me to buy natural sea potions. It's just annoying and always makes my shopping experience uncomfortable.
Imagine that on very rare occasions, you treat yourself to a plain glazed donut...not a donut from the grocery store, a real donut - a donut that you get up early on a Saturday to enjoy since they are extra fresh in the morning.  Now imagine that you get home with this treat, only to pull it out of the bag and realize that they have given you blueberry donuts instead.  Now I'm not a donut specialist like the employees at DD are, I'm an average gal with no donut training but I knew immediately upon seeing this donut that it was blueberry.  How did I do this you ask?  The donut was blue and blue = blueberry, blue does not = plain.  Sadly, todays disappointment sums up this DD location.  I'd like a latte please, here's your regular coffee miss.  1 biscuit please, here's your bagel lady.  I'm tolerant when it comes to the occasional mistake but this location always manages to screw up at least one thing with every order.  The food is generally pretty good, you just may not get what you ordered.  Today was the last straw for me, I caught todays coffee mistake but failed to look in the donut bag.  I have no personal vendetta against blueberries but a blueberry donut is like a raisin bagel - wrong.
Rarely will I write a negative review but my experience tonight at Fresh Mint makes it necessary. I have dined here three times prior, all during relatively quiet hours. Tonight, when dining with my family, the restaurant was slammed. I understand that they are a small, family-run joint, but something's gotta give!  My gripe is not with the food but with the service and the owner's poor attitude. During previous visits, he has been able to run the dining room on his own, but tonight he was completely in the weeds. \n\nTo start, they were out of their imperial rolls, which I really enjoy. The owner was apologetic but was also completely harried by his other tables and could barely finish a sentence without being called to another set of patrons. We had a last minute addition to our table when another family member called to say he'd be joining us. We placed orders for appetizers and soup until he was able to make it to the restaurant, but the owner seemed annoyed with our table anyway. \n\nThere was also a large party in the dining room from what seemed to be a radio show that advertises for this restaurant (one of the hosts interrupted our meal to give us a flyer about it) and those patrons were loud and after finishing their meals, hovered other tables to chit-chat. It was quite distracting. \n\nThe restaurant itself is tremendously loud and they play upbeat music from the 50's and 60's. This soundtrack would be fine during a lunch rush but not when people are trying to enjoy a quiet dinner with their families. \n\nAs for the food, it's adequate. A-OK, even. But the prices are outlandish and the service is unpleasant. We will not be returning as there are many fine, veg-friendly establishments in the city deserving of our business.
Good pizza places that deliver are hard to come by, or maybe I've become a Pizza snob, I'll have to check my wallet for a membership card.  Well this was a recommendation from a friend and we were in the mood for pizza, so we ordered up a House Special.  We were told that it would be 45 minutes before we'd have it, pretty standard and generally this is an under-promise over deliver type thing.  This is where we started off on the wrong foot.  I called an hour later to get a status of the pizza, it was out for delivery.  An hour and 10 minutes after placing the order we had it in our hands.  And I have to say, even if they did deliver on time, I don't think I would be ordering from them anytime soon, it just wasn't all that great, everything was pretty bland.  Order here if you need a pizza and any pizza will do and you have the time to wait.
Pretty blah, really.  \n\nIt's fast food but with sit down prices and barely fast food taste.\n\nThe taco platter Jesse mentioned, is three street tacos on a styrofoam plate which has other little compartments filled with a a few spoonfuls of rice, beans, avocado sauce, and chopped lettuce.  They sprinkle a handful of chips over the top.\n\nThe meat isn't char grilled, but steamed on a flat-top and is greasy/wet enough that the little tortillas break apart before you get halfway through the first one.  I ended up dumping the mix into a pile, tossing the tortillas, and eating it like cereal.  \n\nNot horrible, but also not worth the price.  The combos are $6.75 and drinks are extra ($2). so for $9 you get a pretty weak meal compared with other good/cheap Mexican places or decent sit down joints with service.
So I put on a button up shirt, wear a jacket and am ready for what I am told is a 4 diamond experience.  This is my first time to Tuscany so was looking forward to great service, great food and a relaxing experience.  What we got when we arrived was an Italian bistro that was filled with families wearing shorts and t-shirts, rushed service and decent food.  Apparently, changes have taken place and the restaurant has decided to sacrifice its four diamond status to cater to the family clientele in shorts.  \n\nWhen we arrived the walk down the staircase to the restaurant was promising.  However, once we got to the host stand there was confusion and we were quickly handed off to a server who grabbed two menus, a kids menu (we don't have kids) and began to run away without asking us to follow her.  We got seated and I must say that our server was GREAT under the circumstances that she was given.  Unfortunately, she was rushed and had little support and this made our experience seemed rushed.  (If any of you have seen waiting, I pictured our server as being the waitress who goes outside and yells and screams.)  \n\nWe shared a couple of plates and though we were given extra plates to eat off of, we had to use those same plates for each course as they did not provide a clean plate for the different courses.  Also, our water glasses were not filled even though they said they were going to do so.  \n\nThe food was just good and when you have to drive 20 minutes or so, and you are expecting 4 diamond food and service, good is not good enough.  There are better Italian food restaurants closer to me (Pinos and Gaspers) that I would prefer to go to.  I cannot say any of the food was bad, but I will not go back to Tuscany.  It's too bad that they did change their menu as it sounds like it was great.
"""I have to agree with the a previous reviewer when he says that he had 'a real mixed experience'...I am giving it 2 stars, but part of me wants to say 1... \n\nWe ordered this as room service, they were having a really good deal on room rates, which included $25 dining credit and waived resort fee...(but enough about that, I'll talk about it in the hotel review later...)... \n\nAnywho, we ordered from the breakfast menu (YAY! Look at us, awake before 11am on a Sunday! hahahaha in your face, Sucka!) \n\nUm...yeah, so the boy ordered the chicken fried chicken breakfast w/ a bagel on the side and I ordered the McCormick Omelet w/ a side of toast (yes...you have to pay extra to get toast with your omelet, bizarre) and 2 small cups of juice...um...$44??? YIKES! Okay, so yes, it's room service, but do you really need to GOUGE people like that? \n\nNevertheless, we paid the piper...(only to find out that the $25 dining credit isn't valid for breakfast the next day...only for the night you check in...would've been nice for someone to SHARE that info...but again, that's reaching back into the hotel review... \n\nHere's the bad...when the $9 chicken fried chicken \breakfast\"""" was revealed, it turned out to be two chicken strips on a couple of biscuits with sausage gravy drizzled on it...and no...I don't mean some sort of fancified McDonald's extra crispy chicken breast select strips, I mean, the kind that you get when you order off of the kids meal at a restaurant. 1/2 a step above a chicken nugget. *sigh* He was heartbroken. I could see it in his eyes. I was also heartbroken, because I had planned to scam a biteful from his plate. *sniffle* \n\nHere's the good...the omelette was very tasty. But the BEST part of it was the Sonoran Breakfast Potatoes. Absolutely delicious, I believe they are hashbrowns with sour cream, jalapenos, and some other seasoning in them, but it definitely is the reason that the review is at 2 stars instead of 1. \n\n(Also, once we got past the whole chicken strip mental barrier, it wasn't bad...but seriously, that was not a $44 breakfast, we didn't even get any alcohol in the juice!)"""""""
The service and ambiance were great for a Chandler restaurant - it's hard to find such a nice spot out here. We sat outside, and the patio had a cozy, romantic feel. We were celebrating a birthday, so the menus had the birthday girl's name printed on them, and we appreciated the nice touch. The server was knowledgeable about the menu and helpful in our decision-making. \n\nThe only problem was the food! We got the mussels, scallops, and hamachi for starters, and the mussels were so fishy to me. I loved the scallops, and the hamachi was just average - not the wow factor I was hoping for with such a pricy dish. Then the entrees came, and I was really disappointed with my pan-seared turbot. The spaghetti squash was drowning in this uber-rich cream sauce, and the fish was greasy and overcooked. My family also complained about their orders - all of them said their food was really (really!) salty, and my dad even had trouble finishing his because his tongue was burning from the salt. He has a high tolerance for salt, so I was really surprised! For the prices we paid, I expected much more delicate, thoughtfully seasoned food.\n\nThen we ordered dessert - banana creme pie, black and white (flourless chocolate cake), and creme brulee to share. The brulee was good, but the pie and cake were nothing to write home about and definitely not worth the price.\n\nOverall, I'm glad I went to Cork to experience the atmosphere and get the special occasion vibe, but I probably wouldn't go back for the food unless the prices go down!
The food gets two stars. The counter (to-go) service gets three stars. The sit down service gets 1.5 stars. I went with friends who have triplets. TRIPLETS. Waitstaff kept asking if we needed the chair at our table with all of their baby gear on it. Granted, it was a Sunday morning. But, for crying out loud people...TRIPLETS. Have some sense. Matzah ball soup was not like my mom's...but nothing ever will be that good. Jewish sliders are a heart attack on challah. Share an order.
Tried this restaurant this past Friday for the first time.  Fodor's called it the best restaurant in Phoenix, etc etc.  Someone told me they had a coupon for  two entrees, two salads or soup and a bottle of wine for $44. Sounds fair, right?  We were served two pieces of bread (one for each of us) with oil infused oil.  The one I make at home is better.  Not enough herbs to really flavor it.  We asked for more bread and they didn't seem happy.  Two pieces of bread again.  Never saw that before, counting the heads at the table and then matching the bread pieces. Most restaurant give you a chunk of bread and that's that. The salads were small, fresh but nothing special (what do you want for a coupon???)  The entree choices for the coupon were either pastas or chicken dishes everything is excluded unless you want to pay more.(what do you want with a coupon???) No side dishes come with it. You have pay extra.  (What do you want with a coupon?) I ordered chicken a la berto. Which had fontanelle cheese, spinach, and pancetta.  It was just ok. nothing special.  I didn't bring my magnifying glass to find the pieces of pancetta. (what do you want with a coupon???)  My husband hated his.  I tasted it. Flavorless.  It was chicken something. The word Oggi was in it  and his attraction to the dish was that it had sun dried tomatoes.  I think they took one sun dried tomato, cut it in half and then took that half and cut that half into minuscule pieces and spread it around the plate. As I said before, I didn't have my magnifying glass with me to let him see what mini- sun dried tomatoes look like.. My poor hubby, no sun dried tomatoes for you! (What do you want with a coupon?)  We ordered a side dish, for which we paid extra, of rigatoni with marinara sauce. Rigatoni was cooked al dente perfectly and the sauce was good.  But not better than the one I make at home from scratch from fresh tomatoes.  Don't you guys expect restaurant food to be better than your own?  I do. And finally, the bottle of wine. Not the best and a little vinegary.  (what do you want with a coupon?) \nI guess everyone knows the conclusion to this review.  If Fodor's called La Fontanella the best restaurant in Phoenix, then Phoenix is a very small town with very few italian restaurants.  I, for one, will not be going back with or without a coupon.\n\nBy the way, I have eaten at Bel Fiore's, an unpretentious, no white table clothed restaurant on Cave Creek and the food is one thousand times better.  And I don't need a coupon to eat there.
I don't get it!  We went there tonite and having read so many reviews, we were excited and then we were disappointed.  Nothing  I would say was outstanding.  We started with a special that was calamari fritters and the Calamari should have been chopped because they were incredibly tough.  We then had another small plate with eggplant, bacon and can't remember what else...OK... but not something we would rave about.  Then we moved on to the warm duck salad.  It was bland, with the exception of the duck.  The duck breast did have a nice flavor, but that didn't compensate for the lack of flavor of the grilled lettuce leaves.  It had interesting ingredients, but didn't feel they melded together.  The white fish with the variety of mushrooms was the best thing we had.  The mushrooms were outstanding.  We did have the clams with bok choy or cabbage and bacon.  I thought it was good, but my husband ate just one clam and it was not as fresh as we anticipated, so I had the remaining  clams and thought they were o.k.  All in all, we have eaten at other Japanese restaurants,  and for us, this was not a stand out and the likelihood  that we would return for  a second chance seem improbable.  Sorry! \n By the way, the servers were very good at explaining everything and brought our dishes out timely, not rushing us, but not taking forever, either.   Service I would give a 5 star, but we would have expected 5 star in the food category!
"""My DH & I  went for our anniversary last night, 03/27/10. The staff were friendly when we arrived and told us \Happy Anniversary\"""", we received a card, as well. We went with their winter 3 course menu for $35. I got the lettuce wraps, tiger shrimp, and chocolate souffle. My husband got the rock shrimp tempura, salmon, and guava tart. Both of our appetizers were ok, nothing special. The entrees were about the same, nothing special, the shrimp were overcooked, and the salmon had too much sauce on it, you couldn't taste the salmon, the ingredients were good, but the way they prepared both entrees, were not very good. The highlight of the evening were the desserts, they were both good! \n\nWe've been to Roy's before, and we enjoyed our experience, so this was a complete disappointment.  Last year we went to Noca, and the food and experience was much better."""""""
Phoenix has a dearth of good music venues.  When Crescent Ballroom opened up, I heard great things.  I finally had the opportunity to see a show there.\n\nMy first impression was great.  There is seating in the back if you need to rest, the place is intimate, the acoustics seemed good... In fact, it was great until people started showing up.\n\nThe problem with Crescent is the scene.  If you want to hang out and chat (loudly) with a bunch of hipsters, it's probably the place for you.  If, however, you are there to actually listen to a live band, good luck hearing the slow songs over all the chatter.\n\nThe parking situation is also pretty annoying.  You really do need exact change, and there's no other obvious place to park nearby with an actual parking attendant.\n\nIn all fairness, it's really a decent little venue.  The live music is just unfortunately secondary to the social scene.
"""Okay, I wasn't too crazy about this place.  I read some reviews on here saying that it was a great place to take out-of-town guests so I went ahead and took a visitor there a few days ago.  The day we went up there happened to be very chilly, with quite the bracing wind.  So when we first sat down to lunch at the \Mammoth Steakhouse,\"""" we were expecting a nice, heated area to enjoy our good eats.  Well, there was to be no heat whatsoever.  All they had to keep the place warm was human body heat and tiny, tiny space heaters.  It also seemed like the place was understaffed, with one waiter to serve a large room of customers.  I ordered the Mammoth burger, which was tasty, but unfortunately it and the fries got cold a little too prematurely, on account of the FRIGID environs.\n\nWe then made our way over to a few shops here and there.  I was impressed with one or two, but the rest was very overdone and kitschy (I think that's how that's spelled).  One store had a bunch of clay magnets, pottery, and figurines you could buy from a lady who was making them only for fun and not money (all the money you gave her went to the \""""town\"""").  After we bought a few magnets, we got crazy at a store called \""""Cactus Flats.\""""  Now, if you're into cultivating plants, but are shitty at watering them enough, this is the place for you!  The lady there sells both cacti and succulents.  The succulents can be \""""sprinkled\"""" once a week and the cacti need only a tbsp of water a month!  And the plants sold there are really gorgeous.  Never did I realize how many species of cacti and succulents there were!  I went a little crazy and bought six plants.  However, most of them are affordable at only $4 each.  \n\nThen, we decided to buy a \""""train\"""" ticket.  \""""Train\"""" tickets cost 12 bucks for an adult and this thing only goes around the town once while some tour-guide (who probably despises his job) tells you random facts about the town, mining, and the lives of the surrounding Saguaro cacti.  Big freakin' whoop.  Twelve bucks down the drain.  \n\nNext was the \""""mine\"""" tour.  This consisted of an over-dramatized elevator ride down a \""""shaft\"""" and a walk-through of a FAKE mine.  You know it's fake as soon as you see that the rocks in there are made of PLASTIC.  There I was thinking I was going to take a trip down a real-live, historic mine.  It could have been redeemed if the tour guide was a decent-enough speaker.  If I didn't know any better, I would have been convinced our poor tour guide was drunk.  His pauses were long and way overdone and you could tell that he, too, probably despised his job.  I could have sworn I sensed a drunken slur here and there, but he didn't smell like alcohol, so I trusted he was okay.  Either way, he was a shitty orator.  \n\nOnce we got outta there, we went to a \""""Cantina\"""" in order to get a good hot chocolate.  That was also a bust.  I was expecting a good, genuine mug of hot chocolate.  Nope.  Alls we got for 3 bucks each were tiny styrofoam cups and shitty machine-generated hot chocolate (the kind that comes out right next to the French Vanilla cappucino flavor).  \n\nMy friend was a doll and said she loved it, but I knew that place could have been way better.  They advertise it as a ghost town, but all it is is just a bunch of reconstructed buildings put up to resemble the previous town that was located there.  The only redeeming things were: the beautiful backdrop of the Superstition mtns, the Cactus Flats, and the kind-hearted pottery lady."""""""
I adore, love, crave, & dream about good Greek food. \nThat being said, I just don't enjoy My Big Fat Greek Restaurant. (And I really hate when people just call it My Big Fat..how appetizing is that??)\n\nMy biggest problem is with the pita. I mean, really, you're a Greek restaurant, you should at the VERY least have good pitas. They taste straight out of the store-bought bag. After that, there really is no redemption.\n\nThe menu is very chain standard, and is good for families with kids and big groups. It's definitely good for people with big appetites because their portion sizes are out of control.\n\nThere are better restaurants in the area for sure, even better restaurants right there in the AZ Center.
I would love to give a sterling 5-star review for Carly's - I love the atmosphere, the dcor (hand-drawn cartoons on the tables were awesome), the artsy vibe and the location - but I just can't. \n\nThe first time I came, it was off an extended happy hour at the Roosevelt - which is conveniently within walking distance. A friend ordered the hummus and flatbread, which to my starved being were the most delicious I had ever tasted. I also drunkenly ordered an organic-vodka martini - the last thing I needed was a martini! - that tasted, as I recall, OK.\n\n it was after another happy hour visit to the Roosevelt that I returned to Carly's with visions of that luscious hummus and Plaid-like vibe dancing in my head, and making my mouth drool. Of a much more sober disposition, I actually studied the menu and was severely shocked. \n\nFirst, the prices. $7+ for a Stella? What the hell? And that dubious organic martini - it wasn't on the menu...did I imagine that? - Well, any martini was $10-12 ?! Is this Durant's? It definitely wasn't THAT good of a martini. \n\nI quickly found my hummus/pita app. and ordered a large portion, growing decidedly more disappointed/heartbroken with the entre options. Nothing, and I mean nothing, sounded even remotely appetizing. It was all very rich yet bland-sounding. Does that make sense? Like brie and turkey on Panini bread... Eh, ok. I was hoping it would be like Roosevelt, where you order the grilled cheese and tomato soup with reservation, and then are blown away. Sad to report - not so.\n\nHowever, I was a huge fan of the veggie chips that came with our hummus and flatbread (which, thank god, was as delicious as I kind-of-remembered). No problems with the service, but from the rest of the reviews, it sounds EXACTLY like Plaid, except downtown...and with a way less-tasty menu.\n\nSo, $50 later, we'd had a mediocre couple of entrees, an appetizer, no buzz and some leftovers that are still sitting in my fridge a week later. Do'h! \n\nthat really sucks, because I think they have the foundation for a restaurant I would adore and go out of my way to go to and want to support - extensive beer selection, great ambiance, perfect location, local ownership - Please Carly's, can I petition for some better quality/more adventurous food options? I'll even then pay for the overpriced beer without complaint.\n\n*Editor's Note : Seriously, does anyone else think the beer purchased at Tops is always about 7 degrees too warm? It's cool enough to drink, but warm enough to not be refreshing, and it drives me crazy. \n\nAnd, hang on, I'm not done: What the hell makes a martini organic anyway? Non-pesticide-infused, no-hormones-added-potatoes for the vodka?   ...Highly dubious, indeed.
"""5/12/10\n\nCame in to try some happy hour eats (Fibber Magee's offers 50% off all apps and flatbreads between 4p and 7p).  To begin my dining experience, I found the darkness in the pub to be overwhelming (a word I'd rather use in this context is \oppressing,\"""" but I'm trying to lighten up!).  I wouldn't have minded so much (as I could've sat closer to the door left ajar, which allowed light to come in), but then the music blaring out of the speakers overhead was just too much!  To compound the situation, the song selections were either U2 (which I liked) or jarring Irish punk rock (which I don't), most of which were of the latter.  :(  Perhaps I should've walked away after making these observations, but I've had FM bookmarked for at least six years now, and I wanted to get it over with.\n\nAfter many inquiries about food preparation, the bread used (which company?  specific ingredients used?), etc., I decided I'd go w/ the crabcakes and the braised rib sliders.  The crabcakes (topped w/ roasted red peppers and garnished w/ wasabi and mustard mayo, the latter I opted out) also came w/ a side mixed greens salad and a citrus vinaigrette. While this dish wasn't the best-looking of all the dishes I had that afternoon- don't let the pic of the bread pudding fool you, it was the best-tasting, but this isn't saying much.  I didn't care for the watered-down flavor of the citrus vinaigrette, and frankly, the crabcakes had enough flavor, so the lack of dressing wasn't a big deal.  I don't know if I'd order them again, though...  What was a big let-down was the braised shortrib sliders' dish.  Now these sliders looked fantastic, but the shortrib pieces were so sinewy and/or fatty, that, as much as I tried, I couldn't chew through any!  I really wanted to like these, bec. of those gorgeous-looking fried onion strings that sat on top of each slider.  Thankfully, my server offered to swap them for something else, and it was w/ a little sadness that I said goodbye to those onion strings :'(\n\nLately, mussels haven't appealed to me, so my server's suggestion to try FM's wasn't giving me much hope.   Surprisingly, these mussels tasted OK, and the price is right (for happy hour), and if I weren't already not disappointed in the darkness of the pub; the loudness of the music's volume; and the sub-par quality of the shortribs, I may have enjoyed them more.  With the hope of finding something good to write about, I ordered the bread pudding.  (At this point, I should've just given up.)\n\nThe bread pudding dish, which you'd think, looking at the pics I took, would taste good,  was a disaster!  It was dark in the pub, yes, but the dish looked like they just placed slices of bread down, showered them w/ dried cranberries, and poured some white chocolate sauce.  Something was amiss- was it even baked?  How was it prepared?  There wasn't enough cream sauce to cover most of the bread.  I was told that the bread was indeed soaked in the cream, and then baked, but this bread pudding had to be the worst I've ever tried.  The pics looked great, but don't be fooled...  \n\nThe server was friendly, and most of the stars reflect her attempts to appease me, but I didn't enjoy my experience there, and would never recommend this place to anyone."""""""
There were several things wrong with my recent visit to this restaurant.  I showed up wearing all black and was seated by a manager.  They use white linen and having worked in restaurants forever, I knew my napkin was going to leave white lint all over me.  I also knew that the manager knew, or should have.  I had to ask two people for a black napkin before one was delivered.  I ordered an Iced tea and the server brought me a mango Iced tea.  I asked her when she came back if they only had flavored tea and she said they did.  Why would you not tell me this when I ordered it you crazy beoch? Is what went through my head but I was celebrating my mother's birthday and didn't feel that would've been appropriate.  We ordered oysters and I ate two of them.  The first tasted like the ocean, not the nice clean blue waters of Hawaii type ocean, but the barnacle covered madness that smells like nasty ocean, you know what I mean.  The second one tasted better but I couldn't get the image of barnacles out of my head after that first one and I ate no more.  I then had the wedge salad which was fantastic and finished with Blacked Chicken Linguine in a cajun cream sauce.  It was also quite tasty.  Aside from the oysters the food was good, unfortunately the service calls for a two star rating.  Maybe this place is better during dinner.
"""I was mildly okay with Julios because it was cheap and it never made extravagant claims to being very good.  It's greasy, overly-cheesed \Mexican\"""" food that's bad for you.  Sometimes that's what you want... the large, lousy portions for not much money with shredded bits of iceberg lettuce.  Make no mistake, it's not good, but sometimes we all have our guilty pleasures and sub-adequate Mexican food happens to be one of mine sometimes--usually when I'm hungover or something.\n\nLast time I went there, I popped open a little salsa container for the chips and, Jesus Christ, it was a solidified gelatinous cube.  It wasn't frozen, either.  It was gelatin.  It was this... ugh.  It was denser than Jell-O, too, you could slice it with a plastic knife and it would continue standing on its own.\n\nAnd that's when I realized that what I was eating wasn't just bad food that's fun to treat yourself too every couple of months or a few times a year, I was eating a pile of failure.  The novelty was gone.  It's all fun and games until you see that salsa.  It's like having fun drinking in a dirty dive bar, then you fall down on a pile of broken glass.  The fun's over... clean up the glass, guys.  Start making fucking salsa in a food processor and take some goddamn pride in what you do."""""""
Total... service... breakdown!  I waited the obligatory 30 minutes on a Friday night so that my 2 boys and I could duck in for dinner (the make-your-own pizza is a kids favorite). When our buzzer buzzed, I took it up and the gentleman at the front said it must have malfunctioned.  My BS meter went to 10 as we waited for another 10 minutes for a seat.  Once seated, the waitress took a ton of time to get our order, and then for some inexplicable reason didn't enter our order until the first kids meal came out to the table - spanning at least 45 minutes from sitting to serving.  Maybe it was a bad night, I could hear constant service and kitchen screw-ups from the party of 10 behind us.  Food quality was bad on top of this... burger bun was hard, pizza dough was crusty *before* they cooked it as my son was making his pizza... the only thing they didn't screw up was my beer.    \n\nAlthough the wait is comporable, I will pick Yard House at the other end of Desert Ridge next time.  I'll stick to Rock Bottom on the West side at Arrowhead, which has never let me down.
"""OK I know I am going to get flack for this but here goes. Are you freaking kidding me, no tarter?!? \n\nOn the advise of Abu whose taste buds have now come into question, I tried Pete's yesterday. I trekked out in what felt like 500 degree heat to the ATM. Because Pete has not stepped into the 21st century yet! \n\nThe whole time I am thinking if they are still in business after no tarter and no debit it must be good, right? Wrong. I have been tricked, hoodwinked, bamboozled, led a stray, run a muck. Just flat out deceived! \n\nI ordered the deluxe seafood combo 2 pieces of fish, 7 shrimp, fries and a 32 oz drink. Which by the way did not have its price listed. I figured it couldn't be to much the regular combo has 1 less piece of fish and 3 less shrimp was only 5.95. Wrong again $9.45! Again thinking this fish must be outstanding! \n\nI get it home and it was still piping hot and smelled wonderful! Again with the trickery. I started with a french fry and it wasn't completely done in the middle yuck! I then moved onto what Pete describes as shrimp, really there was shrimp in there? I never tasted it and only saw some small specks of white and red inside the gross grease laden dough! UGH I had to spit it out. Even my dog left it and she has been known to eat her own poop! \n\nThe only reason Pete's did not rate a 1 star from me is the square fish. Yes I said square, it is a square patty just like McDonald's only it does taste better than Mickey D's. I didn't care for the red sauce on my fish. The 1st piece I ate plain and the second piece I added my own tarter sauce and it was delicious. On a sidebar some of the other fries were edible and pretty tasty. \n\nI have yet to find a joint that can top the catfish at Honey Bears but not for lack of trying. \n\nMoral of this story, only get the fish and chips, make sure your chips are cooked and have tarter on the ready!\n\nAlso Lain gave me this tid bit of info... \Pete the owner was murdered as he slept, they used a hammer and bashed his head in, just some trivia for you...\""""\n\nYeah they bashed his head in over that shrimp and no tarter sauce!"""""""
I have been wanting to try this place out for a long time and have heard great reviews.  At 130p on a Friday there was a 20 minute wait.  BUT...there was a table in the bar so we opted for that instead.  We sat down and ordered and were very excited about the atmosphere.  We ordered the ravioli for an appetizer, OMG delicious!  Superb!  Amazing!!!  We then moved on to the Italian wedding soup- Yikes- something went wrong.  The orzo looked like rice and was in clumps on the bottom of the bowl.  It was so salty I could not even eat it.  I had to return it.  There didn't seem to be a problem with that and our waitress did take it off the bill.  Oh by the way, I had to ask 3 times for more butter for the lovely flat bread and sourdough they place on the table.  Also, my friend had to ask twice for hot water for her tea.  The service was slow, forgetful, and not so friendly.  So, let's get back to the food.   I had ordered a flatbread which was basically a totinos pizza. yuck!  I had 2 corners and my friend took it home with her to take to work for lunch.  I would rather spend 99 cents for a cheap frozen pizza than eat at this place again.  Maybe a little happy hour with the ravioli- but nothing more...
"""A veteran of conveyer belt sushi restaurants, I was excited one had opened up here in Phoenix. However, I have to agree with the comment that they are \as fine as McDonald's\"""" because the sushi I had there wasn't very tasty. \n\nHowever, their greatest faux pas is not mediocre sushi; it's location. If they were up by ASU, there's no question they would be busier. But they are way out in a strip mall in SW Tempe, and I was one of only two customers at the dinner hour. I hope they get more of a lunch crowd.\n\nIf I were them, I'd 1) change location. They're open til 11pm, so they should be around a college or more populated area. 2) put sensor strips on the bottom of the plates so they can tell how many times the sushi has gone around. The same plates kept going by the whole time I was there, and who knows how long they had been on the belt. 3) The unagi I had was pretty good, but the tamago was tasteless. Figure out which items are tasty and which could be improved. Then improve them."""""""
Meal was comped went because it was - close to Westin Kierland. Ate at this place and sat outside due to having to wait 45 mins to sit inside. It was about 80 degrees outside and they have mist falling from the ceiling to keep you cool.\n\nFor an Italian place, it's alright. There's much better food. I had the steak skirts and came with a salad. I would not recommend this and should have gone for the pasta.\n\nAll in all it's pretty not good for the price, but it was free so, whatever.
Stopped in here for a Friday happy hour with co-workers. The beer was decently priced for happy hour. The appetizers were decently priced, which would be awesome if they were good.\n\nThe chicken strips were terrible. I have never eaten something so greasy and yet dry all at once. They are beer battered (like fish) which could be good, but the execution on this was terrible. The outside was really greasy which took away all of the crispy goodness that usually happens when things are battered and deep fried. The chicken itself was dry as a bone. We also got an order of fries that came out cold and were just below mediocre.\n\nThe place was really warm, which could be attributed to the summer heat, but we were sitting inside, so there is a fair assumption that air conditioning would be involved.\n\nI'll pass next time my coworkers are planning a trip here. I'd be better off eating at McDonald's.
Awful. Simply awful. \n\nBeing a vegetarian (who DOES NOT eat eggs) my options were about as varied as fruit and oatmeal. So exciting *rolls eyes*\n\nWe had a reservation at Noon on Fathers Day for a party of 9. Everyone ordered almost immediately after scouring the menu online and coming prepared. Our food arrived within minutes of 1 pm. An hour... seriously?\n\nMy fruit has what look liked bits of paper towels in it. Might not of been, who knows. My toast was cold and barely toasted, at best.\n\nI live in Phoenix and my family lives close to this location. Hence, why we went there. I am used to restaurants offering atleast a few dish options. Not this one--not even a veggie burger.
"""I was very excited to see what the new La Fonda location was like and what the food quality and the menu was going to be like, after the La fonda move from the Scottsdale location.  I used to go to the old location for many, many years, and loved it.   The new Baseline building location has been completely remodled and redecorated inside and out.  It looks great.  Right away, however,  I noticed a menu problem.  I used to order a burrito, alacarte and a taco or two.  The new menu has only burrito combination plates.  You cannot order a burrito ala carte.  A green chili burro will cost you $8.95, and come with beans and rice.  No other option is available.  I was told by our waiter that \They are trying to get away from the ala carte thing.\""""  I was very disappointed.  When my \""""Build Your Own Combo\"""" Lunch Menu order (burros are not offered with this option) came out, I was disappointed.  The shreadded beef taco meat was dry, tough and flavorless.  I could not even bite through it.  A server did offer to replace it with something else, but, I was starting to just want to get out of there, and count my losses.  The ground beef taco had no flavor, and the cheese portion put on both tacos was skimpy, at best.  The cheese enchilada was thin and skimpy.  The plate was very hot, and the beans and rice were OK.  It just is not the La Fonda I used to crave, and I doubt I will be back.  I might give it another chance, down the road a bit, to see if they improve.  This might be another case of a place that used to be good when they were small, but lose it when they expand to a huge new building."""""""
"""They say to never judge a book by it's cover and never judge a restaurant by their sign outside it's doors, but in this case, you pretty much can since the \Heart Attack Grill\"""" sign did not really stand out, therefore making it quite plain like it's calorific burgers. From the moment I stepped into this burger joint, I just couldn't feel the good vibe in the air. Three friends and I went here on our way to our grand road trip from Chicago to Los Angeles to Las Vegas and back. The consequences of not coming here were that (1) we could have eaten some steak at Big Texan Ranch at Amarillo, TX and/or (2) we could have visited the Grand Canyon. Let's just say at the end, we would have rather done the other options instead. Although we still saw the giant chasm on our way home, we still missed out on some potentially good steak in Amarillo. So as soon as we walked in the HAG, I just had this weird feeling like when you're watching a scary movie and someone is about to die. But in this case, I walked in and had this feeling that these burgers aren't going to be that great.\n\nOne thought came to mind when I first heard of this restaurant: \""""Hooters with Unhealthy Burgers?\"""" I decided to come here because this place was #39 on the Travel Channel's \""""Chow Down Countdown\"""" list; also because the waitresses are dressed as naughty nurses. From the segment, the place looked like a party. It was quite the opposite when my friends and I went. It seemed dead, although to HAG's defense, we came there on a Tuesday at 6:30, 2 hours before the restaurant closes. There were only two young nurses working as well as the head (older) nurse. The two young nurses were attractive but one of them was quite snobby. \n\nOK now to the burger. It was cooked real well and full of calories, lard, fat, and did I mention calories? I must say it was an \""""okay\"""" burger but not in the \""""Got to have again!\"""" category. With the unlimited fries that swam in lard, it's the same concept. I wasn't a big fan of getting my own condiments in the condiments bar. The same \""""CNN Heart Attack Grill portion\"""" clips was being played over and over on a loop throughout their big screens, rather than them showing sports. The aroma of a real hospital and the smell of lard also didn't help the cause. \n\nI had the Triple Bypass Burger and I was only able to eat it halfway. Overall, I can try to justify my 2-star rating because in my opinion, these burgers were not that great to me. My three other friends would definitely agree with me. Let me explain: Keep in mind that we were driving from Chicago to pass by Chandler non-stop. I don't know about my friends but I came through HAG's doors after being in a car for over 24 hours on a lightly filled stomach. Maybe it was the lard fries or the sugar Coke filling me up a little, but I didn't get the satisfaction from eating half of my burger. I actually got a better satisfaction from eating a Big Mac throughout the years. When it comes down to it, you eat here once and you'll probably not come back again, unless (1) you weigh over 350 lbs. and can eat for free, (2) You have paid the $500 annual membership fee to have 3 daily paid meals, or (3) you just want to check out the \""""nurses.\"""" \n\nI think my friends still have not forgiven me for taking them here. But to me, it's one of those, \""""Place wasn't so great, but I'm glad I still came here for I would have never known how it is.\"""" The Heart Attack Grill just didn't fill me up in the right way."""""""
I was fortunate to be in town during Memorial Weekend so I could check out the Farmer's Market and the $5 breakfast. FYI, the Market is closed for the summer and will re-open in October. We got there a little after 9am, but there was only a handful of vendors.  That was disappointing, but maybe we got there too early.  Since I didn't want any jewelry or honey, I went to stand in line for breakfast.  You actually pay first at the cashier line, then take your receipt to the breakfast station, so if it's crowded, you'll be standing in 2 lines.  A little annoying, but the breakfast station line moves fast.  I had the veggie frittata w/goat cheese, which came with Texas toast and potatoes.  It was ok, nothing special.  Other choices included pancakes and steak.  Not too much to do in the morning.  No mechanical bull, no activities.  The sundown hay ride and cookout might be more fun, but I was pretty disappointed. Probably won't go back.
"""Warning on Sprint:\n\nEven if you pay the monthly handset insurance, they have engineered their policies to basically force you to purchase an upgrade and re-up your contract if you run into ANY hardware problem after the first year or so of ownership.\n\nThe insurance only covers a direct replacement. If your handset is even slightly out of date they will tell you to wait (phoneless) 3-5 days for the replacement to get to you.\n\nOf course, you can always upgrade . . . for a fee.  . . \n\nBut if you have made the mistake in good conscience of taking the phone to a service center first and waiting an hour to see if your phone can be fixed, and then decide to upgrade while there, that's an $18 fee for trying to get it fixed in person rather than just putting in your ticket online and waiting 3-5 days. \n\nWhen you call to complain, you will be told that the charges are \system generated\"""" and thus can't be removed. I found that escalating to a manager (using keywords \""""cancel my account\"""") and telling him/her that you have a system that will generate letters to the attorney general and your credit card company and there is NOTHING YOU CAN DO TO STOP IT tends to work. I got my $18 back and I strongly suggest everyone else do this as well. If you don't get what you want on the first call, call back. And again. And again.\n\nThese policies apply no matter which plan you are on, and no matter how long you have been with them, and no matter how much other business you represent as a corporate customer.\n\nSo why 2 stars? Because really all cell phone companies basically suck balls and have from day one. At least Sprint usually lets me connect."""""""
"""Went here to meet up with friends on Friday afternoon for happy hour only to find that they do not have any drink specials.  Wtf?  What good are $3 appetizers if I am paying $9 for a glass of wine?  That did not make me very \happy\"""".  Also, the bar area was insanely crowded so good luck finding a place to sit.  I really don't get why everyone is so freakishly excited about this happy hour when in reality it is not even a happy hour, they are just running a sale on appetizers.  What a scam!\n\nOnce we got a table on the patio we had a pleasant enough time in spite of the fact that our server, Amanda, was god-aweful.  I had a chopped salad that was just ok and also split the Calabrese flatbread with my sister which was quite delicious earned them an extra star, but isn't enough for me to want to go back any time soon."""""""
Have been here several times over the years and each time hopeful it will have gotten better and each time it doesn't.\n\nLast night was another example of why we say we are not going to go back and after several years, try again and then say the same thing.\nIt was a beautiful warm spring day that sparked our desire to have a patio drink and dinner and Vu Bistro came to mind, since it is close to home.  \n\nWe checked on line and entertainment was reported to start at 6:30.  We got there at 6:15 and settled in at a table with two chairs.  The waitress came over and said they wanted to keep that table for four people and asked us to move, which we said we liked the table and wanted to be near the music.  She was not happy, but we were and most places the customer is right (not here!).\n\nWe have always been amazed this place is still in business as the staff and owner always seem grumpy and unfriendly.\n\nIn a nutshell......the service was very slow and unfriendly, the entertainment finally started playing at 7:15 and were awful!  Both singers were off key and most songs boring.  After hunting down our waitress and asking to have our order taken, our food finally arrived (cold) an hour after it was ordered, it was so dark we couldn't see what we were eating and we couldn't eat fast enough to get out of there and get away from the whole scene.  \n\nOne of the waiters, was in such a frenzy, running back and forth that just watching him wore us out.  He was really wired.\n\nOur experience was more of the same and this time we will not go back.  Instead, dinner on our own lovely patio, with our choice of music and tranquility.  \n\nYou can keep your Vu!
"""The only way to have a good time at Junkie is to get there early and snag a table, or be a hot 20 year old and butter up the bouncer... and then the bartender when you get inside.   If either of those doesn't work for you, then plan on waiting in a long line and getting terrible service at the bar.    Don't let my opening statement steer you away, there is potential for a good time here.  Of the handful of times I've subjected myself to the low scale, high priced, barely 20 something bar, I've had fun twice.   The key both of those times was getting a table!! The waitress counts on you for her tips, so she will be attentive and she has \pull\"""" with the bartender so you can get your drinks way quicker.   Every time I've had to go to the bar, I've been completely ignored. Now, I'm no supermodel, but I'm not too sore on the eyes either... not even my D cups worked!  At our last visit we actually ordered some appetizers, they were just okay, but exactly what I would expect from bar food.  I struggle with my rating because I would give Junkie a 3 for the two times I had a good experience, but 1.5 for the others.  I guess that tells me that my fellow yelpers have done us solid with a current rating of 2.5."""""""
The service here is horrible! I've had better at McDonalds. For being a restaurant in The Phoenician, I expected better service. It was as quiet as a library. It was a 4 hr dinner that shouldve been 2. We asked for a sommelier to come to give us a wine suggestion... Finally we just picked it ourselves. The food was ok. There's so many better places in Scottsdale. If you are here from out of town (I am a local), I suggest leaving The Phoenician to get much better service and food elsewhere. I'm giving it two stars only because the bunnies were cute that were running around.
"""I'm still trying to wrap my brain around what happened yesterday. This is technically my second time going to this event... the first time, I was with my girlfriend at the time. Neither of us could handle being there for more than a few minutes, so we got our entry fee refunded and ate at a Mexican food place nearby (which was pretty disgusting if I remember correctly).\n\nThis year, I was determined to check it out. I went with a few friends, and we wisely decided to get drunk before going. \n\nThe Scottsdale Culinary Festival is a misnomer... it's neither culinary, nor a festival. At least it's actually in Scottsdale. It's more like a parade of drunk douchebags. My friend spent the day giddily taking pictures of d-bag shirts and dumb hairstyles. It's very different seeing them outside of the clubs. \n\nThe food here was a joke... mostly chain restaurants. There wasn't anything culinary about it aside from the fact it was food. This city has some amazing unique restaurants, and it seemed like the sampling at the event wasn't representational of the kinds of fantastic \culinary\"""" experiences one can have here.\n\nThere's nothing really festival about this either. It's definitely an event, but apart from security, port-a-pottys, \""""beer gardens,\"""" and wrist bands - it's just some boring food and drink. \n\nMy biggest problem with it is that you have to pay to get in, then you have to buy tickets so you can buy food and drink. They should just raise the price of admission, and have the food be free plus a drink ticket or two. I mean, this should be about restaurants showing off what they can do to get people interested in eating there. \n\nThe vendors at these booths all paid to be here. People pay to get in, and I'm sure the promoter makes a portion of the overall ticket sales. Whoever runs this thing is probably making bank off it. It's a huge sham when you think about it. Red Bull paid a ton to be there and have a premium spot - they weren't even giving their drinks away (which they often do at events like this).\n\nOverall, it was a big joke - but we managed to have fun. It was interesting people-watching, but beyond that there wasn't any reason to come. If I had to do this totally sober, I would've been miserable.\n\nEdit: After browsing the other reviews, it seems like I didn't completely understand the event. I wasn't aware proceeds went to charities, and I didn't see a lot of the restaurants other people listed. I guess at an event like this, everyone is going to have a different experience."""""""
Attention South Scottsdale:\n\nFry's Grocery store looking for customers.  Must meet at least one of the following criteria, preferably more than one:\n\n1)  Willard Scott must have wished you a Happy Birthday at least once.\n2)  You must prefer to ride around on a motorized cart not because you are disabled, but because you are at a comfortable weight of 350 lbs.\n3)  Must be willing to hold up the pharmacy line for an eternity discussing every ailment you and your cousin Ethel have ever had, and have no knowledge of insurance whatsoever.\n4)  You must steer your cart as bad as you do your Buick in the parking lot.\n5)  Must consider the middle of a shopping aisle a suitable place for social interaction and bingo.\n6)  You must be a cheap ass and appreciate Fry's prices are lower than nearby markets.\n\nSadly, I fall into the latter category.  See you next week Fry's.
I wish I could give this place five stars, I really do. I've been to all vegan (this place is no, but is close) Chinese restaurants in NY, Philly and Boulder, and was hoping that this would be similar.\n\nIt took us three tries to even get to eat here, as they have odd hours to start with, and seemed to be closed sometimes when their sign said that they should be open.\n\nThe first time, we were the ONLY people in the whole place, and it still took us 45 minutes to get served, and another 20 from when we were done until we could get our check. The second visit, there were other people there, but there were more servers, and it took, no kidding, over an hour to even get our soup. AN HOUR.  Our tea pot and water glasses were empty long before that.\n\nThe food? It's ok.  It's not amazing, but as a vegetarian, it's nice to know that you can eat anything on a menu. The Mushroom Hot Pot was ok but a little bland. I liked the steamed dumplings, but the sauce was a bit odd.\n\nDon't forget the odd TVs all around the place playing interesting cult-like clips about Supreme Master Ching Hai and his biddings. Which is kinda cool to begin with, but when you're sitting there for an hour or two, it gets a bit old.\n\nI really wanted to like this place, but I can't. We won't be going back unless they get a big overhaul.
"""The first time I went to this place, I got a veggie yakisoba.\nI was very impressed that their vegetables seem to be cooked from fresh, not frozen. I also really like that they have a smaller size option about half the size of your usual styrofoam box. It was greasier than I care for, but that is a common issue with fast food yakisoba noodles.\n\nThe second time I went I got a tofu veggie thing over rice. I was starving so I thought it was great, until I came across a piece of chicken in it. Regardless of being vegetarian, meat does need to be stored seperately to be sanitary, so this is worrisome. My boyfriend ate the rest of it and said he thought it was \ok\"""" but he would've rather had something else. \n\nI really wanted to like this place since its so convenient for me, but I won't be eating there again."""""""
I've been here twice, which was obviously enough. The first time was in 2002, before I was old enough to drink legally. It became obvious to me then that state fairs are only fun for people over 21 or under 12.\n\nIn 2008, I came with some friends who bought a $6 hamburger at one of the tents, took one bite, and threw it in the trash. One of them remarked later that it was the only time in his life he'd spit food out in disgust. While this was happening, another friend and I asked a toothless Vietnam veteran manning another tent where we could find the nearest restroom. His reaction suggested that we were insane for asking such a ridiculous question; we surmised that perhaps, due to some bizarre war injury, he had not taken a piss since 1973. Bottom line, customer service is not high on the priority list at the state fair. Nor is edible food.
"""I'll be honest. Einstein Bros Bagels in Tempe is my typical go-to breakfast spot. I can walk there, it's always full of friendly faces, and it usually produces pretty great, affordable bagels and coffee. What's not to like!? Last week I stopped by for a last minute bagel on my way to work and was extremely disappointed by the service I experienced. I ordered my usual egg white and cheddar sandwich on an \everything\"""" bagel to go. I paid, took a seat, and waited while my order was completed on a busy Friday morning. I watched the bagel-guru slice my bagel, stick it through the toaster, and promptly drop it on the ground. After some swearing under her breath I sat back and patiently continued to wait...I wasn't in a huge hurry. She put a new bagel in the toaster and I watched as after 10 seconds or so...it ignited in flames! I saw her whack it a few times to put the fire out, and saw her put in a new bagel. \n\nUnfortunately when I got to work and unwrapped my long-awaited breakfast, I discovered that the bagel-burner had assembled my sandwich on the victim of the toaster fire. The sandwich was charred, crispy, and tasted like I had taken a spoon to what was left of a campfire after a night of s'mores. \n\nOverall, Einstein's produces good food fairly quickly and for a good price...but lately I've had some not-so-positive experiences. I am a sucker for service, and you can bet I'll be letting another neighborhood bagel joint make my breakfast from here on out."""""""
"""So much potential, yet so lacking -- especially when compared to the timeless awesomeness of brother AZ88.  Everyone else has summarized some of the low points (e.g., low energy).  I'll just recount a ridiculous interaction with a large man who I think is the manager.\n\nThis place seems to be very proud of its prosciutto.  Fair enough.  I ordered a couple of things with the prosciutto, like the prosciutto-wrapped shrimp.  After tasting it cooked and wrapped around the shrimp, I wanted to taste it on its own.  But we had already ordered drinks and plenty of food.  We were sitting at the bar when the manager came over to slice some prosciutto.  A few scraps fell on a plate; I asked him to try a tiny taste.\n\nSure, that's not a normal request at a restaurant, but it's not totally out of line, either, especially for something like cured meat.  He snapped back at me, \This is very expensive.  If you want it, order it and pay for it.\""""  I thought he was joking.  He wasn't.  I thought that reaction was uncalled for.  It's very expensive?  Give me a break; it's on the menu for $4.95.\n\nThe manager cemented my impression of him as a loser when he talked complained about another server to the bartender, within earshot of me and everyone else at the bar.  He called him lazy and \""""not all there\"""" because he couldn't understand some people's orders.\n\nThat's a discussion to take in the back, not at the bar in front of customers.  And please, get off your high horse about your $4.95 prosciutto."""""""
Oh Sprinkles. When I moved right around the corner from you, I was SO excited. I got you pretty often (considering the secret code to get a free daily cupcake and being that close, how could I pass it up?!) but the more I thought about it, the more I wanted to stay away. I have since tried other local cupcake bakeries, a few not so good and a few were amazing. I had my last Sprinkles Cupcake I will ever eat today, Sprinkles continually has hard, dry cupcakes and I am over spending $3+ for 1 cupcake. Not worth the hype, and I feel as if the girls who work here don't know how to smile (a little customer service goes a long way ladies & gents!). Sad really, I used to adore this place so much. I am giving it 2 stars only because they do offer the daily secret word to get a freebie.
This place is located next door to a nail salon.  The smell is overwhelming.  The acetone and other strong chemicals used at that salon carry over into the restuarant.  I am sorry for them.  We were there 8/15/11 for happy hour.  Food was average.  Service was average.  All just average.  I think others give this place high stars because they have no other sushi options in this area.  They don't know what they are missing.  There is nothing special about Yen.  And the chemical smell from their neighbor was so strong that we will never go there again.  I don't know who was there first, but if Yen wants to stay, I hope the nail place relocates.
"""My husband insists on going here for the Animal Fries... every time we go there the service is consistently sub-par.  This most recent time, beverages took forever, the server didn't know how to properly open a bottle of wine (thank goodness this one server whom I've seen bust his butt a couple times before helped us out) and I got a spotted glass that I ended up polishing myself.   She was nice enough and never ever rude or short-tempered but blonde hair and a short shirt doesn't get a great tip from me.  Prompt service does. We waited quite a long time for our check then to have the check processed and then even longer for a to-go box.  It's ok for me and my hubby but I don't take any out-of-town visitors there.  There are too many other options in that area that appreciate their guests and always are looking for ways to Wow them... in a good way.  These guys \Wow\"""" me every time... but in a bad way.  Total time there -  nearly an hour and a half for 2 apps, a kids meal, a bottle of beer and a bottle of wine (that I ended up corking and taking with me).  PS - the cheese plate consists of deli cut cheeses and meats... not impressive either."""""""
Out of my desperation for needing a seafood fix in Tempe one night, the boyfriend and I went to King's. It was a brand I was familiar with so I thought it would be good...the result? Very over-priced, over-cooked, bland seafood. Fish and chips were not nearly as good as George and Dragon, the shrimp was rubbery, and the clam chowder tasted like it was from a can. The only good thing about the meal was the complimentary sourdough bread and the servers were very nice and friendly. Not impressed.
"""I was pretty excited to come here. I have been recently diagnosed with celiac disease. They have gluten-free health food, and a LOT of it is vegan. This restaurant specializes in working with food allergies but apparently does not specialize in \flavor\"""".  I love healthy food. Chakra 4 is one of my favorite restaurants, and I love healthy, fresh veggies in their raw form! But they have food that is yummy.\n\nIf I wanted rabbit food with balsamic vinegar, well... I could do that! I got the Kitchen Sink salad (had greens, carrots, chickpeas, black beans, jicama, broccoli, mango, and candied walnuts that weren't candied.) that sounded good, but was okay. The roasted butternut squash appetizer quite honestly was the most boring thing I've ever eaten. \n\nI sampled my fianc\u00e9's food and it mostly tasted like allspice and not much else (he got the quinoa salad, wild rice, and southwestern soup). All I could smell was allspice - I think. It was something pungent.\n\nTruly disappointed. I probably won't prioritize going back there, but I'm willing to give it another shot.\n\nYawn."""""""
"""As someone who has had working experience in the airline industry on the scheduling and pricing end, I feel I can't gripe about the usual boohoos everyone else has about the airline industry. To clear up a few things to express my point: \n\n-Long lines: this is a part of going to the airport. Get over it or deal with the several-times-longer method of surface transit\n-Delays: this is another part of the airport experience. So what if it's sunny and gorgeous outside. Your flight began in Atlanta, where there are thunderstorms and tornadoes. \n-Cranky people: air travel may not be as easy as you think. In the year 2009, the questions people still ask surprise me. *Fun Fact: Did you know an E-ticket is exactly that? An ELECTRONIC ticket. Yeah, you can book travel and go to the airport with nothing but your government-issued ID and you'll get a boarding pass. You REALLY don't need anything else. Little kinks in the grand system and little things happening in people's lives can make them a bit cranky\n-Uncomfortable seats: airplanes are metal tubes run by people who want to cram as many people in as possible in order to make a profit. This is a capitalist society and that's just part of it. Lower-quality seats are cheaper to purchase than plush velvet.\n\nThat and more make up the curse of air travel. Now, I will focus specifically on Southwest. They are a \closet hub-and-spoke\"""" airline, as in they consider themselves point-to-point. I will admit that they do offer a fair selection of some point-to-point routes. However like all airlines they have hubs and focus cities, Phoenix being one of their hubs. This means that it is likely that if you live here, or visit here frequently, you will use it for a domestic flight. They are decent for Vegas or Southern California cities, but aren't a great option for many large cities east of Arizona, especially those with two or more commercial airports, as they typically service the most inconvenient ones for vacations, such as BWI, Dallas Love, Chicago Midway or MacArthur Islip on Long Island. \n\nTheir flight attendants remind me of preschool teachers and it seems they get end-of-the-year bonuses for acting like clowns. They're nice and friendly, but a bit overly perky and bubbly. The unassigned seating is a fiasco and this airline more than any other American carrier seems to be the de facto family carrier. I haven't been on any other carrier that attracts as many children, and I've been on a long list from American to Continental, from Cathay Pacific to Thai, from Asiana to AirFrance. Southwest  does offer competitive rates, but you will get what you pay for, including a flying day care and mystery seat. The whole A,B,C boarding process is ridiculous, as you really have no say in where you sit. For a weekend trip to Vegas or Southern California, from Phoenix, your options are US Airways, Southwest or United Express (LAX only) and in my opinion, unless Southwest offered an unbeatable deal, I would pay a little more to take either of the other two.\n\nI could prattle on about specific experiences, though those could happen on any airline. In short, the structure and policies of Southwest are its weakest points. I will say that it isn't the worst airline I've ever been on (Aeroflot is the absolute worst and most likely will always be the absolute worst) but I would definitely look at other options, even choosing a layover on a different carrier though Southwest might offer a non-stop option. As I said before, I would fly it again, but only if the difference in fare between it and its competition was significantly lower."""""""
I read the previous review on here and I wanted to go here and prove him wrong. Unfortunately, I couldn't. I really wanted to like this place but it just wasn't happening. Now I do think that the previous reviewers rating of one star was a bit extreme, because it's not that bad, but it's not good either. Something about the place is just off. The food court setting isn't bad really, it's just the way things were done. First off, they asked if I wanted iced tea or something else when I had already asked for tea, just the regular tea that every dim sum place across the country gives you usually without even asking. The tea itself was a bit off too. As for the carts it was just the same three carts for the duration of our thirty minute stay. I got the baked char siu bun and the siu mai. Everything looked pretty unappetizing except for the pastries and these noodles the ladies at the table behind us had. The bun I had was alright, but the pork filling was totally sub-par. The siu mai was not very good either. Also, the chile oil on the table had an off consistency too. Like I said before I really wanted to like this place but I just can't. I will try it again in a few weeks because I'm hoping that they figure out what they're doing wrong and fix it because this place has great potential.
"""I'm torn on Sacks.  I love the concept, but each time I pick up a sandwich here, it never lives up to this idea that I have in my mind.  Something is always off.  The most common complaint stems from the greasy, buttery sensation present in most of the breads.  They frequently remind me of a grilled cheese sandwich gone bad, with a few toppings to mix it up.  The chicken soup is bland and in general, I find it a mediocre lunch spot.\n\nThe \art\"""" theme on the menu is adorable and perhaps that's why I expect it to be a bit better.  While I know some people grump about it, I'm a huge fan of the artisan breads and in my head, Sacks should be on top of this.  The few baguettes they serve are awesome.  The sandwich names are cute, but reality doesn't quite measure up.\n\nOccasionally, I'll have luck off of the specials menu.  They seem to have a better, fresher selection and it's by far the best option.  I'm still not completely satisfied with this and tend to only go when tagging along with a friend or co-worker.\n\nSacks is usually crowded around lunchtime, but they take phone orders.  If orders meet a minimum, they're also able to deliver.  The service has always been quick despite the massive flood of people they get, and I have no complaints about the human interaction.\n\nThe most fabulous thing about Sacks?  The delicious and perfect chocolate chip cookie that's included with your meal."""""""
Here's the quick and dirty (keep in mind that I give some leeway when reviewing airport food versus normal food):\n\nPros:\n-quick service\n-great place if you want to catch a game\n-really impressed with free wifi at PHX\n-For folks who need to charge their computer during their downtime, there are outlets on some of the corner tables\n\nCons:\n-burger was mediocre and you'd expect them to have burgers nailed at least (choice was b/w medium well and well which should have been a sign). this may be the best PHX has to offer, but I doubt it.\n\nWould recommend trying somewhere else.
This place has been my favorite on on every Tuesday, and I have never had any problems at all until last Tuesday!\n\nThere were 3 of us went to the restaurant together, and we were told that we had to wait at least 45mins for the next table available. Ok fine, we guess we just needed to hang around until we were called.\n\nHowever, 30mins came by and we came in and check - There were several booths and tables were available. The hostess refused to sit us because the kitchen was busy and there were not a lot of servers. She asked us to wait another one hour!\n\nOne hour? I mean really?  It was freaking 9pm and we were starving! All of us were pissed, left the place and went to Kona Grill which had so much better options....\n\nThey need to do something about it - I mean Tuesday is Wings Night and they expected it not to be busy? Heck no!
Three of us went to Fresh Mint today for lunch.  We did not like it.  We started with an order of Summer Rolls.  Yuck, they were a piece of tofu and shredded cabbage rolled in rice paper, served with a thick, unappealing peanut sauce studded with raw peanuts. Presentation was nice, but it did not taste like anything except cabbage wrapped in rice paper.  My companions each ordered Pad Thai and I had the Five Spice Pho.  The Pad Thai arrived first. I looked at it and was very happy I did not order it.  It looked like a plate of gummy sauce-covered glop.  Tasted as bad as it looked. My Five Spice Pho looked delicious, but did not have any flavor.  Adding the hot sauce that is served on the side, only added heat, but no flavor.  The broth tasted like water.  We did like the Mint Lemonade, but at $3.95 a glass, it was pretty pricey.  Our lunch bill came to $44.  Very expensive for what we were served.\n\nNeedless to say, I am crossing Fresh Mint off my list.  No reason to go back.  I gave it 2 stars out of respect for the Yelpers that think it is so great, but actually, I would rather give it one.  Vegetarian does not have to be bland and tasteless.
This place has great decor and some smokin servers from time to time, but the food and prices have been a disappointment on every occasion.\n\nI can't tell you how many times I have given this place a chance over the past 4 or more years. On some occasions we were there for a birthday, and on other occasions just to grab a quick bite.\n\nThe dishes which contain chicken breast have always been overcooked and very dry. As for the Sushi rolls, they are far from the best, and certainly nothing special. On occasion they have a rendition of ceviche or a squid salad which both sound promising. Once again on each occasion, the presentation was there, but the portions were very small, certainly didn't taste like anything that was satisfying, and the price tag was insulting for what we had.\n\nThe only reason that I go to this place at all now, is to grab a quick drink if I'm walking around the area.\n\nThis is one of those places that creates the stereotypical Scottsdale image, just as RA does just up the street. It's a place to say that you ate at if you want to be a stereotypical, brain dead, Scottsdale doucher. The fact that you consider it to be the best means one of the following:\n\n1.) You were extremely fortunate and your food was prepared and presented to perfection.\n\n2.) You have no idea what good sushi consists of, and are probably a huge fan of California, Las Vegas, or Godzilla rolls.\n\nor\n\n3.) You are a young blonde bombshell with no brain who thinks that it's cool to eat Sushi because you are a sheep and think that everything that you see on 'Keeping up with the Kardashian's' is what real life is all about. (or because you watch some other BS show on MTV and are influenced by the complete ass hats with no brains).\n\nEither way, this place is typically a terrible place to go and eat if you want to enjoy good Sushi, Sashimi, etc.\n\nThey do have a nicely decorated interior and sit at a nice location in old town.\n\nIf you're dating a younger girl with her head in the clouds she will love this place! =)\n\nSorry for the rant and ill painted picture, you can see that I'm over the Scottsdale illusion and have no tolerance for it...\n\nIf you are in the area, I would hit Kyoto or Pearl before this place, but a quick drive to Missouri and 7th ave will get you the best Sushi experience with a decent price tag.\n\nCheers and much luv! =)\n\nFYI...I'm certainly not hating on blonde females, I love them to death as long as they don't fit into that superficial stereotype.
So I usually try not to eat sushi in cities so far from the coast. But we came here for my bachelorette party because one of my friends has celiacs and can't eat gluten anything. So Japanese tends to be safest for her.\n\nThe sushi wasn't bad.. I didn't get sick so thats a plus! I did venture into some raw fish and it was okay. Not fresh like what you get in SF.. but okay. But really.. for the price, I'd never go back.. its super expensive for what you get. And my teeny bottle of sake was double what it would have been at a restaurant in SF (and triple just buying it at a store).\n\nThe staff was nice, everything looked pretty. But two stars because I have experienced better.. a lot and I will probably never go back.
Have you seen American Psycho? Set in the 1980s, every character is obsessed with what restaurants are hot, and which are totally over. Everything about AZ 88 made me think of that film, and how they'd be firmly in the latter category. \n\nTo be fair, I was only here as an evening drinking destination and not for dinner, but I was shocked at how 80s the place felt (even the name is 88!) and also how empty it was. Typically I'm a big fan of specialty handcrafted cocktails, and their entire list was pretty underwhelming. It certainly didn't seem current. \n\nPatrick Bateman would be horrified to be here. I'd just be incredibly apathetic to return.
I visited a couple times about 25 years ago, when my future wife was infatuated with one of the bartenders. TeePee seemed reasonably satisfying back then and I cant decide if tastes have changed that much or the food has objectively fallen off a cliff. \n\nIt may be a little of both. \n\nTable service was friendly but inattentive, if that makes sense.  Decor is Flintstones meets Happy Days on the Oregon Trail. Or something.  Which would be fun....if the food was edible.  Prices run a buck or two higher than many Mexican chains; again, reasonable only if the food was better. Or even as good, as BajaFresh, Taco Bell or Chipotle. \n\nIn this industry, there's a thin line between venerable charm and past- its-prime trap, and if you insist on lousy ingredients and dont bother to ask customers how they want their heuvos cooked, then even if your front hostess is a doll, you're on the wrong side of that line.
Ordered the seafood curry and it looked delicious but tasted very bland, we had to add sugar and fish sauce to make it edible. The pleasant waitress reccomended the spicy chicken as a special whch turned out to be the same sauce and style of Pandas Orange chicken and at $18.00 for orange chicken? Perhaps we came in at a bad day or did not order the right dishes? This place may be over rated. Service was spectacular! Food not!
Oh, brother! The grocery prices here are OBSCENE! Very sad that there is so very little competition in the entire Valley of the Sun for quality food.  I mean, the old co-op way down in Tempe has been gone many years now. And Wild Oats was summarily gobbled up by this multi-national corporate behemoth.  \n\nIn addition to grocery prices, the quality of their deli foods have gone downhill ... that food is now just sort of low frequency, if you know what I mean.  If not, oh well.  \n\nSure, this place is fun. But, really?  I mean REALLY? When you do see comparable items the cost is a full 33 percent more than Trader Joes.  Gag.
The first thing I noticed was its nice patio area.  The second thing was its stand-in-line order process.  I completely agree with Gabi M, as having to wait until you reach the cashier to ask questions regarding the menu is quite annoying for us, and for the patrons waiting behind us.\n\nMy wife was going to order the Rancher Salad, as it came with  grilled steak and caramelized onions.  Interesting note: the menu doesn't mention that the steak comes pre-grilled, served cold.  Good thing we asked.  Cold meat didn't sound that appetizing, so she deferred to the Liberty Bowl + Pasta.\n\nI was going to order the Salmon Plate but become enamored with the wood fired pizza oven, and went with a Margherita pie.  Good thing!  The salmon comes cured and served cold (the online menu didnt mention that, but the store menu did).  I also ordered a cup of caprese pasta salad.\n\nWhile we waited near a boisterous table, we noticed how loud it can get inside, as it echos.\n\nMy cavatappi pasta in my caprese pasta salad was fairly dry, although it did come with grape tomatoes and tiny balls of fresh Mozzarella cheese which were good.  I wouldn't order it again though.\n\nThe cavatappi pasta also made an appearance in my wife's Liberty Bowl entree.  I would have opted for a penne or spaghetti or linguine, but am sure its much easier on the kitchen to have to prepare one pasta type.  I liked the sauce, but found the meatball to be almost chalky, but definitely crumbly, with a taste reminiscent of Chef Boyardee meat nads.  My wife didn't want to eat them.  I smooshed one on my plate and photographed it for your viewing pleasure.\n\nThe saving grace was their wood fired pizza.  The crust was fantastic.  Thin but not cracker crisp.  It was crisp on the outside, but soft inside, with a great taste.  I highly recommend this menu item.  They used a fresh crushed tomato sauce, which was spot-on.  I commend them for this, as they could have opted for the easy way out, using the Liberty Bowl maranara sauce.\n\nTheir dessert case did not contain many appealing offerings.  Most of them just looked dry.  For example, refer to my photos of the brownies and cinnamon rolls.  I agree with my wife.  If you are going to display something in a case for all to see, make sure its fresh and remains visually appealing.  If you're unable to accomplish this, why have a dessert case?  Where's the allure?\n\nSorry Liberty Market.  Our first trip was very disappointing, which means it will probably be our last.
"""AAA 4 stars???\n\nI have stayed here numerous times over the years, and it's very consistent.  So why 2 stars?  Ah, because it's been consistently below average.\n\nFirst off, the hotel is open-air and the rooms open to nature, as opposed to an interior corridor.  During the winter, it's not too bad, but when I go during the summer, it sucks - especially right after checking in and having to trek across the sprawling property (nicely manicured, though it may be) in 120 degree weather.  \n\nI also hate the wifi service.  I tend to scoff when a hotel says they have \high speed\"""" Internet because it's usually akin to dial up.  Granted, it's speedier than the 14.4kbs (yes, I'm dating myself), but it doesn't feel a whole lot better.  I'm exaggerating, but if you've ever watched Yelp load over a slow connection, you know my frustration.\n\nAnother issue I have had is the pool.  Well, not the pool in and of itself.  It's the bands that play until midnight or later.  Priceline must hate me, because I'm always stuck with a room by the pool, and always on a night they have a band.  Wouldn't be so bad, except for the fact I'm always there for business and usually have to wake up at 5am the next day.  \n\nNow, I will give this place credit for being a nice plate to rest your head (when the music dies down) and, if you use Priceline, you can end up with a great rate.  However, there are other hotels in the same class and price range that up the ante.  4 stars?  Meh, I've experienced better."""""""
So we went again, we love the patio. This time for drinks and appetizers.  The service was horrible. The drinks good. The hummus a little weird in flavor. Not really Persian and creamy. Lumpy and brownish with too little bread. The pizza was horrible, tiny no flavor, digiorno is better. The lettuce cups were so so, the restaurant seems committed to using something sweet and stcky in everything. I don't know the name of the spice but it smells like potpourri and tastes like room freshner
"""Have lived a few blocks from this place for 6 years and have never gone. Saw a Groupon last week and decided to buy it. Thought I'd give it a try. Arrived around 11:30am today with my boyfriend to have lunch. We were the only ones in there. (Maybe about 20 mins later 2 more ppl showed up). Waiter was attentive and immediately brought us menus and took our drink order. I ordered the Shrimp Po'Boy and my b/f ordered the Gyro. As we were waiting on our food I glanced/looked around the restaurant. Taking it all in. Poorly decorated. Could use a deep cleaning. The condiment bottles greasy/sticky with fingerprints. Most of the ketchup bottles on the tables were empty. Also had me wondering if they keep the squeeze ketchup bottles refrigerated at night since they were all dirty and empty. Our food came. Our plates looked appetizing. French fries were soggy and cold. Not crispy whatsoever. The shrimp on my Po'Boy were big. The cornmeal coating on the shrimp was tasty. The hoagie bun was dried out completely. It fell apart or you could say crumbled apart. I ended up just eating the shrimp and leaving the bread & fries. Very disappointed. My b/f said his gyro was \just okay\"""". It had pieces of chicken, turkey bacon, & beef in it. Not your traditional gyro. His fries, too, were soggy and cold. Thank God we had a Groupon because if we had to pay $25.00 for 2 sandwiches & 2 iced teas that we did not enjoy at all, I would have been totally irritated. Would have given a 1 star but the waiter was nice. So giving an extra star and making it a 2."""""""
Great pizza but service was well below average. With only two other tables active in the restaurant, you would think that the service would have been much better. Seemed like we were inconveniencing the staff by being there. We arrived at about 2:30 and waited to be seated for about 5 minutes before being taken to our table. We sat there for another 10 minutes before our order was taken. We received our drinks soon after and wouldn't se a refill until after our food was completely gone and the bus boy had taken all of our dishes away. At that point, the server asked if we wanted desert and mumbled something about padding his tip before dropping the bill off. \n\nThis was my first experience at this restaurant and I have to say that it didn't live up to the expectations. For the money, $30 for a pizza three drinks and tip, I could have had much better service and equally as good pizza at NYPD or Bell Italia. You will not find me visiting this restaurant in the near future.
"""Absolutely disappointed.  When your primary product is pizza and your menu is fairly limited you need to work hard to set yourself apart the crowd.  Unfortunately for me, Grimaldis fell flat on its face from an experience standpoint.  While my previous experiences have been average my latest encounter left me regretting my choice.  This evening I ordered a pizza to-go which you would think would be a simple uneventful task.  Not so.  My son and I stood waiting for 5 minutes before someone even offered to help us without any other customers waiting ahead of us.  Then we watched as the manager proceeded to pull each of the two girls who were handling take out orders away from their job to discuss some errors that had apparently occurred during their shift.  Mind you, this is in the midst of a Sunday night take out rush.  After the second girl got her \talking to\"""" I watched as she tried to compose herself (unsuccessfully) and then proceeded to remove her apron and walk out the door.  That left one poor girl to tend the phones and handle the to-go traffic since the Manager conveniently decided to disappear to the back of the house after her \""""talks\"""" with the to-go staff.  The remaining girl jumped between calls while to-go orders piled up below her counter.  I had a sneaking suspicion that one of those pizzas was mine, since I had now been waiting over 25 minutes, but I had no chance to ask about it because nobody was around to ask and the one counter girl was jumping from call to call.  After waiting another 15-20 minutes the girl started checking the pizzas and, just as I had assumed, brought me mine from the pile.  When I told her that I knew that this pizza had already been sitting there for 20 minutes she apologized and offered the lame excuse that it was very busy tonight.   \nI have at least 5-10 other pizza places I pass on my way to this place and Grimaldis just gave me an excuse to either try the others again or give them a first try before I return to this place."""""""
I don't know what to say.  2 fish burritos and a coke for 13 bucks.  the burritos were big.  if there are two of you just get one and split.  The fish was deep fried which sucked.  I don't know if you can ask for grilled.  They don't ask.  I don't eat beef so that kind of limits me.  the beef could be awesome and chicken great.  Better than taco bell, but i would have to go back and try it again for a solid grade.  but if you are hungry and you will eat anything they seem to have a lot of specials.
"""Go find a dictionary. Look up the word \Meh\"""". Right next to it you will see a picture of Five Guys Burgers and Fries. \n\nI went to Five Guys with an open mind, having heard some good things about it from various friends and family. I walk in and am immediately bombarded with about 50 (maybe even more) signs with positive Five Guys reviews from various publications. \""""BEST BURGER IN PHILIDELPHIA!\"""", \""""HAMBURGER HEAVEN\"""", :\""""FIVE GUYS KNOWS FRIES\"""". Not only do I disagree with all of these reviews but I felt as if I was having these positive reviews shoved down my throat and if, god forbid, I felt differently than the reviews then I was some sort of freak. \n\nOn to the food. I ordered a \""""Little Bacon Cheeseburger\"""". It was 4.99. Apparently I am paying $1 for each one of the \""""Guys\"""" in \""""Five Guys\"""". I hope the appreciate it. For myself and the two others with me the meal total was $29.00. Yes, $29.00. I could have gone to Red Robin and probably paid less.\n\nWho cares about the expensive prices though, right? I mean, they give you free peanuts when you walk in. That makes everything better. There is nothing I want more with my burger than a box full of peanuts. \n\n/sarcasm\n\nBut yea, the burger didn't impress me. It was so sloppy. With every bite I lost about 1/4 of the toppings to the table. It wasn't a terrible burger, but it was by no means HAMBURGER HEAVEN. The fries were huge. We got the regular, not cajun, and they were as regular as can be. I liked that they were crispy, however they tasted a bit bland and had to be drowned in ketchup to salvage any taste. \n\nFive Guys does have hot dogs. I tried half of one to get an idea of how they were. It was pretty good. I liked it, although would not make a trip back just for a hot dog. The hot dog came in at 3.99, which compared to the burger is a steal. \n\nAbout the Five Guys vs In'n'Out argument. I didn't find it possible to compare to In'n'Out since one uses special sauce and the other uses conventional condiments like ketchup and mustard. If Five Guys used Thousand Island like In'n'Out, maybe we could compare, but they don't. When it comes to fries, though, In'n'Out has the edge in my opinion. \n\nSo basically I walked out of Five Guys with a much lighter wallet and a huge \""""meh\"""". If I ever want to take my future family out to try Five Guys, I better start a trust fund for them now so we can afford it."""""""
"""Looking for a romantic dining experience with below average food?  Here it is.\n\nWe were excited to try this place because we'd heard about the patio seating overlooking a lake, romantic lighting, and even an outdoor fire pit.  \n\nBut as we were being seated, we noticed the restaurant was almost empty.  Not a good sign.  It took a while for a server to approach our table.  When we asked to see the prix fixe menu, he seemed annoyed.   We decided against ordering from the prix fixe menu anyway, because it was solely Irish food designed to commemorate St. Patrick's Day, even though we were there a week or so after the holiday.  It took another long while to actually place our food order.   I also asked for an ice tea refill, which never came.  This is not the kind of service you'd expect for a \fine dining\"""" experience.\n\nAs for the food, after our salad course, we were presented with a complimentary amuse bouche which was a little bit of olive oil, cheese, and a cherry tomato, served stylishly in a shot glass (see pic).  This seemed like a promising way to start our meal.  My husband had the filet and he said it was good.  I had the pork chop and it was awful.  Most of it was grizzled fat, and when I could find a pocket of lean meat, it was dry and flavorless.  I'm usually not one to complain, but the meat was so tough, I had difficulty cutting it, even with a big steak knife.  I should have returned it, but I didn't want to make a scene in such a beautiful environment.  I regret that decision.\n\nYes, the patio setting is lovely, but given the poor service and sub-standard food, we won't be returning"""""""
This was incredibly disappointing.  I drive by this place almost every day on my way home from physical therapy, so when it was featured on Doozy of a Deal, I jumped at the chance to buy a coupon. \n\nMy husband and I came here after hiking in the McDowell Mountain preserve. I had the Mediterranean omelet with a pancake and he had the malted waffle with a side of home fries. My omelet was good, but the cooks foiled my attempt to make it healthy by cooking it in oil. I literally picked up the omelet and put it on a napkin, and the napkin soaked up its oil. Gross. My pancake was very dense and kind of dry. Not light and fluffy like pancakes should be. \n\nMy husband's waffle was pretty pathetic. Also dense and flavorless. Here's the scary part: the server dropped off the syrup and it was all frothy...we tasted it and we think it was fermenting. If they use real maple syrup and don't refrigerate it, then it will ferment. We had our server bring us another bottle and that one was better. \n\nOverall we will not be returning. We would both rather go to iHop than Over Easy.
I wanted to like Bison Witches.  \n\nUnfortunately, the best thing Bison Witches has going for it is its clever name. \n\nLet's start with the high points.  The sandwiches are large--the half sandwich is easily what you'd make for yourself at home and would call a sandwich.  The menu has a pretty large selection of sandwiches, and there are some other options, like soup and some appetizers.  There's a fair bit of outdoor seating to enjoy the gorgeous spring weather.  And, if you like beer, they've got a pretty good selection, even sporting a Hoegaarden on tap (a personal favorite).  They have some pretty decent happy hour specials... as such, if you're looking to waste away an afternoon hanging out with your friends, chatting over a few beers, and enjoying the day, you could do worse (especially being near Mill Ave.)\n\nThe place is really more bar than sandwich shop--the inside is a rectangular space lined with booths, with a a square bar in the middle surrounded by free-standing tables.  A couple of TVs strewn around the bar is a nod to a sports-bar environment, though I wouldn't ever visit with the real intention of watching a game.  As for the booth we sat in, it was broken, and I spent a fair bit of my time moving the seat back in place and wondering if it would tip it over.   \n\nAs renowned as the sandwiches are, I was disappointed to find them to be all bread.  The bread is fairly enjoyable, actually, as it's fresh and the slices are sizable and toasted.  But when they pair it with the rest of the sandwich, it's really not much to write home about.  I didn't feel any desire to try another sandwich after sampling the beef & brie on wheat--a little too sweet, too much bread.  My friend was none-to-impressed with her club, an easy sandwich that should please all comers.  The service was mediocre at best, perhaps bordering on curt a couple times, but I did appreciate their leaving us to be and drink for some time after we finished eating.\n  \nYou could do worse with your time and money, but you could certainly do better.  I wouldn't make plans to go to Bison Witches again, but I might go there again if pressed.  Certainly I'd be happy to sit there and throw back a couple Hoegaardens with friends and not worry about all the stuff I should really be doing...
Let's just say...they make this place look really good in pictures on their website.  My husband & I stayed there last week while we were in town for spring training.  We were very disappointed when we drove up.  The hotel looked really, really old.  The website says recently remodeled but I think they forgot to update our room.  The carpet had stains on it and the fixtures in the room looked 20 years old.  The bathroom walls really need a good paint job.  \n\nThe people at the front desk were very nice.  When we first got there our room wasn't ready and they asked us to come back at 4.  We came back at 4:30 and the room still wasn't available.  They offered to hold our bags so we could get out to the baseball game.
I went to this place mid week late afternoon( No other customers beside myself and my friend) We were not at all impressed by the service ie: the bartender(we sat at the Bar)He was young, attractive, with absolutley NO personality. We were unsure of what to order so we took our gamble on  the Jerk Burger, with a side salad. I must say the food was fair, the salad was yummy and refreshing. The glitch... right as we were served another employee decided it was time to freshen the air, and to disinfect the furniture. I would have to say ...The food was fair ..But they have a LONG way to go for customer service. Which by the way I have been in Rest/bar biz for 24 years. Sad but True
I've been here probably three times over the course of several years. Each time I've gotten something different and it's been hit or miss in terms of how I've liked it. The last time was a week or so ago. Ordered a chicken dish which I don't see on the online menu. It was three stuffed chicken breasts and was a bit over $20 with no sides. Then we ordered pasta with marinara for an additional $9 or so and garlic bread for another $8ish. For the amount of food you get, the prices are a bit high. The chicken was really good, the pasta and garlic bread were very so-so. Not much different than I would expect at an Olive Garden or the like. Service was excellent and our waitress was very nice and helpful.
"""All the 47-year old men in the joint wearin' sportcoats hangin' out with your beers waiting to catch some hot young tail which won't even happen but you're still lingering around anyway in an awkward looking sausagefest - raise your hands up in the air and say \What! What!\""""\n\nTo the endless video loop of the Tempe 12 Girls trying to figure out how to best flaunt their mamms for their calendar photo shoots like ohmygawdtheresnowaythatIwillnotbechosenforKipWingerscomebackvideo - raise your hands up in the air and say \""""What! What!\""""\n\nTo the dumbfuck DJ who thinks spinning 15 seconds of every song from the 80's and 90's into some megamix is like cool but it's actually more akin to the sonic equivalent of Sybil, raise your hands up in the air and say \""""What! What!\""""\n\nAll our servers who were kind of friendly but more like passengers on that UFO named USS Space Cadet that you see on top of the Space Age Lodge restaurant while driving through Casa Grande because you couldn't get ANYTHING right nor understand what we were saying as if we were of a different species altogether, like as if we were human and you were the green hoochie that Captain Kirk got together with in Star Trek - raise your hands up in the air and say \""""What! What!\"""" (if you can)\n\nAll those single bathroom stalls where the door doesn't become opaque unless you lock it all the way but I'm sure the ploy here is that as the night goes on and people get more and more drunk, girls will come in and maybe haphazardly lock the door but not all the way but they don't care because they have to pee so hard so they're sitting on the throne and watching people walk by and think that \""""Ohmygodit'slikeaonewaymirrorthat'ssocool!\"""" but then they notice that guys are now just standing there and converging on the other side of the door looking right at them and all of a sudden the drunk girls realize that the door is not a one-way-mirror at all but.... - raise your hands up in the air and say \""""What! What!\"""" \n\nTo my Yelp companions who made all that was Six completely tolerable and proved the point that whatever the case may be with a semi-retarded-but-really-cool-looking Scottsdale venue, if you're in good company, you'll still have a great time - raise your hands up in the air and say \""""What! What!\""""\n\nAnd scene."""""""
"""How hilarious that two stars is \Meh\"""" because that famous phrase of Larry David's was how I was going to begin this review.\n\nThe giant pretzel? So so, probably microwaved. The menu is fairly pedestrian- why is it so hard to find German food other than wursts, schnitzels, saurbraten, and the occasional rouladen? Oh yeah, the smoked pork chops too- the kassler whatever. There's so much more to German food.\n\nFirst course was a soup not congruous with a German eatery. I don't remember exactly what it was, some cream soup that should have been called cream of milk.\n\nMy companion had a stew or goulash that was on offer that night. He liked it, but then again he's from St. Louis and thinks that Steak N Shake burgers are the shizzle.\n\nI had a sampler platter, don't remember what side dishes came with it, I believe they were generous and fairly tasty- not sublime, but tasty, albeit mostly forgettable. (If you read my other reviews you will note that I tend to remember everything I ordered and the subtle nuances thereof)\n\nI'd take a pass on Haus Murphy's, and that's sad, because they have a cute little biergarten and I like to support independent restaurateurs- a dying breed. \n\nSigh."""""""
"""Ok... maybe I was in a \mood' because I don't usually go out to eat mainstream Italian because I think mine is better. But we ordered the Firecracker rolls expecting spicy yummies. YUK! the overwhelming heat masked any of the other flavors. Then, because I wanted something spicy I order the Sausage & Penne pasta expecting little burst of spicy sausage every now and again. Instead, you guessed it, overwhelming heat. It didn't say \""""Fra Diavolo\"""" so I think my expectations were in line. I really dislike restaurants that don't pay attention to the nuance of flavor. Maybe all the spaghetti and meatballs you can eat is what they're good at? My husband loved his chicken special so that's why I'm giving it two stars plus they didn't charge me for the rolls or pasta that I didn't eat."""""""
We had been hearing rave reviews about this pizza and yelp has the reviews to back up what we were hearing.  The staff is super friendly.  One of the best things about this pizza place is that when there is a line to be seated you can pre order your pie so when you sit down you wait for food is very short.  It is a pretty efficient way to get patrons in and out.\n\nOn to the food.  Started with the 1/2 and 1/2 dinner salad.  The Italian dressing was just ok for me, but there was nothing wrong with it.  The 1/2 of spinach was non existent.  The pie showed up shortly after the salad was consumed.  My biggest complaint about the pie was the sweet sauce.  So sweet in fact that I had to add salt to try to cut the sweetness.  Defiantly not my favorite pie.
Delux serves an OK  burger. For the price you pay, I've had much better. Just go to In N Out for your burger fix. It's better and cheaper. I'm not sure where people say this burger is phenomenal. Anything usually tastes good with a lot of butter/oil and bacon, which are one of two main ingredients of the Delux Burger after the beef. \n\nBut, other than that, the food here is marginal. The Chinese Chicken Salad was horrible (chicken wasn't cooked), fish sandwich was bland, and the grilled chicken sandwich was less tasty than McDonald's McGrilled Chicken.  \n\nThey have a decent selection of beers; however, the waitresses were slow with drinks and water. I would go to Four Peaks any day as the food is better and the drinks are cheaper. For burgers, save your money and go to In N Out. Although, Chelsea's Kitchen has a pretty decent burger (pricey as Delux though)\n\nI think people in Phoenix haven't had good food before, don't know what good food it, or clueless. Still not sure why people rave about these burgers.
"""USED TO be known by locals for great wings and bartenders with some personality, but they ditched them for room temperature (not served hot to us at least), breaded food service (tasted that way) wings. Fresh made potato chips were not crisp, victims of undercooking, heat lamps, or steam evidently. To the chefs credit they are trying to leverage local by buying at the public market, but poor preparation and presentation, can't be overcome by \Local\"""" sourcing.\n\nThe other issue is that many nights the bartender is forced to run for food, leaving the bar unattended for long periods of time - a turn off to customers wanting service and for those just arriving, a signal to change their mind and leave.\n\nAlso, they should think about hiring some staff that can be found there every night like clock work - get some with personalities (anyone can make a drink, not anyone can host a hotel lobby bar). Many traveler don't just want to drink and watch some crappy basketball game, they would like some conversation which creates the chance to interact with other travelers - kinda like facebook, but with real live people."""""""
I was looking forward for a good BBQ joint to set up shop in Tempe again since Big City BBQ got big time, moved out of their modest spot at Baseline and Rural and moved to Mesa.  Unfortunately, I just didn't feel the love for this place.\n\nI went for lunch and got the lunch special which was a pulled pork sandwich with a small portion of baked beans and a drink (can of soda) for $10.  There are no other drink options besides a few sodas.  That is a quite steep for an average BBQ sandwich.  The meat was juicy, but not super flavorful.  The BBQ sauce they have is decent and helped flavor it up a bit.  \n\nThe sandwich was large and I left full but with so much great food in Tempe and a few other good BBQ joints around town I probably won't stumble into this place again.  \n\n2 stars is appropriate... meh.
I'm not going to do the whole....I'm from New York so I know pizza schtick here. (I have eaten many subpar slices of pizza and bagels in NYC so really don't trust what you New Yorkers have to say.)  Anyway, I found the crust to be soggy and limp and the edges to be very doughy. Decent flavor but if you don't have a good crust holding it all together, what's the point?\n\nThe garlic knots had a weird aftertaste, almost like they brushed clam juice over them.
"""I find LGO to be a bit of a Jekyll and Hyde type of place, so I will give a review with equal parts duality. In the end though, I'm going to go against the overwhelming positive grain and give it two stars for reasons below. \n\nThe Food\n\nMr. Hyde Says - This place seems to be two different types of restaurants. There's the breakfast/brunch servings and then there's the alternate menu, which consists of salads and their eponymous pizzas. For what it's worth, I've been here many times, more than I cared to, but my girlfriend used to live within walking distance, so it was too convenient to counter with any convincing argument against going. Of the many visits for breakfast, I've just felt underwhelmed by the food. The egg dishes, crepes, etc always leave me feeling unsatisfied and find they lack a bit of punch in the flavor department. For what it's worth, they're going for a French flare to the cuisine, but it still always seems to under deliver. \n\nDr. Jekyll Says - On the contrary, the non-breakfast foods are quite good. The salads and the pizzas are really good, freshly made and what you would expect from an \artisanal\"""" pizza place. Additionally, they have a solid beer and wine list. \n\nThe Brick And Mortar\n\nMr. Hyde Says - This place, specifically during the breakfast hours, is a disaster and would make any Retail Operations manager cringe at the lack of flow before them. You line up at one station to order food and pay. You line up at another station to order coffee and pay. There's no table service. You have to order your food, all the while, scout for the random table opening, while also keeping a watchful eye out for your food to make sure you claim it before it goes cold. And, to top it off, this entire place also operates as what most people think is a really cute market, full of curios that other people call junk. Mr. Hyde believes that this market only adds to the utter chaos and lack of flow for the restaurant. It would be different if it was off to the side, but smack in the middle of everything yields chaos. \n\nDr. Jekyll Says - Avoid breakfast and go for dinner, where you can have great salads, pizzas and actually be seated at a table by a hostess and served by a waiter. What a revelation. The dinner area is actually in a different room and you can avoid the really cute market.\n\nThe Getting There\n\nMr. Hyde Says - The parking, or rather lack there of, is a huge negative. There is minimal parking on premises, minimal parking across the street, with most of the neighboring businesses posting signs, threatening to tow you. \n\nDr. Jekyll Says - Let's call this place what it is - a nice neighborhood restaurant that can prove \""""convenient\"""" if you live nearby and can walk, avoiding the hassle and frustration that awaits you when you have to drive there. \n\nSummary\nIn the end, it's really four stars for the pizza, two for the breakfast foods, but they get dinged an extra star for the headache that is parking. \n\nMany Phoenicians love this place. I (we) think you can do better elsewhere. \n\nAuthor's Note: My girlfriend has now moved from this neighborhood, so any argument in her favor for a visit based on proximity is now moot. Mr. Hyde has cracked a menacing smile."""""""
First: This is the tallest restaurant I've ever been to.\n\nSecond: They give pretty generous servings of beer in ironically tall glasses. Their wines are pretty good too.\n\nThird: Mr. Biersch's brewery and eatery, when it comes down to it, is really just a fancy version of BJ's minus the flatscreens projecting the latest sports event. The food isn't that great. Most American food restaurants fit within the nexus of the TGIFriday's scale: a fancy version of TGIFriday's being the best, Normal TGIFriday's being just TGIFriday's, and Poor Man's TGIFriday's being something like Denny's. This spot falls into the fancier version of TGIFriday's. You get the picture. I ordered a veggie pizza which literally was a thin-crust pizza that someone dumped a bowl of spinach on top after it came out of the oven. It's how a jock understands vegetarian eating.\n\nFourth: The staff is really friendly, but ultimately really busy because they're understaffed. It's probably related to our nation's clusterfuck to the poor house, but I think it's a restaurant's job to make sure that the customers are seen to.\n\nFifth: Their food is overpriced for what it is.\n\nSixth: This place isn't that bad, it just has no soul. It is what it is. You go for a burger, you go to drink, or you go to watch a game. Maybe a combination of all three.\n\nSeventh: If you're a diehard about this place, at some point in your dining life your idea of class was probably something along the lines of drinking champagne in Hooters.
Our trip to Eddie's House was messed up because the cook couldn't cook the large pork chop well done.  My wife sent it back.  They cooked it more and it still came out pink in the middle.  What a shame, because it looked really good.  But my wife won't eat any pink meat.  She did really like the side that came with it, which is good because she never did get to eat the pork chop. The manager took the cost of the dish off our bill.\n\nMy scallops were very good, but the half order was only two large scollaps.  The salad was good, but unusual.  Sorry I can't recall the name of it.\n\nThe chocolate cake was very good too.\n\nOur waiter was very nice, and always on top of whatever we needed.\n\nWe over heard two other groups of customers complaining their burgers weren't cooked to order.  I think they should give the cook a meat thermometer for Christmas.  No, better yet, get it for him today for the sake of tonights customers.\n\nThe decor was nice.  I did feel the tables were too close together.  We had a hard time getting between the other tables to get to ours.  And we were so close to the next table that their conversation dominated our space.\n\nWith all the great restaurants in town I'm not sure if we will go back to Eddie's.  Too bad, because we were a fan of Eddie's previous restaurants.
For all of the hype that this place gets, I was extremely disappointed in the food, the service, and the price. The food was probably the least disappointing of the three, as it felt a bit more authentic than your typical Mexican food chain. I will admit that I didn't try any of their well-known hatch chilies. For the price, this food didn't make par.\n\nThe service was awful. We were visited at most twice by our waiter, once for our order and once for the check.
Old school fine Italian, with mob classics playing on a loop. Dated decor adds to the offbeat ambience. We tried seafood, veal, and two chicken dishes. The veal was lack luster, very thin mushy slices. The chicken dishes were tasty, one was Chicken Marsala the other a Chicken dish with artichokes. Sides were included in the price. The salad was great. Desserts were pretty good, the favorite was the cannelloni. The house red wine was good and generously poured. We wanted to like this family restaurant, but we won't be back.
"""Service and ambiance were typical for a friendly, mainstream Mexican / American restaurant.  No complaints there.  Our server was quick with refills and made sure we were taken care of.  The restaurant itself was festively decorated and clean.\n\nThe food, however, was below par when compared to similar competition, being On the Border, Serrano's or Macayo's.  And we felt that pretty much across the menu they were also $1-$2 more per item.  But the big kicker....There just wasn't any flavor!  The food came quickly, as it usually seems to do in this style of dining establishment.  My wife and I ordered the \Holiday Special\"""" burrito, made with beef and two kinds of chili sauce.  I made it through two bites and was so unimpressed I just stopped eating.  I also added an a la carte beef taco to my burrito...at a cost of $4.99.  There was no flavor coming from that shredded beef that would've given me a hint I was eating southwestern food.\n\nI don't expect much from a $5 kids meal, so I'll give that those were okay, Kraft mac and cheese for one and a burger and fries for the other.\n\nI'm not going to write Arriba's off our future nights out.  Maybe we just got a bad batch of coming out from the kitchen that night.  Maybe we ordered the wrong thing and should have asked for a recommendation.  In any case we'll give them another shot."""""""
I like the products offered at Sports Chalet and have shopped here since they opened this location a couple of years ago. The service on the other hand leaves much to be desired. I know there is a recession and retailers are still operating at times with short staffs, but maybe if you had some workers, you would sell a product or two. I stopped by Sports Chalet today at lunch and made 8 to 9 laps around the store looking for a couple of products. No workers approached me to ask if I needed help or wanted to see anything - in fact no workers in site except for the two ladies at the front counter. A couple of loops through the shoe department and I found what could have been what I was looking for, but on further inspection, it wasn't. Finally someone approached and asked if I was finding everything or had questions. I was looking for the pouch that can hold the Nike Plus chip on a shoelace for non-Nike shoes. What I had in my hand was a mini wallet that would hold your key and maybe an ID. I asked the worker if that was the product I was looking for - clearly not knowing what he was selling he said yes, that's what I needed. I never did find the other things I was looking for or the correct product. I put it down and found what I needed at RoadRunner.\n\nSports Chalet isn't bad if you know what you are looking for and can find it yourself - but don't expect help from the sales staff. Any knowledgeable help anyway.
"""I'm guessing this place isn't that old and could get better with time. The equipment, furniture and menus all looked pretty new; and the staff, while very friendly, seemed a little slow in their processes. It seemed they just didn't have enough experience yet to handle the rush (and after rush) that they said they had just gone through prior to my arrival. \n\nWhen I realized how slow the kitchen was running I changed my order to \to go\"""" and got ready to leave. I'm not sure what my experience would have been had I stayed, but what I took with me was very disappointing (and I only traveled about two blocks by car before I opened the bag). \n\nI had ordered the combo of a Chicago dog, soda and natural fries. I noticed as my dog was being assembled that they sprayed the top of the bun with a little water mist to allow the poppy seeds to stick and I had a sinking feeling right there. The baskets of crinkle-cut fries that were coming out of the kitchen looked good, so I thought at least I had that to look forward to.\n\nHowever, as I suspected, a bun that is sprayed with water and then immediately wrapped in foil is not a happy camper and neither was I. In their menu they mention how the \""""natural casing\"""" (otherwise known as intestine) will snap when bitten into (implying quality, I guess), but mine was chewy. And my natural-cut fries were less than half the portion I saw everyone else getting, undercooked and soggy (from what I could see, they didn't use the classic technique to make fresh-cut fries crispy). Unfortunately, the best part of my meal was the Dr. Pepper.\n\nAnd to top it off, my meal cost $9, including a small tip. WAY too much for what I got.\n\nSo, friendly (and apologetic) people, not-so-good food. I might try it again, but I would give them six months or more to get their act together."""""""
Dropped in here to pick up a few items during the Christmas shopping period. It was tough because they had a new guy working and he didn't know how to use the computer real well so checkout took forever. I normally wouldn't hold that against an establishment, but it was how the supervisor handled it that I'm giving them 2 Stars. Instead of helping the guy through the entire process, he would only help a little and then leave him alone, which made the process agonizingly slow. \n\nI could understand if he was doing this to assist other customers, but he wasn't. He was flirting with the other 2 girls who worked there...talking about whether they liked the new Samsung Galaxy or the iPhone 5...ridiculous. \n\nI felt really bad for the new guy. I hope it gets better for him. I bought what I needed and then bolted out of there. It took 20 min to get through my checkout....no exaggeration. \n\nReturn Factor - 30%
We had a quick lunch as part of a business meeting and hoped to find a new choice for downtown.  The service was attentive as the restaurant was nearly empty (at 11:45 am), but our server knew next to nothing about the menu items.  He also seemed incapable of making eye contact, which was just odd.  The lentil soup was very good, though the portion was also very small.  I coupled that with a flat bread that was somewhat bland.  My guest had a chopped salad that she had to send back once.  When it came out again, it was fine, but nothing about it stood out.  All in all, it seems like your standard hotel restaurant--eat there if you're stuck in the building, but get out if you're not.
"""I want to start out by saying that I read all of the really good reviews here. I think I may have just gotten an unhelpful person, but I'd like everyone to know what happened. I moved close enough to work that I'm able to bike it full time again, so I went to Rage (based on recommendations) to get a nice road bike. I liked the fact that they had a pretty good assortment of bikes outside as well as inside, and I had a chance to look around before I was greeted and asked if I needed help. I told the guy that I was sort of new to biking in the Valley, would be going down x road, and that I had (here's where it goes VERY south) 500$ to spend. At that point, he shook his head and told me that I should go to Tempe where they have a school program where they build bikes from recycled parts and that that would be in my price range. \nREALLY. \nHow condescending of you. There were bikes that were in the price range (I saw before he greeted me), he didn't even give any explanation such as, \Oh, a decent bike is $$$, let me show you why.\"""" Just acted like I am not good enough to be there, or apparently get a new bike and should buy a recycled one. (this program is actually really cool, on a side note)\nSo, I went to Kore, where they not only answered my questions, gave outstanding sercive, and *built* me a bike- and I've returned there for more supplies and services. \nI am very happy I didn't give this business my money with service like that."""""""
I really loved my stay at The Clarendon Hotel this July and the Gallo Blanco cafe was convenient for breakfast but I ordered to take back to my room for myself and two guest. I had some sort of breakfast burrito which was pretty good but my guest ordered chorizo eggs and refried beans, which was all thrown into a brown take out box... It looked so unappealing. I mean to have to scrape refried beans from the bottom of a box... not cool! It really lacked presentation. However their yogurt with fruit was great as was the fruit con creama. I had higher expectations and perhaps maybe it was because of me ordering it to take to the room but they need to figure out a better way to serve beans. would I give them another chance... only to dine in =D
"""At first look, this may seem like a hotel that you may compare with the Standard Hotels in Hollywood and Downtown Los Angeles judging by their photos.  They even promote the fact that they won a four star review from Howard Seftel (who is a restaurant critic) for \Best of Phoenix\"""". Since I was going on this trip for work I didn't mind checking it out.  I mean why not sacrifice the points to stay at something on the up and up?  WRONG IDEA.\n\nFirst let me say that I should have researched this further but I was going off their site and some user reviews.  When I arrived to the hotel, it wasn't very noticeable.  It wasn't noticeable because it was on a quick one way street or hidden behind other structures, but rather more for the fact that it was in the middle of a neighborhood surrounded by apartment complexes.  The exterior of the business didn't look very impressive.  It looked like a poor girl who was trying too hard to be noticed by wearing trendy clothes that don't look right on her.  This motel make-over covered its old self as well as the best concealer on an acne ridden 13 year old.\n\nThere was music playing through out the hotel, and I did take notice of their strong consistency of marketing to a select demographic (ie. young, urban, chic 20-early 30s).  When I stepped into my room I was glad to see that the pictures spoke the truth on what to expect.  Everything in the room was new --- from furniture to carpet.  They had a wonderful bed, one of the most comfortable that I've slept on during my business travels.  The only thing that I have to complain about the room is:\n\n1. The air conditioner didn't work or I didn't know how to work it\n2. They have no pens in the hotel room, yet they have notepads\n3. The WiFi didn't work that great because the signal was too weak and they didn't have a hard wire LAN line\n\nAs for  the restaurant that was located within the hotel, I didn't give it any chance.  There were only 2 people dining in there (even after I went out for an hour drive, the same people were there!) and it seemed so dead.  If I wanted to eat alone I would have eaten fast food or ordered a pizza.  I checked out their \""""24 hour fitness\"""" area and noticed that most of the cardio equipment was out of order (why even advertise it then?!?!?!).  There was nothing to do within walking distance of the hotel, unless you wanted to stand by a corner and wait to score a dime sack or get a soda at the gas station.\n\nOverall, I can see the message that this hotel is trying to send but I think that they are in the wrong location.  They have a long way to go but I see a really, really long road ahead of them.\n\nFor their location (because location is everything), I must give them 2 stars.\n\nWill NOT see you there.\n\nSam"""""""
I have friends that rave obout this place so I decided to try it. I think I made a mistake on ordering a salad from the VSC. Dont get me wrong, it was very fresh and tasted good. It was just a whole lotta lettuce and not so much toppings. I ordered the Cobb and there was maybe the equilivant of 2 pieces of meat, not sure if the bacon bits were fresh or packaged, about 1/4 of an avacado, and a tablespoon of blue cheese crumbles. The homemade crouton were good and the salad dressing was excellant. \n\nNow for a salad that cost over $7.00, that is just no right. Less lettuce and more protien would have been perfect. \n\nBut they were very friendly and the salad tasted good. Next time I will go with a sammich.
This place is ok. Being from the south, I know what real soul food tastes like, and this is the commerical version of that. I have the opportunity to sample the chicken wings, mac and cheese, collards and yams. It was just ok. The mac and cheese was bland, the yams were decent. The fried chicken is hit or miss. Once my chicken was finger looking good; but then it tasted reheated.  The place is always packed with a diverse customer base; which is great. I would go back to eat; but its certaintly not a place that I drool over like I do Grandma's Sunday dinner.
This was my first time at the Melting Pot for dinner, I have gone before for dessert and drinks at another location. We weren't able to get a reservation until 8:30 which was ok, but then we weren't seated until close to 9:00. They were offering a special, $30 for 3 courses. The first course, the cheese was really good. Then came our entree course. Our burner was going out which wasn't an issue during the cheese. But our meats and vegetables were taking close to 10 minutes to cook, when it should take 2-3. Our waitress was aware that it was taking longer and suggested that we move, but if anyone has been there, you know it's not that simple. The dessert was next and honestly it's the only reason I would go back. Based on my first full meal experience, I will not be returning to a Melting Pot.
After being stood up by my studio photographer for the LAST time (a very angry yelp review is brewing in my head as I type this) I was getting dehydrated and gouchy as I haven't had a bite to eat all day. \n\nWe decided to go to La Olmeca for lunch. This place used to be one my auntie's favorites, so I chose to give it a go... We entered a booth filled resturant that seemed frozen in the 80s or worse - the early 90s. Wood paneled walls, grimy pastel booths and chipped wooden tables can be looked over when the food is good... but the food just wasn't.\n\nI had had the taco salad and was very disappointed. It was just meh. Taco Bell does a better jobat this lunch time favorite than these guys do. My mom got the cheese omlet special. She wasn't complaining, but I would be if I saw the brown underbelly of her overcooked omlet. Her potatos were straight from a bag. BUT the salsa was good. \n\nOverall... skip this place. Even if you're in the area... a couple blocks south and you'll be at Poncho's... trust me you'll be waaay better off! I don't think I'll ever go back.
Overall totally average...Pizza and salad while using quality ingredients is boring and dare I say skimpy!  I mean I was seated at the counter once at lunch because the hostess said all the tables were reserved(at lunch?) well barely a quarter of the tables were occupied by the time I left..but I digress..so I am at the counter and this guy who is not wearing gloves and has extremely hairy arms and knuckles is kneading the dough and literally counting out the toppings he is placing on the pizza..Really gross..put on some gloves already. The people who make the salads wear gloves and they barely touch the food!  It is also very loud...in a I can't hear the other person kind of way.  So many better places but if you are curious try it and send in your review..I'll be @ Nello's or having Rosati's deliver
It's been a very long time since I visited Claim Jumper, so we were excited to head over on Saturday.  We left disappointed though, the food was par at best and the service was slightly below par.  We had an eclectic dinner for my mom's birthday, I had the Margareta pizza which was alright, but I've certainly had better.  My mom had the macadamia nut mahi mahi and it was alright, the grilled veggies were so soaked in better or oil that they were almost uneatable.  I'm of the belief that if you have quality produce you don't need to soak them in butter after grilling and before serving.  My husband had the whiskey apple glazed chicken which was actually the best of our dinners but not over the top delicious just alright.  Skinny ritas are not to be missed, hands down the best part of our meal, skip the lemon drop though.  Also just a note for the bartender, I had the first cosmo I'd had in a while (just sounded yummy) and it was full of tiny pieces of lime, like lime pulp it was terrible.  At $9 I shouldn't have to strain my own cocktail.  We also order a piece of the huge chocolate cake for dessert (to take home) after a few hours we split it up, it's all sugar and no chocolate it seems.  We honestly threw most of it away.\n\nPersonally our money would have been spent better elsewhere and that's where it will be spent next time.
"""Dillard's...I LOVE your prices, esp when things are on sale! You have great stuff and nice decor. Too bad your service is nothing to write home about!\n\nMaybe you should hire friendly Sales Associates who are actually interested in helping customers, instead of treating them like cat turds. \n\nMaybe your Sales Associates should be reminded that they aren't working at some high-end designer boutique in Beverly Hills, leave the \stuck-up\"""", snotty attitude at home.\n\nPlease hand out \""""smiles\"""" to your Sales Associates in the shoe dept. There must had been like 6-8 SA standing around, no one smiled, no one seemed friendly, just sneers on their faces...do they even like their job?  I walked through the Shoe Dept. and wasn't even acknowledged by anyone. I think maybe I'm invisible. \n\nFinally, I wandered around until I found a friendly Sales Associate to ring me up, she was the only employee that smiled at customers, the only employee that greeted me. \n\nSee, all it takes is a friendly smile..."""""""
WOW WHAT A MESS!!! Got there after running 6 miles and really wanted some carbs and a BEER!! Our whole group was told the kitchen was closed? damn another bar with no kitchen? No the cook just had to help the bartender because obviously he hates his job and was one of the grouchiest men I've met will some one please get this guy the female attention he is lacking? I placed an order and he said oh yea I guess the kitchen is open so I'm the only knowing one to order two beers at one time since it takes him a hour to walk to where? to get the beer oh well the cook fried all the meaness out of my fish and chips and I ended up feeding the entire table off my plate and watching some lame game of sending a goldfish down a flume? Does this place ever get cleaned? I think not, ok i guess we're on a deserted island but this bartender was NOT the skipper.. skip this place.
I have been to The Loving Hut 3 times now, and everytime I wonder why it is that i'm going back.  The food is far too overpriced for what it is. Today I called to ask what the lunch special was, and was informed that it was sushi, wonton harmony, and blissful friend rice.  Great, thats what a lunch special usualy includes...small orders of a few different items.  Nope, when i called back to order this special, i was told I was to choose one of the 3, not that i get all 3.  So I ordered the Blissful Fried Rice. When I went in to pick it up, it was ready and thats always a plus to not have to wait on an order that was called in 20 minutes prior.  I then ordered a Mumbai Spirit, or hot chai, and my total came to $10, and I left $1 tip.  When the cashier made my drink she poured a pre-made chai mix into a steaming pot, steamed it for a solid 4 seconds and poured it into what looked like it should be a childs cup, or water cup at any other place.  When she handed me the drink it felt like there was nothing in the cup but foam, and the paper it was made out of.  I opened it up to find that my childs size cup was only filled half way, and i asked her if I could have her fill the cup as I paid $3 for this drink. She told me thats how much you get if you eat in, therefor thats how much i get it if i take it to go.\n\nSo to round out my LAST experience at The Loving Hut, I paid $6 for a small container of rice with some bits of carrots, peas, tofu, and cilantro. I would say this order cost them a solid $0.75 to make, and my pre-made 3 1/2 sips of chai that was steamed to a foamy perfection, was maybe $0.40 because of the waste of paper cup.\n\n I REALLY wanted to be able to love this place and eat here often, as there are next to no vegetarian or vegan places around, but for the price I will happily go somewhere else like Mellow Mushroom, who have a few tofu, tempeh, and veggie items, and be able to pay the same prices for food that is delicous.
I had lunch here one afternoon when it was surprisingly not crowded. I am giving four stars for an always cozy atmosphere and a nice patio.\n\nI had the enchiladas which had a nice kick, especially the pork. But the quality if the food in relation to the price is what gets me. Everything is good but not great enough to warrant the prices. And the service is almost always lacking.\n\nThis particular time, we seemed to be the victim of our server going on break and their being a breakdown in communication or coordination. In any case, we had to  wait a while before our drinks were refilled and my salad was forgotten. Our server was nice and apologetic so no worries. Not always the case as some servers make it clear that they are way above looking after the likes of us.\n\nSo overall, not a bad place, the prices, quality and atttiude serve as enough of a deterrent to patronize again in the future.
"""My travel girl and I spent last week in the Scottsdale area.  We met up with a couple of VA friends in AZ, and wound up at this place when we couldn't find our original restaurant choice.  What a mistake.  When we walked in the place wasn't very busy, but the staff looked like they didn't know which end was up.  We were \assisted\"""" by a server who didn't have a clue about what she was doing.  Among other things, we ordered a bottle of wine, which she promptly opened and poured four glasses, without any of us even testing it out.  Among the four of us, we ordered a few appetizers and a main dish each.  My drunken noodles came out before the appetizers!  I told the server to take it back and give us our appetizers first.  Very small portion of edamame and fairly tasteless spring rolls.  Our friends ordered a 'spicy spicy roll' and something else (forget the name).  Both dishes looked exactly the same, and the worst part was that it just looked like a blob of rolls with some sort of sauce dumped over the whole plate.  What a mess.  My drunken noodles were just o.k., and my girl's rainbow roll was pretty uncolorful.  Overall, 1.25 stars...can't understand how anybody could give this place four or five stars; you gotta be kidding, people!"""""""
We are hungry, we do not want to go on an expedition. We want spicy, cheesy goodness. And a margarita. We decide to hit up Arriba's since they're just up the street, and per our usual chill demeanor, sidle up to the little bar to grab a margarita, and decide what spicy green chile dishes we want to eat. \n\nNow, I haven't been to this place in a couple years, and the last time I went, was driven there, half in the bag after watching a softball tournament. At that time, maybe I didn't care so much, maybe it was because I couldn't see the bartender making my drinks, I don't know....BUT\n\nIf you are a *new* bartender, don't upsell me a handmade margarita with Cuervo, instead of your house concoction that comes out of a tap,  use the small side of the jigger to pour said tequila into one of those ridiculous tiny cactus margarita glasses, haphazardly salted, expect me to pay $6 for tiny little glass and crappy pour, and somehow appreciate that you have any understanding of what it means to make a good margarita - you know, one where the orange from the triple sec lightly dances with the tequila flavors rising above the  sweet and sour and the tang of fresh lime juice - especially when you still haven't given me a menu, and are now serving jiggerless poured Crown and diets and Jack and diets to your 21 and a half-year old friends who are leaning all over the bar with slithering arrogance and no sense of personal space (yes, I can smell your drugstore perfume, and no, it doesn't make you pretty).\n\nSo, no, I don't want this crappy tiny margarita, and no, I don't even think I want to eat here. \n\nWe went to La Pinata instead, because that's what we should have done in the first place.
"""This place is a fast foodish style Greek spot where you order at the counter and they bring you your food.\n\nThe restaurant itself is located on the very west end corner of the complex that houses the AMC Deer Valley 30 Movie Theater and was formerly a Souper Salad. Upon arrival, we immediately encountered a problem while walking up to the restaurant. Something outside smelled like sewer & it was very gross. This seemed to carry into the restaurant a little bit too. Despite this problem, we proceeded to order and try out the place.\n\nI ordered up the Vegetarian combo that comes with a greek salad, hummus, tiropita (cheese pie), falalfel and pita bread. My girlfriend ordered a chicken plate that came with thinly sliced chicken pieces, \greek\"""" fries, rice and a salad. \n\nMy meal was pretty decent, everything was just \""""ok\"""". Nothing extraordinary or outstanding. My girlfriend didn't like the greek salad dressing, claiming that it tasted too \""""olivey\"""". She also didn't like the rice, which was pretty plain and didn't taste like lemon whatsoever. The \""""greek\"""" fries didn't seem very greek at all. They appeared to be non-house made fresh fries with a bit of seasoning on them. She said the chicken was OK.\n\nMid-way through our meal, the Greek music CD that they were playing in the restaurant started skipping. Now we all know how annoying a skipping CD is. It's basically an ear-wrenching, headache inducing nightmare. Not a big problem if they would've fixed it right away, but they let this POS audio-bomb go for at least 10 minutes before fixing it. C'mon guys, get your act together."""""""
"""I have ordered Red Devil's pizza and wings for takeout for years now, but today was the first time I dined in the restaurant.  We started with the potato skins which were served slightly overcooked and without any sour cream, which Red Devil does not carry.  (Really? Who serves potato skins without sour cream).  For our entrees, I ordered the baked lasagna and my boyfriend ordered the double bacon cheeseburger.  I only took about two bites of my lasagna which was so overloaded with flavorless marinara that I could not bare another, and my boyfriend only ate about half of his double cheeseburger that looked comparable to a McDonald's burger and tasted like a \slightly better quality school lunch burger\"""".  These three items and one Pepsi cost us 32 dollars before tip.  All in all, we left hungry and forty dollars poorer.    We will not be back for anything but the occasional pizza and wings."""""""
"""This place was said to be \busy\"""", so I made sure to arrive before opening time at 11 AM, expecting a long line outside such as I would have found at Matt's or Five Guys.  Instead, there was no one else, & that was still the case at 11:05, when the door was still locked, the dining room dark, & the \""""Open\"""" sign in the window off.\n\nFiguring they had gone out of business, I started my car to drive away, but just then the \""""Open\"""" sign lighted (although the dining room remained unlighted during my visit).  I found a table with enough light to read the magazine I had brought along, but then loud music started playing, so I couldn't hear myself think anyway, & it played during my entire visit.\n\nThere were a variety of tacos offered, & a combo including two tacos plus rice & beans was priced ok at $6.99.  \""""Vanessa\"""" brought me a basket of chips & took my order for a Combo with a dogfish shark taco & a Carne Asada one.  There were an array of salsas available on an iced table, & I tried several of them with the chips while I waited for the main items.  The chips were blah, but the salsas were good, especially the green Cilantro one.\n\nThe rest of the food was ok too, but it would have been more enjoyable if it hadn't been for the blaring music.  Forty minutes after I had arrived, I went up to the counter to pay, & one other customer finally entered the restaurant.  So much for it being a busy place.\n\nWham!  Instead of $6.99, I am being charged $8.79!  What's this?  Vanessa points out to me that in tiny print at the bottom of the menu it says that if your two tacos aren't the same as each other, then it's $8.79.  That's too much for what it was.\n\nBack home, I looked at La Condesa's menu on their Website.  There, they do tell you up at the top that they will charge you extra for two different tacos, but the new higher price shown there is $7.59, not $8.79.\n\nToo many problems here, & I'll never return, but since the food itself was pretty good, I'll bring it up to 2-Stars.    :-("""""""
It's taken me 2 1/2 years to get back around to this McDonald's, here in my neighborhood.  In the meantime, they have done a complete remodel, & it's nice inside, featuring a clean, modern look, & game computers to use (free) at two of the booths!     :-)\n\nUnfortunately, there WERE some issues this morning, more important than getting to play a game along with eating.  To start with, there was a nice new hand's free paper towel dispenser in the Men's Room, but no paper towels in it!  I tried to dry my hands on the silly air blower for a while, & then when I gave up on that, had to use toilet paper to open the door.  Not ok!     :-O\n\nThere wasn't enough help, so the service was slow.  Also, the coffee also tasted hours old.  (I usually really like McDonald's coffee.)     :-O\n\nThis location could be at least one more Star if they'd just tighten up their act a little.\n\nSausage McMuffin with Egg $1.79, Sr. Coffee $.89
I was near this part of town a while back and was wanting a nice little breakfast.  I saw this places was rated pretty high on yelp and figured I'd give it a go.  It looks pretty much just like any and every other coffee shop you've been into.  This nothing out of the ordinary about the looks, which if you are going for a coffee shop that's probably a good thing.  I ended up getting a double espresso and a slice of the quiche.  The quiche was heated up in the microwave and the coffee was served.  The food looked amazing but was far to under seasoned.  I guess they thought that the Parmesan cheese on top would be enough to season the entire thing, but they were really underestimating that.  The coffee was good, it's pretty hard to mess up an espresso.  \n\nI didn't rate it very good, but would I go back?  I think so.  I might give them another try, and get something other than the quiche.  Their baked good looked pretty good and their price wasn't crazy or anything.  If I'm in this area again I will probably stop by and they may make me change my review.  I'll keep my fingers crossed.
First off, the servers here are lifeless and lame. No personality and they look sour. They mope around and look like its a hassle for them to be at work. As I noticed the owner, it became clear why everyone is so unhappy. This man could easily be the most serious, grumpy, old man i have ever seen in a restaurant. He didnt have the friendly vibe going on at all.  If he is so unhappy, he should retire and get on the road!\n\nThe food is decent. I have definitely had more satisfying food for a less cost. Such as: the vig or mazies. \n\nIn conclusion - stuffy staff and overpriced lousy food.
"""We really wanted to like Lucille's, really, we did. I married a Southern boy, so as I was reading the online menu to him, he decided he really wanted to go. Unfortunately for Lucille's, we've already been to Bobby Q's and Lucille's just does not stack up.\n\nDRINKS: Hubby had an interesting dark beer made by Albita Ale in Louisiana (although our server mistakenly said it was from Mississippi) called Turbo Dog which had some rich coffee tones. I am not usually a dark beer drinker, but I liked it too. I had the sweet tea which was served in a big mason jar with a sprig of fresh mint. It was sweet, but not LoLo's sweet (God love ya' LoLo's, but you're not exactly helping prevent the diabetes!) and that's a good thing. \n\nAPPETIZERS: Hubby just had to have him some fried okra. I tried two pieces to be a good sport, but the interior texture is something I just can't get over. He thought it was delicious and preferred the mustard dipping sauce over the spicy ranch. We were also served some biscuits (which we both felt were also made with some corn meal and this made them a little tougher) and some \apple butter\"""" which was not really apple butter, but rather some sweetened butter tinged with cinnamon. Not impressive.\n\nMEAT: Hubby had the brisket and I had the tri-tip. The brisket is so far superior at Bobby Q's in terms of tenderness. Lucille's wasn't awful, though, and the \""""mop sauce\"""" which is different from the three sauces that were in bottles on the table (original, Memphis, and Hot & Spicy) was really good, and I usually don't like BBQ sauces. My tri-tip was very smoky in flavor, but rather dry. I asked for it dry (meaning no sauce) and was even challenged to do so by the menu itself which claimed that the true test of good BBQ was having it sauce-less. And so I did. And Lucille's did not pass the test on the tri-tip.\n\nSIDES: Hubby had shoestring fries which we both agreed were delicious, and also the peanut slaw, which is a vinegar based cole slaw tossed with peanuts and peanut oil. It also had large pieces of yellow and red bell pepper in it, which made it inedible for me, but Hubby thought it was quite tasty and certainly different from any slaw he'd ever had.  I had the macaroni and cheese and roasted corn. The corn was delicious, but I had no idea it would be on the cob. At Bobby Q's, they roast it, slice it off the cob and serve it in a little bowl, which I prefer. The mac and cheese was an abomination for a place that claims to serve Southern food. I am not sure there was any real unprocessed cheese in it. I have had better from a Kraft Deluxe box.\n\nDESSERT: I am glad we tried the dessert because the banana pudding was the true standout. I have never had banana pudding that has not been from a can, so the homemade version at Lucille's was a treat. It had some pieces of fresh banana and vanilla wafers tossed throughout the large serving (more than enough for 2). It was topped with real whipped cream (not Redi-Whip).\n\nSERVICE: The service was quite good, attentive but not annoying. A manager stopped by our table toward the end, and Hubby made a comparison between Lucille's and Bobby Q's. The manager said that a few other managers had come over from Bobby's to Lucille's, and implied that something was amiss at Bobby's in the overall running of the place. Whatever that is, it is not overt, as Hubby and I never noticed that there was an issue with food quality or service at Bobby's. We decided that we'll give Lucille's 6 months to work out what we hope are some opening bugs, and we'll return to try again. In the meantime, you'll see us at Bobby's."""""""
Went to Zipps the other afternoon for some lunch, have eaten at this place before, and could not remember why it had been so long since I had eaten there again...\n\nOh yea, this is where most of the white trash southern redneck big truck driving cheap ass hillbillies hang out at plus the food always gives me a stomach ache because it is covered in grease.\n\nGot the mushroom Swiss burger with fries...that were literally shimmering from the grease on them, and got the brownie skillet...for desert and could not believe this was 7 bucks was a total rip off of Organo's Baked Cookie. Our bill was over $33 bucks with only two Zipparita's a little high for bar food.\n\nThis place got 2 stars for these reasons alone.\n\n1. It's Cheap\n2. The service was excellent it had a ton of waitress so there was never a wait.\n3. $3.00 happy hour Zipparitas  were good and were very strong.\n\nAlso this place is not an atmosphere for kids...so white trash muffin toppers please leave your 4 year old at home, instead of letting him mingle between tables while you slurp up giant mugs of beer with your tattooed roller derby girlfriend and her toothless hillbilly inbred that can only grow facial hair on certain parts of his face boyfriend.
This review is about the Griiled Chicken Sandwich only.  Or maybe it's the employees at 450 W. Indian School.  Because I like Whataburgers in general.\n\nI tried the Grilled Chicken Sandwich because I didn't want a burger and probably because that great southern sounding commercial voice was touting the excellence of this product in my subconscious.  \n\nIt was terrible.  I hope it's forgettable.  The bun is cloud-soft white bread.  IT came in its wrapper leaking ??, barbeque sauce and ??.  I don't know if that's part of the sandwich ambiance.  The chicken was worse than bad award banquet rubber chicken.  The BBQ sauce was industrial hickory.  One of those made-up flavors that I think is a BBQ flavor cliche.  It was not a pleasure.  I'm not sure if it was the chocolate shake, fries, or the sandwich itself, but the next day, it was a trip to Dr. Montzuma's for me.    Not a good dining experience.  I won't give it a 1 because they put out a good burger.  But for me, the chicken sandwich is what it is - bird DOA.
"""I want to give four stars for the food, but one for the service, which is sad because I love their Sicilian Pizza.  It's always good and two pieces fill me up making lunch the next day easy.  This is the third time my family and I have gone there and the third time the service was excruciatingly slow.  We got there around 7pm on a Friday and there was one hostess working the front and only helping one group at a time.  Hello?  How about taking names and party size?  It wasn't even that busy, the place was  1/2 full.\nWhen we finally got seated our server was over quick and took our drink orders.  Drinks arrived and our order was taken in a timely manner. . .so far, so good.\nI'm pretty sure that our server either forgot our ticket or the kitchen lost it because it doesn't take 35 minutes to drop an order of cheese sticks.  5 minutes in the fryer and you're done. I'm pretty sure it was our server because the tables he was handling were all waiting, while others who came in after him were being served.  We did the whole \look annoyed\"""" thing but the wife noticed our server avoiding eye contact.  I stopped the hostess three time as she walked by for more drinks, which she graciously got us (making up for the seating fiasco)\nThen I did something I don't normally do.  I asked for the manager.  I told him we love the food but this was the third time we had been there and the service was slow each time.  To his credit, he comped our entire meal (minus my beer.)  We leaned over to the table next to us that had 3 older couples out for dinner that had been waiting almost 40 minutes for their meals and told them we had been comped and they should complain too.  When we left they still hadn't been served. I sincerely hope they complained and got their meals for free too.  On our way out the manager was by the register and so was the hostess that helped us, I paid for the beer I had and tipped the hostess $20, telling her and the manager she actually did most of the serving, so she deserved the tip.  Come to think of it, I don't know what happened to our server because he didn't bring our food out to us and after we talked with the manager, we didn't see him anywhere in the place the rest of the time we were there.\nI'll still order takeout and delivery from them as I've never had a bad meal there, but my days of dining in at NYPD Pizza in Surprise are over."""""""
Alot of parking and easy access in the afternoon.\nService was good and staff all very friendly to make the experience better.\nFood quality was medium nothing to Yelp about. Looked better than it tasted. Had jerk chicken that was just broiled chicken breasts and a light carribean dipping sauce (whatever). Doors were open and the animal kingdom came in. Birds flying around and pesky flies and knats NASTY!\nDrinks tasty and presented well. Overall mediocre event . Probably won't do it again as there's lots of options here.
Needed Wi-Fi ASAP and I remembered this Starbucks was in the area. It was busy busy and the baristas took forever to get me an already made iced tea. Everyone was less than friendly and the tables were a mess! This poor guy was having a meeting and he was picking up trash from the empty tables so that the table would be clean. \n\nI stayed for a little while and the W-Fi didn't let me down! 2 stars for that.
With a friend and I craving sushi, and being in the area of Yasu, we decided to give it a try on a weekday night. Having never been there before, I was drawn in by the atmosphere inside. We sat by the sushi bar, which wasn't very big and therefore felt kinda awkward, like a table facing the corner used for Kindergarten time outs. \n\nThe service was a little disoraganized and I have to admit it wasn't the best rainbow roll I've ever had.\n\nWas hoping for another sushi joint to add to the list, but not sure this will be it.
I've had their breakfast burrito and didn't think it wasall that great.  It was like too much of nothing special.  If you're looking for just a big-o breakfast burrito to fill you up though, it will not disappoint!\n\nI wasn't impressed with the lunch selection either except for the nachos.  I could feel my arteries clogging just smelling it and there's definitely enough for two or more there!!  If I'm ever up for it again, that's probably what I'd order - their nachos.  Everything else was meh.
I lived by Spectrum Mall (it will always be Christown to me) for years and years and it has always had the potential to be great.  \n\nBut for some reason, this mall has never been able to live up to its potential.  Maybe it's the throngs of wannabe thugs that hang out here or the cheap, crappy clothing stores that make it one of the worst places to shop. The last time I went, one of the clothing stores had one big dressing room for everyone to change in together.  What the hell? \n\nI know they've tried to class it up by bringing in different stores, and they have to an extent.  But it still attracts the thugs and my god, whatever you do, don't go to the Walmart.  It's the dirtiest, smelliest, most god forsaken place in the mall.  Stay far away. And if you happen to park right outside of it, be prepared to be accosted by a lady selling tamales and another lady selling creepy dolls. And while I can appreciate their entrepreneurial spirit, they're also more than a little pushy and aggressive. And it's also a little disconcerting to have someone follow you to your car wielding a pan of tamales. But trust me, if you park here, it will happen. \n\nThe food court is truly lacking and personally, if I were you, I'd take a nice leisurely drive up Lincoln, turn right on Scottsdale Road and spend the day at Scottsdale Fashion Square- where the fitting rooms aren't communal and you won't be asked to buy a creepy doll.
Won't be back anytime soon . . .\nWent back for our second visit, itching to use a gift card that was soon to expire.  Arrived shortly after happy hour, and were seated at a high top next to the back door.  Not a great table--I immediately noticed the stains on the wall next to the table (soy sauce?).   We ordered the pork potstickers, which were tiny and overcooked.  I asked for the mustard to come on the side, so they didn't give us any.  Next came the hot lips roll--sounded good but looked like a pink mayo-globbed mess, no way to eat with chopsticks, and forget picking it up with your hands!   My date liked it,  however.   I had a little sushi (nigiri), sake and maguro--decent quality.  My date had the beef and broccoli, which was decent, and I asked for a side order of the wok vegetables.  I expected my vegetables to be a small side dish, but they came out as big as an entree.   Quantity, but not quality--they were mushy and sitting in a puddle of soy sauce (couldn't make out any other flavors).   Service was so-so, maybe because we were hidden in the corner.  I'm glad we had a gift card, or I would have been even more disappointed.  Better sushi at AJ's, honestly.
it was too expensive for that you are getting.  I ordered 6 oysters and paid 24 dollars from them?!!?\n\nplus they made me sick as a dog the next day.  What a joke.  The truffled frittes sound amazing when described, however they are gross and oily!\n\nthe salmon was all right, but soaked in butter, again oily... and i got a steak. it was small and the flavor was too salty... \n\nagain, it sounds better than it is, if you want to pay a lot for the atmosphere, then go ahead...\n\nor try tarbell's in phoenix.  at least he actually won iron chef america!!!
"""okay i have re-visited this place last saturday and was extremely unhappy with the fact that after eating a perfectly made crunch roll (made with real crabmeat) my california roll was rancid. I have to wonder if the server just forgot about it, and left it sitting on the bar for pickup, as it arrived about 20 minutes after our first one. my unhappiness and my the redistribution of stars is much more for the fact that, after asking our server to take it away and replace it with another crunch roll, he returned holding the roll and said \that flavor is because this roll is made with imitaion crabmeat and real crabmeat, so there is a slightly different taste\"""" i explained that it wasn't the flavor, but the taste of rancid old fish. i have to say that in my 15+ years of eating sushi, i have never been re-served rancid rolls. don't they know that because this is the desert, fish has to be flown in to be fresh, and at 11pm at night, when a customer tells you the fish is bad...it  more than likely is. so for all of you servers out there,  when a customer tells you the fish is rancid,  just replace it! i'll give them another chance, but it won't be for california rolls (how funny i normally don't even order them, but wanted to taste the difference from that and my favorite Crunch roll) serves me right for experimenting!\n---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------\n1st review of Moira was this one....\nfinally! a place where us late night eaters can go for some delicious and very well prepared sushi in downtown phoenix. i got an email with a note about the newly added happy hour menu (both regular and reverse) and was excited to go try a sampling of the artistic sushi i savored over while reading reviews and sampling experiences, in the local zines. i was surprised that we could arrive at 10:45pm on saturday and the kitchen would still be open with people eating and enjoying a late night rendevous. we sat at the sushi bar, on the most uncomfortable chairs you could ever imagine. the chairs look cool and fashionable, but i still have bruises on my legs from getting in and out of my metal box of a chair. i will never sit at the sushi bar again, so long as they have them chairs (dang one should never say never!) \n\nthe food was very fresh, colorful and artistic. the presentation and combinations are phenominal. the miso soup was so authentic and filled to the brim with tofu and cost less than $4 for a cup of tofu filled, yummy, light and fresh miso soup, dang you just can't go wrong! (lucky you tofu lovers-i'm not a fan myself so this was actually a negative for me)\n\nI had the cucumber salad and must say, i was thrown for a loop with this one.  i'm a cucumber salad (sunomono salad) loving fool if i gots to say so myself. Funny thing, i'm not a fan of raw onions so my first reaction to the cucumber salad was \""""YUKKIE\"""" (just in my head) until i tasted it. the onions were so thin, that they tasted delicious in the salad. it added another bite to it, which was needed, because the dressing wasn't authentic in half vinegar to half sugar. they may be thinking of the diet craze, because there was much less sugar in it than there should have been, it was slightly vinegary. \n\ni was pleased with every roll i had! only brought home 2 pieces out of 3 rolls just for me. my sister played it safe and just ordered one roll, squid salad and miso soup. I have to say her squid salad was deo, but only a few bites for me please. \n\nthis is definitely a place for all occasions and all sizes of parties, from 1-10 people so utilize happy hour responsibly. get your group on at moira and your friends will love ya for introducing them to the most tasty dishes in town!"""""""
This particular TJX is a perfect 20 minute time killer on a Saturday. You walk in, look at the clothes racks, decide they look exactly like the last time you were here, and head to the exit. But just before exiting, you look to the left and see the vast array of well priced, quality luggage. After doing this myself on many occasions, I can now write that I own enough luggage for a family of twelve.\n\nMany TJX stores have a decent clothing selection, however, this store is not one of them.
I was excited to go to a place that specialized in chicken strips.  I love chicken strips so I was thinking this would be like the In and Out Burger of chicken strips- simplified menu for an amazing food product.  Not the case.  It's average or even below average chicken strips and fries for not a great price. I think Wendy's, Jack and the Box and Denny's have better chicken strips.  The sauce was strange tasting too.  If you really want good chicken strips try Four Peaks chicken strips.  Amazing.
This place was a total waste of money, time and effort. I went there with a friend after a late lab class. I ordered the brisket, which for me, is the standard for any bbq joint. Anyways, our food comes out at room temperature. Honestly, nothing is worse than room temp bbq. We were suspicious right away since the food came out so fast. Anyways, when we complained to our server, he grabbed the manager who ended up comping the meal for us, which was nice. He explained that they smoke everything before, then finish it on the grill to order. Obviously ours weren't grilled much (or at all). They were apologetic about it, but the server said that since he recognized my friend from coming in before, that it wouldn't be a big deal to comp it for us. But shouldn't you comp something like that for any customer? Not impressed.
I was seeing a movie across the street and decided to try out the Paradise Valley Burger Company.  It is located in a strip mall across the street (southeast side) from the hospital.  The restaurant is small and has a homey atmosphere.  I went around lunch time and it was full.  I ordered my son the kid's meal that comes with chicken fingers and fries.  Unfortunately the chicken fingers were burnt and I had to send them back for edible ones.  The replacement ones were overcooked, dry and had little taste.  The fries were standard.\n\nMy wife ordered the Caesar salad that consisted of a mayonnaise based dressing that tasted horrible.  Finally, I had soft shell tacos that were good, not great.  The prices are reasonable, but I have yet to find a reason to return.
We were there for New Year's eve, arrived at the time of our reservation and were told it would be a half an hour and someone would bring out food while we waited. Nice thought. After an hour and no food we were seated on a heated patio where you were either right under a heater or in a draft. Better to go for lunch or sometime when it if far less crowded. \n\nI had scallops which were good but for $32, I expect more than just 4 scallops. My wife had a half portion and got two scallops for $18. Maybe a vegetable would have been nice. Quality was great but expensive. \n\nThis is a place to eat if you are looking for great food, are on an expense account, and aren't looking for quiet atmosphere.
I've been on a Vietnamese sandwich (banh mi) kick for the past month or so.  My banh mi bellwether is definitely Lee's Sandwiches, but Chandler is quite the trek for me, so I've been on the lookout for good banh mi in CenPho.  I read about Thao's Sandwiches here on Yelp and thought I'd give it a shot for lunch yesterday.\n\nBy far, the best part of my Thao's experience was the price.  I ordered a grilled pork (thit nuong) banh mi, and it cost me all of $2.71.  It's hard to complain about anything if you're out less than $5.00.  The sandwich's innards were all delicious.  The vegetables were fresh and pleasing to the eye, and the grilled pork was thinly sliced, as I like it.  As far as the inside of my sandwich, I'd give it 4 stars.  \n\nBut my favorite part of bahn mi is the bread, and the bread at Thaos did not meet expectation yesterday.  I want my banh mi bread crispy on the outside and soft below the crunchy crust.  The Thao bread was uniformly soft - it was like a Vietnamese torta or something.  And that made me sad.  I really wanted to look past that, but it was impossible for me.\n\nAlso, the customer service left a lot to be desired.  It seems like Vietnamese establishments sometimes get a pass on this criteria, but they shouldn't.  I ordered my sandwich, and when I told the woman at the cash register that I was planning on eating it on site, she gave an exasperated sigh, and looked across the restaurant, scanning - it was evident there were several four tops available, but it was almost lunch time, and I think she felt like I'd take up space better used by a group larger than my one-man party.  I didn't want to disappoint her, so I told her I'd take the sandwich to go, and brought it home instead.  Oh well.\n\nSo overall, I give Thao's two stars - if the bread were better, I suppose I could have given it a third. But I'll keep on my quest for the best banh mi in town, and likely not return.
J and I had to go to the Fossil store last Thursday because his 2 watches needing repairing.  Forgetting where the entrance that's right next to the store, we ended up walking through Nordy.  \n\nJust outside the top floor doors of Nordy, there's Caketini.  A cute little shop, which I think the original shop that was there years ago used to be affiliated with selling Nordy cookies.  \n\nSweets + Me = Yummyness for Baby C and I!  I couldnt resist, so we went inside. \n\nI originally was just going to get a cake pop.  But I decided to get a German Chocolate Cupcake (MY FAVORITE!!!) and a vanilla pop.  J got the Key Lime pop and a Smore cupcake.  \n\nJ liked his pop.  Love?  That I'm not sure of.  I on the other hand did not enjoy mine, at all!  It was very gummy and almost had the texture of cake with paste.  You know paste, the kind your teacher told you not to eat as a kid in the classroom.  I gave the rest to J.  \n\nNow the cupcakes.  \n\nJ said the Smore frosting stuff was cloying and the cake was dry.  He didnt even eat half of his.  My cupcake too was very dry.  And the traditional GC frosting (which I love) was one note.  I didnt even eat 1/4 of the cupcake. Now if I hadnt already known what German Chocolate cake tasted like, and had tried this....I doubt I would every try GC again.  \n\n$12+ for a lot of disappointment.  :(\n\nI seriously wonder if the reason for the dry cake is because they have everything in a cooler case.  \n\nI am having flashbacks from a certain little bakery/cupcake shop I reviewed for my wedding bakery.  \n\nMake the memories go away!!!!
We were looking for a place to have a late dinner on NYE without a wait, and were pleasantly surprised that Maizie's was not too busy and sat our group of 5 right away.\n\nMost of us ordered Burgers, as that is the main choice of meal. I was not overly impressed with my Stuffed burger, I'm not sure I would be rushing back to Maizie's.\n\nOver all Maizie's was quite Meh...Maybe I will have to go back for another try, and make sure I haven't judged them too harshly...We shall see!
I just now got back from a group lunch at Havana Cafe. Terrible Visit.\n\nUnbelievably SLOW  service (a TWO HOUR lunch? Are you serious?) and the food wasn't that great. I was really disappointed. I have been DYING to try Havana Cafe for a few weeks now and finally got my lunch buddies to go.\n\nWe arrived at the restaurant at 12:09pm which I know for certain because I received a text at that time. We were seated and we ordered our drinks. By the time our drinks came everyone was ready to order their meal. We waited almost an hour before the bread basket was plopped on our table. We were expecting our meals shortly after. Our food was served to us over 1 hour after our arrival. \n\nI ordered the San Juan Combination plate that came with a little of everything. How do I say this nicely? Um, I don't think I will be ordering that again. The Pastele was old and dry. Usually when you cut into a tamal or pastele, it doesn't crumble or break. Mine did. The mofongo seemed like it was sat to dry out. It came out in two mounds and both mounds were greasy and dry (is that possible? yes.) The alcapurrias were tasty and tangy. Still a little greasy for my taste, but they were ok. I mean you can't wring out deep fried food. The tostones were not good. Again, something that was left to dry out. They were neither crispy nor edible. They were fried all to hell and I couldn't eat them. I took one bite of them and sat them aside. They made a lovely garnish though. The arroz con gandules was the highlight of the plate. The beans and rice were tender and tasty and the olives and capers gave the dish just enough zip. The masas de puerco fritas were greasy little chunks of pork that were ok once I dipped them in the mojo. \n\nAll of us were underwhelmed with our meals. Nothing spectacular nothing amazing, and everyone commented that things were cold, or greasy.\n\nNext long wait, the check to be paid. We decided to split the check 6 ways. Easy right? Wrong. It took another 15 minutes to get that done. Just an FYI, parties of 6 or more get an automatic gratuity on their bill. The service was awful and I think 18% gratuity was very generous. We left at 2:08pm.\n\nI don't know if I'm brave enough to give Havana Cafe a try again. I might go back to try their drinks. Usually a good amount of alcohol makes anything taste good so that might boost their rating up a bit. \n\nI was really looking forward to Havana Cafe, but my friends and I agree that this place was disappointing.
"""NEVER again. This review is as a business traveler.\n\nYes, you can get free breakfast, free dinner with wine/beer. Free internet. It is a junior (kitchen) suite. So why bitching? \n\n1. Paper thin door-you can hear everything.\n2. A/C hums morning & night ( I was not there during the day) everywhere inside & out side of the room. You cannot sleep.\n3. Bed- Westin sheet, but simply a  lumpy bed.\n4. I was fooled by their website.. I thought that the spa was in the facility. no no no.. you have to drive. Front clerk told me \ I know nothing about the spa other than you have to drive\"""".. Huh? I never managed to get to the Spa, too tired to get in a car.  And  I flew in six hours early just to get some relaxation before flying out next day.  I should have known when I saw their front door missing \""""G\"""" out of \""""Gainey\""""...\n\nBTW, to be fair ( not that I am in the mood),  if your budget is \""""Comfort Inn\""""  level, go for it.. I have seen worse."""""""
"""I went to PB at Tempe Marketplace for a business lunch today.  All three of us ordered sandwiches, and neither of us were very impressed with our meals.  Two of us ordered sandwiches which were said to be made with a \zesty horseradish sauce,\"""" which he and I both commented was gross and unlike any horseradish we had ever had.  I normally love horseradish, especially on my roast beef sandwiches, so I actually asked the PB employee to make mine with extra horseradish.  This sauce was more like thick mayonnaise, and I think it ruins the sandwich.\n\nAlso, the place was packed.  It seemed understaffed for how busy they were.\n\nOh, but the chocolate chip cookies are always good."""""""
They should change their name to Fresh, Easy and Fatty.\n\nAre you kidding me?  After all the rave reviews of Fresh and Easy,  I waited for the dust to settle and ventured there today only to find it is a major disappointment.  I find this is a view not shared by several of my friends and many trusted fellow reviewers.  \n\nFrom many comments I expected a Trader Hoe's type place where I would also have to stop at a Fry's to get everything else...your basics.  Well, it is that to a degree, just not as good in terms of price, quality or health as TJ's.\n\nI have never cared for pre-packaged fruit and vegetables -- which admittedly is a criticism I have of Trader Joe's also.  I love being able to select and decide which orange is to my liking at a place like Fry's.\n\nMy biggest criticism, however, would have to be its incredibly unhealthy take-and-go food selection.  This is where TJ's has them beat.  Sandwiches all weighed in at 50+ fat grams.  An average person's total daily recommended allowance is something like 67 fat grams, so eat the sandwich reeeaaalllly slowly and savor it for the rest of the day.\n\nFor a store that prides itself on ecologically-sensitive gestures such as grocery bag recycling, organic foods, priority parking for hybrid vehicles, etc, etc., I was shocked to see how poor their nutrition facts weighed in on many foods -- making a triple bacon cheeseburger look like Lean Cuisine.  Where's the social responsibility in that? \n\nSmall 8 ounce containers of chicken salad measured at 88 fat grams and 980 calories are more offensive than slightly higher prices or the absence of ecological gestures would have been.  I mean, seriously, is there any chicken product in that salad at all, or is it just a tub of lard with chicken seasoning?  Perhaps this is some sort of sick joke the Brits are making at their fat-ass American counterparts.\n\nI left the store with some fruit salad, organic lemonade and a spicy shrimp roll (which, btw was just as awful as TJ's sushi).  I found that the pricing was no different on many items and in many instances was more expensive at F&E.\n\nSorry Fresh and Easy, I don't buy it and I won't buy it.  Trader Joe's, where are you baby?  I'm a coming running back to you.
"""EDIT:  7/14/2012  -- I was contacted by a restaurant representative through Yelp regarding this review.   The message included an apology for my experience and said they wanted me to contact their customer service by email so they could \reach out\"""" to me.  I sent off an email over a week and a half ago and they still have not \""""reached out\"""" to me.\n\nMy review:\n\nUsually a disappointing experience when I go, and I'll likely not go back.  \n\nFood is okay.  It's why they get a grudging 2 stars.  It's family-style so they bring a big platter or bowl of what you order and everyone serves themselves.  I don't mind that.  Though one thing that's kind of annoying is that you have to order side dishes as an extra with your entree.  For example, if you order a platter of chicken parmesan, you just get a platter of chicken pieces and nothing else.  If you want some pasta or potatoes to go with it, you have to make sure you add it on as an extra dish.  Would it be so hard for them to put a combo-type offering on the menu so you get an entree platter with a side dish?  Even if we pay the same amount as ordering it separately, it's still a perceived value and wouldn't make customers feel like they're paying \""""extra' for something that seems like it should be included with a meal.\n\nService is either very poor or just okay.  Servers seem to all be rushed and busy, like they're too overloaded to do a good job.  Each time I've gone, I've had messed up orders.  Once, we ordered cappuccinos before the meal, and the server went and came four times before he brought them during the middle of our meal...and only after I reminded him the first three times he had come back and kept forgetting the coffees.  When he finally brought them he made an excuse, saying he was busy and the coffee machine was very far away from our table.  Yeah.  Last time, I was with a party of 5.  After we ordered our meals, one of them got to the table very quickly (turned out he brought it to the wrong table and it was supposed to go to the table next to us), while the next three meals came out 30 minutes later, and the last meal, my meal, actually never came out!!  He seemed to forget mine and when asked about it, hardly seemed apologetic at all, just a tad embarrassed, and just said that the kitchen didn't have any of the dish I wanted.  Seriously!?!  He couldn't tell me that earlier?  I ordered another dish to-go since my party was nearly finished eating.  But then he came back a minute later and said he checked with the kitchen and they actually did have my original dish.  Ugh.  What a nightmare of a server.  So after all that, I did get my dish to-go.  Nothing was taken off my ticket, though they gave us one dessert for free for the 5 of us to share.  Pretty lame.\n\nBottom line:  Poor service.  Food is okay, but not good enough to overlook the service.  If you're craving good pasta, spend your hard-earned money at a different Italian restaurant that appreciates their customers."""""""
We decided to take our parents out for dinner only to be disappointed by the loud music which caused everyone in the restaurant to have to talk louder to be heard. My mom took out her hearing aids! When I mentioned this to our server, she just smiled. The wait staff was plentiful, but not attentive. The chips were not warm and I had to ask for salsa twice which came in plastic squeeze bottles. Really? Not the best. The tacos were small, but good. My husband's meal was not served at the same time as ours and we thought they forgot about it. No mention of his coming out soon even. Needless to say, we won't be back!
Crap.\n\nCrap crap.\n\nCrap.\n\nIs that not sufficient?  Do you need more than that?  Okay: go there and order a reuben, and see what happens.  First, they'll ask you what type of bread you want.  On my reuben?  I'll take rye, because if it isn't rye then it's not a reuben.  Thank you.\n\nThen they will include lunch meat-style corned beef, which just pisses me off.  Because it doesn't taste delicious, it tastes like what you get from a cafeteria.  And then they have thick ass bread, which, in my opinion, is what you put on a sandwich when you don't want people to realize that what's in between the slices of bread sucks ass.\n\nOr, the nachos.  They use movie theater cheese (which is a one-star bonus for me, only reason they have 2 stars) but the chili is totally tasteless.  I don't get how people can cook something like chili and send it out to the world when it tastes like nothing.  Not bad, not good, just *nothing.*  Here's a tip: find something that tastes and heave it into the pot.  Just a thought.\n\nI hate myself for being convinced to go here over slices.  Because the place sucked a fat one.
F this place.  Seriously...  Well, maybe not. The staff is really really cool and the chicks in the nurses outfits are hot.  But, seriously... wtf?!?!?!?\n\nI felt so sick after eating at this pit.  I really don't ever want to go back. And really... shame on me. I knew that it would happen.  It is the only solution to a burger and fries cooked in Lard.  \n\nI won't go back, but I will tell anyone that is over 350 pounds they will feed you for free in this place. Seriously..\n\nWTF?!?!?!
What happened to the fantastic food I used to get here?? My sister and I split the falafel lunch platter the other day and the quality and taste wasn't there. The pita was thin, the cucumber sauce was watery, and the dressing for the salad was little more than vinegar. The falafel and rice tasted the same, but everything else pretty much sucked! There were green olives in the salad when there used to be Kalamata olives. Unfortunately, we won't return.
"""we came because they received a review in the Airtran Airline magazine. So after we arrived in AZ... We went to check it out and was a little disappointed with the food and the slow service, but to be fair...we did like the atmosphere of the place. (outdoor seating) which is the only reason we gave it a 2star instead of a single star.\n\nWe ordered:\n\n\Wolf Pack\"""" 2eggs, bacon & cheese between layers of hash browns...$9 \n(small amount of food didn't even include toast for nine bucks)\n\n \""""The Over Easy\"""" Toasted brioche with spinach, fried egg, natural jus with bacon & scallions...$9 (really bad...soggy bread...lots of spinach, hardly any bacon =(\n\nThe entrees where small and if you wanted to add a side to make it a reasonably sized breakfast it will cost you more...which made it expensive...like adding toast = extra $1.5....Yikes! It's breakfast food...seriously over priced."""""""
"""I had my vehicle repaired here following a collision where I was rear-ended by an inattentive driver.  They basically did the repair per the insurance company estimates and yes, it's all back together, but I am still annoyed over the final fit of the trunk deck lid.  They never did make it look quite right and every time I look at it I can't help but think a kid put it back together.    Seriously, it's off by a good five millimeters.  \n\nOne statement that keeps ringing in my ears was when the shop manager was helping to set (re-set) my expectations and said \It's a Dodge, not a Lexus\"""".  So ah yeah, maybe the next time I'm car buying, I will make it a point to look at the Lexus's.  \n\nI wouldn't avoid this shop though, since I have yet to experience a shop that is better.  I did however try Larry Miller body shop for a current repair so I am hoping that they will be better."""""""
Based strictly on the resort and room, I would have given this place more stars.  The rooms were nice and quite comfortable.  Although the bathroom did get soaked with every shower since there wasn't any sort of barrier to keep the water in.  \n\nThe reason I gave it fewer stars is because of the headache I am still experiencing several months later.  I had incorrect charges from someone else's spa package that were charged to my room, which I was told were taken care of twice after they made me swear I didn't go to the spa.  Uh, the person staying in that room was a 23 year old man who was with us the entire time, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't get manis/pedis and facials on the reg.  But, yes, everything was cleared up after a few phone calls.\nSecond, because of plane trouble we ended up not checking in until 6 in the morning, and we were told they would not charge us for those two rooms for the night before.  That was a lovely surprise!  Then they did.  I just wanted clarification, and after multiple phone calls, messages, and finally a terse message left with the GM, I finally was told the charges would fall off my card in February.  Guess what....  It's April.  Charges are still there.  I've left more messages... no return calls.\n\nSo, needless to say, I would recommend it, but double-triple check your bill and be prepared to argue.
At the end of the day food comes down to quality and price.\n\nSo I had what ever they call a double burger, fries and a soda.  Came to $8.50 tax included.\n\nSo a couple immediate observations...\n\nAbout price.  I can get the same meal at In and Out for at least $2 cheaper.  I can get a far larger burger at Fudruckers for the same price.\n\nSo now about quality.  For less money the In and Out burger is far better quality.  For the same amount of money the Fudruckers is far better quality.\n\nNone of the above is to say that the burger here was bad.  Rather, you can get better quality for less or the same elsewhere.  The only thing unique here is how they cook the hamburger.  But it isn't worth the extra $$ over In and Out and doesn't even approach the higher quality bar set by Fudruckers for the same price.\n\nSo at the end of the day I'm left trying to figure out what's the big deal is about this place.  Beats the heck out of me.
Warning: I'm not a buffet person, nor will I ever be. The concept of unlimited food disturbs me so read on with caution... \n\n\nKind of a scary place but if you want a salad and lots of it, I guess its a good choice. I love the name 'Sweet Tomatoes' which is why I came here in the first place but there really isn't much sweet about watching a slue of morbidly obese children return to the ice cream machine 5 times for refills.
"""This place makes me think of the famous line: \I coulda been a contendah.\"""" My Florist has so much unfulfilled promise. \n\nYou walk in and the hard wood floors and bright airy space make you think you've walked into a truly urban and unique experience. It's exactly what I might have imagined for a downtown restaurant. \n\nWe started with an appetizer -- the nachos. This is the highlight of my visit. The nachos are served on pieces of toasted baguette with melted cheese. On the side they serve slices of avocado and the salsa is served in a halved avocado shell. It's an interesting presentation and was very tasty. But this is where my pleasure ended. \n\nFor my lunch, I ordered a grilled chicken salad and my friend ordered a Roast Beef sandwich. First, my grilled chicken was not \""""grilled\"""" and it tasted odd. As a matter of fact, I called the waiter over to ask if some mistake had been made. He admitted that the chicken was prepackaged and heated, not \""""grilled\"""" fresh. \n\nMy friend's roast beef sandwich looked like \""""old\"""" processed meat - not like real roast beef. The meat on the sandwich had that shiny metallic look (in my mind I'm cringing as I describe it). \n\nI can't believe that a place that has so much potential and uses fresh baked bread from Willow Bakery could skimp out on the food! \n\nDon't be distracted by the big flashy sign and the reviews in travel magazines and local papers that describe this as a \""""unique\"""" experience. That's ALL this place has going for it ...unique. But if you want good food try someplace else in the neighborhood - like Chevrount's."""""""
I do not understand what all the fuss is about!\n\nMy son chose to get take out from here for his 12th birthday.  I won't likely ever order food from here again.\n\nHe ordered the combination plate #6- Chicken Chow Mein, Chicken Fried rice, Sweet & Sour Chicken and one egg roll for $7.85.  He liked it.  The serving size was HUGE.  You could easily feed two people.  \n\nI also ordered vegetable egg fu yung.  I was told it is vegetarian.  At first I wasn't thrilled with it but each bite grew on me more.  I liked it.  However, all the food was so greasy and unhealthy that I wouldn't choose to eat it again.\n\nWe ordered egg rolls and my husband said this was his favorite thing.\n\nWe got the garlic chicken wings.  Hugs chicken wings not what I usually get.  However, they were unbelievably greasy.\n\nWe got the vegetable lo mein.  Very black peppery and not very many vegetables.  I didn't like it.\n\nThe last thing we ordered was the vegetable fried rice.  Boring.\n\nThe total bill was $31.  Enough food to feed 7 people at least.  We had tons of leftovers and no one is really wanting to eat them.
Honestly I wasn't too impressed with the food. Someone told me that the sandwiches were awesome especially their chopped liver. Firstly the menu is just humongous it took me a good 10 minutes just to scan it. On finding the chopped liver sandwich I ordered that but made the error of asking the waitress for the accompanying bread (which she suggested as rye). SO I ended up ordering the half chopped liver with rye.\n\nThe chopped liver was piled quite high but the sandwich was quite small for the 7 bucks. However I like small portions so this didn't bother me too much Mimi's across the 101 serves similar portions and I don't ind paying for it. However the combination of the sweet rye and gamey chopped liver made the sandwich rather disgusting.\n\nNext time if I go back I'm, getting the corned beef with challlah or onion pocket.
I'm a firm believer that cooking an egg should take longer than 30 seconds. Also, it should not be formed in a perfectly round and oddly fluffy disk. And warm cheese that doesn't melt is disturbing. And sausage patties shaped to the exact same size as the egg disk is bizarre as well. Food just doesn't exist perfectly in nature like this! It's wrong!\n\nOtherwise, the bagel was alright. Just know that the everything bagel is covered in rye seeds, which is weird. \n\nThe coke from the soda fountain was the best part of the meal. I was wicked hungover.
Pei Wei, why oh why did you think it would be smart of change your menu and the look of your original concept?  I personally think it was a bad move!  I hate that there are not many of the original items on the menu at this new, remodel.  \n\nI had the BBQ Korean dish which didnt really have much flavor and was kind of bland!  I also miss the separate line there use to be for people who called in or ordered online.  I probably won't be coming back to this location.  If I need to I will find another location that has the old items because those items are what made Pei Wei one of my favorites!
"""Sweet merciful Jebus. I will never go to the Tempe Improv again. I used to go years ago, and always had a good time. I have been twice now in the last couple of months, the last time- and I do mean the LAST time- was last night for the taping of \Last Comic Standing\"""". The management needs a serious and swift kick in the rear. The impression we were all left with is that they truly did not give a damn that we were left to stand outside for up to 2-1/2 hours later than what we were told, that we were just plain lucky that we got even one drink, and that the food we ordered- well, it just wasn't coming in the end. But who gives a crap? It's just their customers. Apparently we are all replaceable. A comedian who came up on stage to entertain while the judges and producers were debating the semi-finalists, gave some non-sensical explanation about how the \""""rules had changed\"""" and that they had in fact made the food we ordered, but the staff got to \""""gorge themselves\"""" on it in the back. They then had the audacity to ask us to pay for our drinks. The same comedian made reference to the Improv \""""making it up to us\"""" somehow, but nothing came. Nothing except glasses of nasty tap water at the 11th hour. Oh- THAT was my comp for a miserable evening, starving and dehydrating? Gee, guess I should be grateful. Two stars for Bill Bellamy who was very funny, two of the wanna-be's who made me pee my pants a little, and getting to see Kathy Najimy and Fred Willard. Negative stars to the Improv itself for creating an atmosphere of discontent, hostility, and degradation."""""""
I didn't really LOVE my experience here, but for those who enjoy creative and fusioned sushi or a good sushi happy hour, this is a great place to go.  The menu is pretty impressive with all sorts of sushi concoctions that I have never seen, but I like my sushi pretty standard and not too crazy, so I ordered (ironically) the Crazy Horse roll, which is tuna, yellowtail, and salmon rolled with avocado and topped with tobiko.  I don't have TOO much to complain about regarding the size of the rolls (they were decent) or the taste (it was ok considering this is tempe, arizona), but I think I was most turned off by the service and prices of the restaurant.\n\nWhen my friends and I walked in, happy hour was happening, so it's understandable that the wait staff were busy, but come on.  Seat us already.  Or at least acknowledge us.  When we were finally seated, our waitress kept huffing and puffing while taking our order.  I understand she may have been having a bad day or have been stressed, but whatever.  Stay profesh.  Then, one of my friends orders the tempura mix, and when it came out, it was missing the prawns, so what happens?  The waitress brings out a single fried prawn on a plate...15 minutes later.  Um...no.  The age-dofu was also kind of meh.  On top of that, I was confused about who was actually serving our table because the girl wait staff kept tag-teaming our table with the guy wait staff, and even then, the service was not awesome.  The whole experience altogether just kind of totaled a bit too much for a sort of blah experience, so I'm pretty sure I'll be going elsewhere for sushi around these parts.
We came here a couple of weeks ago for reverse hh on a friday and sat at the bar to take advantage of the HH.   Mr h ordered the Brio burger and I ordered the margherita flatbread, both apps were below average apps. The burger was bland and the Hubster ordered med well and added saut\u00e9ed onions. the burger was served well with charred onions.\nmy pizza seemed more like a thin flavorless cracker mess. I like thin pizza but this was way too thin and falling apart. We both ordered the mojitos & they were so disgusting we had to send those back.  the bartender took it personally but they were super bitter and nasty and we could not enjoy them.  I understand it's happy hour and its super busy on Fridays, affordable drinks & apps but if you want me to return...please serve some tasty food so I will be tempted to have dinner here in the future.  I doubt I will be returning.
The flight attendants were rude (with the exception of one on the flight from Paris to Philadelphia who was not). The airport crew in Philadelphia at the solutions desk were great   dealing with people who missed their flight to Paris, France and got us on a flight to Frankfurt, Germany that was the only time (besides the one flight attendant from CDG to Philadelphia) that did not treat me rudely I think the T.S.A. treats people with more respect. If you want to fly Star Alliance I would recommend Lufthansa  instead they treated me like a first class costumer even though I had a economy ticket! The one other thing is do not expect a modern aircraft or even a upgraded one when flying from Philadelphia to Frankfurt they only have the one screen in front of the cabin and they choose the movie you watch and that was the first time since I was 12 in 1989 that a plane only had that.
This place is okay.  Average vegan food and slow service.  The day my bf and I were there, thye had a digery doo trio performing in the restaurant.  OMG, for an hour, I had to listen to the digery doo concert!  It was sooo freaking loud.  \n\nHad the waffle and it was okay, and they served it with half a teaspoon of maple syrup!  How generous!  I had a tofu scramble and that was tasty I must say, but not worth the torture from the digery doo concert!
The vegan review sounded a bit OCD to me, but to each their own. We are in agreement with many of the comments here ... uncomfortable dining room, a tad expensive, well done burgers (no choice on how they are cooked? ... what's up with that at a higher end burger joint?). The natural soda pop was great and the sweet potato fries also were very good. No patio ... that's a problem especially with heavy A/C. They did try to take our plates a million times. Overall, a fair to crappy experience. Was hoping for more and unfortunately, we will not be back.
"""I have to say that I've really never liked this place.  It was the \go to\"""" spot for lunch at the Gainey Ranch location when I worked in that area, and I always dreaded it when my team suggested it.   It feels like an over-hyped, somewhat overpriced sandwich place that just doesn't hit the mark for me.  I'm not a big sandwich person anyway and their salads leave something to be desired. They are soaked in too much dressing, odd tasting chicken with a somewhat slimy texture and I don't like the set-up of their counter service.\n\nMy mom was in town and she likes PB, so we shared a southwest chicken sandwich on a ciabatta roll and a southwest ceasar salad, maybe too much \""""southwest\"""" in one meal, but it all tasted over dressed and the bread was tasteless.  She looked at me and said \""""we should have gone to Y.C.'s Mongolian BBQ for the same price.\""""  I would have to agree.  I would actually give it 2.5 stars because I have enjoyed the quiche muffin when I'm in the mood for a protein snack (and there are no better options) and my friend swears by the breakfast croissant sandwich."""""""
"""Stingray's decor tries hard to be sheik with exotic looking wood veneers and a trendy  retromod kind of feel. It reminds me of something one might see in \The Incredibles\"""" movie. It does work quite well at night, but falls apart a bit in the daylight (been there twice). This fact actually says alot about the place in general.\n\nOn our first visit, we had a server who I named \""""like-megan\"""". Possibly she refers to herself this way- hence the name.\nAnyway- \""""like-megan\"""" proceeded to tell the table in a wholly unsolicited manner how she was \""""like soooo into food\"""". This made me want to ask her exactly what brand of wholesale imitation crab meat that Stingray uses. But alas my more gentlemanly instincts won.\n \nAs for the food- I've had my fair share of maki, but am no expert on the subject. It seemed, \""""like-pretty good\"""". Not amazing, but  fresh tasting and nicely prepared. How else can one remark about Scottsdale sushi rolls except that they are safe to consume?\n\nOverall, if you are into seeing and being seen in S Scottsdale, I would say that Stingray is probably a pretty good choice- particularly the patio. I would, however,  stay completely away from superficially fussing about how \""""like soooo yummy\"""" the food is. You might end up \""""like megan\""""."""""""
I came here a couple of weeks back to meet a group of Yelpers for beer, wings, and football.  The location worked for everyone, I'm not sure we picked it because we thought BWW was anything amazing, it was just convenient and met our criteria. \n\nI have been to multiple BWW's many times and I just do not like them.  Service is always mediocre, no matter how busy or slow.  Our server on this occasion was actually a cutie pie and was very good natured as some of the boys at our table were flirting and joking with her and even as worn out as the poor thing was, she still interacted and had fun with them.  My complaint (having been a server before) is the way they had servers assigned to tables.  She not only had inside tables, but the patio as well.  When it is busy like this they need to be more strategic about assigning sections to servers so they are not constantly running.  The needs of the customer are bound to get neglected and their staff is going to be ragged not even halfway into a very long football Sunday. \n\nThis time around at BWW I had the fried mushrooms with a house salad.  I can honestly say these are probably the worst fried shrooms I've ever had.  Extremely doughy with a mushroom the size of a button inside.  Yuck.  The salad was far from fresh.  The lettuce was obviously wilted and that was pretty much all there was to it with the exception of a cucumber or two and some tomatoes.  I tried a friend's boneless wings and thought the meat was dry and there was not enough sauce.  I like my wings drenched in saucy yumminess. \n\nThe reason I give this place two stars is I discovered a new beer that I am a big fan of. Leinenkugel Sunset Wheat.  Make sure you ask for an orange garnish.  \n\nAm I a fan? No.  Would I come back and just drink beer for the pleasure of good company? Yes.
I hate to say this but I'm not a fan of this place.  The music is awesome and I have listed to some greats acts that have stopped by.  The times I have been to this club have been short and few.  Each time I have stopped for a visit I'm wanting to go some where else.  Its a small club and if its crowed you are limited to where you can dance.  The decor is ok and it might be time for a make over.
I have read a few reviews here and some rate this place pretty high despite their feedback on this place.  This place is probably one of the only Irish hell holes in Phoenix that resemble those nasty pubs from the ghettos back east.  Dark inside with unfriendly asshole bartenders, and the waitresses seem to run like chickens with there heads cut off when ever your in for lunch or a concert night at the dodge.\n\nThe food is definitely not a love maker, I can only imagine the old cookers and fryers that produce a less than average fish and chips and stale Fries.. UUURGGHH\n \nOnly reason they get two stars? There are cool bike guys that will shuttle  you to the dodge for a concert.\n\nStay Classy!
In my other reviews you'll see that I love nearly all the Fox Restaurants. Which is true. For Zinburger, this is where the *nearly comes in. \n\nI've eaten there more than a few times and on every occasion its been OK. -Which is why it gets 2 stars- The menu is tiny, but its a gourmet burger joint so you really can't ask for much else. The zucchini fries are triumphant. Truly wonderful. The burgers sound amazing when reading them but more than once they've come out just OK. Nothing terrible, but not as mouthwatering as they made them sound. I like how the wine list is portioned out too... pretty cut and dry. Don't bother asking your server about the wines though, they probably will just look at you with a stupid look on their face. \n\nIf you're with a big burger person and you're not a burger person, do not fret. They have TWO really good salads, so don't get too excited. My favorite is the one with pomegranate seeds and goat cheese, with or without chicken. Its very light and fresh. \n\nOn my last occasion my server was slow, meek, and dull. Having zero personality is one thing, but when she realized she forgot about my glass of wine and I had to remind her (about ten minutes later) she became very timid and hardly even came back to our table! I wasn't rude.. so I don't understand why she had a manager come by to drop it off. Anyway, it could just be me. \n\nSo all in all this place isn't bad FOOD wise... drinks are pricey and service has tended to suck.
I've got to downgrade my original review after today. \n\nWe were seated in the bermuda triangle. We waited 15 minutes for a server to show up, apologize profusely then disappeared for another 15 minutes.  That was the theme for this meal. Sorry for the wait, now wait some more. \n\nGlad they finally got a printed kids menu.\n\nKids pizza was extra greasy, came out 25 minutes before my entree salad. For almost $17 I was hard pressed to find any chicken or bacon in my chopped Cobb salad. Zero blue cheese. I would have told the server but he disappeared until it was time to flag him down for our bill, which took him two passes by our table to drop off. Thank goodness I had correct change so I didn't have to endure another 1/2 assed apology/long wait.\n\nblah!
The only time I will ever return here is to buy simple accessories I am knowledgeable on and can put on my bike myself. Or to get the hot pink I'm with Awesome socks I love. \n\nThat's about the extent of it.\n\nI've been here on two occasions. The first was to start my bike search. When I informed a store employee of what I was going to use my bike for and ask what bikes may suit my needs, I was only shown one row of bikes that were pretty much all the same and all by the SAME manufacturer. I was told that was all they could offer me out of the tons of other bikes they had in their store.\n\nThe second time I biked there with a friend on my new bike, Lady Eleanor herself as a friend had some questions about her bike. They were fairly good at answering her questions. However, I was appalled when they stopped me dead in my tracks and asked me what was wrong with my bike. I panicked for only a short while til I realized they were going overboard on the fact that my pedals are not where most pedals are since my bike doesn't have much of a frame in the center. The employee kept going on about how it must be awkward to pedal (which it's not) and then called other employees over to gawk and make odd comments about my bike. \n\nFunny enough on the way out a woman drooled over my gorgeous bike with its interesting design and asked where I got it. I politely told her where.. and it wasn't at Landis.
"""After reading the Yelp reviews and growing a bit tired of our usual breakfast place selections, Over Easy seemed like a sure thing.  We arrived and found both the place and a parking spot with no problem.  Plus, we were early enough that we got seated right away.\n\nThat's about all of the good stuff that happened.\n\nWe were seated in the back, behind a large wall section (possible expansion of the kitchen area?  I'm not too sure) with dim lighting and one table next to us.  The servers kept forgetting that we were there, and getting refills on water was a bit of a pain.  Can't say much else for the service or ambiance, as they weren't really there much, and we were HIDDEN BEHIND A GIANT WALL (respectively).\n\nThe food can best be described as \edible.\""""  I tried the Wolfpack, which came with the most artificial-tasting bacon that I've ever eaten, and so much grease on the hash browns that it should have had its own mention on the menu.  My breakfast buddies got the pancakes (not fully cooked) and the banana pecan French toast (soggy and minuscule).  We all left feeling hungry, and proceeded to a nearby fast food place for added sustenance.  Also, the coffee was lousy.\n\nSometimes, it's a better idea to stay in and make your own breakfast.  When it came to the experience at Over Easy, that's definitely what we should have done."""""""
Oh no! Where did my Wineburger go?!? I wrote the review based on a hungry tummy and fond memories. Today I went in and it's just not the same. Something happened on January 1st, 2011 because their burgers are different -and bigger does NOT mean better! The flavor was completely missing and the beef was dry. They also do not have cheese pints (curds) any longer. Some distributer issue. BOO!! Also the price seems to be higher. \n\nFail, Wineburger. FAIL.\n\nThe one plus? The service was great. Will I go back? Nope.
Who doesn't enjoy a lazy Sunday morning? I love spending time leisurely reading the Sunday news while getting caught up on a weeks worth of cooking shows. After a few hours hunger finally sets in and its time to find something cheap and easy. While that might sound more like a lifestyle choice than a way of eating, cheap and easy to me means dim sum, and lots of it. With a fistful of cash and my growing appetite I head over to my default dim sum house, Golden Buddha. \n\nLocated in the Chinese Cultural Center, Golden Buddha has been pushing carts every weekend for the past few years. Over those years they've become a destination for steamy delights and have built quite a following with groups usually packing the lobby. Here's some advice, for a lesser selection with no waiting, go early. If you want more selection and don't mind the wait, go after noon. \n\nRanging in price from $2.35-$6.50, Golden Buddha pretty much offers mainstream selections from dumplings and chicken feet to rice and noodles. Most of the cart pushers don't speak much English but know this; most items are either made with pork or shrimp. \n\nWithin minutes of being sat the first smiling server rolls up her cart and begins pimping her wares. As she lifts the steel lid from the first steam basket, the mist dissipates to reveal 3 white fluffy hidden treasures beneath. Know as char siu bao, or steamed BBQ pork buns, these are pretty standard for any dim sum brunch. Pulling apart one of the doughy pillows reveals its sweet porky center, add some chile oil for added depth. Probably the most typical offering is the pork dumplings or sui mai, a wonton wrapper filled with ground pork and black mushrooms. These meaty bites have an enjoyable earthiness that left me wanting to ask for another basket.\n\nThe next cart to come along is absolutely filled with fried items. I love the crispy crunch of egg rolls and while the GB version was crisp, the inside was filled with oil that tasted like last nights fish. After only a single bite the rest remained untouched. Seemingly fried in the same oil, the salt and pepper shrimp were not only super fishy but the shells were also left on. Shell on shrimp isn't usually a problem when the shrimp in question is cooked really well. Not the case with these, they were ruined before they even hit the table, greasy and salty.\n\nOn a lighter note, wrapped in translucent rice paper, the spring rolls were large, filled with chewy rice noodles and 3 plump shrimp, unfortunately these were also flavorless. \n\nA new one for me was the Zhaliang, a long tubular Chinese doughnut that is tightly cocooned in a sheet of rice noodle. The end result is more about texture than bold flavor; I can see how so many people seek these out for breakfast being chewy and crispy at the same time. \n\nDim sum brunch isn't complete without at least one Chinese dessert. Pointing at a plate of pineapple buns or bo lo yau from the dessert cart, these pastries actually contain no pineapple. Instead the name refers to its crunchy checkered top crust. Inside the bun you'll get a sweet surprise of satisfyingly sweet custard filling.\n\nWhile I left satisfied, overall Golden Buddha doesn't quite have the chops they used to, but in a pinch or on a lazy Sunday morning, they'll do just fine.
Wow, the wait at the drive-thru is painful in the heat!  Even with the air-con. \n\nI don't know if because it was extremely hot and humid that this wait seem to take forever.  But prior to going through the drive-thru, we had parked on the other side of the building and I walked to the other side to use the restroom, taking my casual time.  By the time I returned the same car was still at the drive-thru.  And when we finally made our order and received it, it seemed as though it was too long to wait for a drink.\n\nTake caution:  there are quite a few homeless hanging in the area.
"""Although I booked a room with two beds online at www.hilton.com I wasn't given one.  The clerk said all of their rooms only have one bed.  She blamed the Internet for \sometimes getting it wrong.\""""\nIt was noisy as there were people running up and down the hall all night.  So I doubt there is any night time security.\nShower head was screwed in and couldn't be adjusted.  It was set at five feet.  I won't stay here again nor will I book via Hilton.com."""""""
I think we might have had way too high of expectations for this place. I liked how nothing had nasty mayo all in it, but the selection was very minimal and they didn't give me an option for my side so I was stuck with potato chips. The lady was super friendly and the food was okay, but nothing more than I would expect to pick up at the grocery cafe store on my lunch break. Probably won't be back here even though the prices are good. But I'd honestly be happier with Subway.
"""OK, I am new in town so I was unaware that they are trying to change the name of this event to The Great Arizona Picnic, or something of the like.  Well, thank God because when I hear \culinary,\"""" my mind certainly does not think of Dos Gringos...or any of the other Vendors represented at this event.  And why the hell, after paying to enter, would I pay again to enter the fenced areas!?  WTF!?  \n\nI come from a town where festivals are managed better than most corporations so I believe that I am spoiled, but there is no excuse for the long lines encountered here.  I counted over 60 people in line waiting for pizza...pizza!  Lines to enter, lines to use the ATM, lines to purchase tickets, lines to eat, lines to pee......\n\nObviously I feel passionate about this particular review, and for those that love this festival, I apologize.  I will say that many people with whom I had spoken who had been coming to this festival for years said that it is no longer what it once was.\n\nOn a positive note, the people watching is tremendous.  I have never seen so many beautiful people in one location in my life.  And I would agree that it all depends on the company.  Great friends make this a fun event."""""""
Went there on a Saturday for early lunch. The place was almost empty. The waiter was very polite and prompt with filling our glasses. The food was so-so.  I had a veggie burger - that was a little to greasy for my liking but props b/c it was freshly made - not frozen. The Gazpacho Shirmp cocktail was de-lish. My friend had the couscous salad and liked it.\n\nWould I go back - yes.\nWould I recommend it - yes\nWould I go back again and again - probably not.
Have been finding myself stuck in the Phoenix airport more than I'd wish. And, this was close to my gate (B16), but wish I would have walked someplace further.  \n\nOrdered the fish and chips - primarily for the coleslaw and it was served in a condiment cup - literally two small fork fulls - and not much flavor.  The fish was fishy (yuck). They were served with waffle fries which made up most of the plate.  I wanted malt vinegar, but my server was non-existent.  I visited at an off hour (2:00ish) so maybe she just forgot that I was there.  Since I had time to kill the slow service didn't hurt me, but if you're in a hurry I'd avoid this place.  \n\nOverall - overpriced - with my iced tea it came to $18.  Not worth the price. The sad thing is that I think it would have been better to eat at Burger King.  : (
"""I've done the tubing thing twice.  Each time, the rocks and trees kick my a$$.  But you get nice color, or a serious burn, and if you survive it, it can be fun.  On a day when people might not venture out to the river, it's peaceful and the nature you see is plentiful.  On the Fourth of July, hang on to your hat....and pants....and tubes...and keys.  \n\nI actually held about 6 water bottles worth of liquid from point 1 to the end point 4, but most people urinate on themselves.  It's not a \high brow\"""" activity, but it's an experience and the cool water vs. the hot day is a good contrast.\n\nJust remember, it's a real river with real rapids and real undertows.  You can really get hurt, even if you are a star swimmer.  Don't go it alone.\n\nIn terms of a family affair, I heard the f-bomb at least 20 times.  Most everyone was covered with tats and many were reminiscing about the time they were \""""locked up\"""".  And the average age of people there when I visited was probably 21.  Not something I'd take junior to do."""""""
Went there before an ASU game as two couples.  The server was pretty nice but very unprepared and kept forgetting things.  At one point, we made a bet that one girl would never get the lime in her beer that she ordered right when we sat down.  The bet against the lime won.\n\nThe manager did agree with us and worked to remedy the situation, but it took sooo long to get all of our food and drinks and half of it was messed up.  In no rush to return.
"""I have two kiddies and they love this place. I however, am not as excited about it as they are. The food was so-so and still more expensive than I would've liked. There's all sorts of \kid traps\"""". Light-up glasses and an entire gift shop full of more over-priced items. On the plus side, there's a mechanical crocodile just outside the restaurant. If your kid is young enough, you can always use that crocodile as collateral . . . . . \""""If you don't finish your food, that crocodile will get mad\"""". \""""If you don't behave that crocodile is going to come over\"""". You know, things like that which we may or may not have said to our son. - insert evil grin here-"""""""
I went to take advantage of the free ticket deal to see the Immortals with friends - but when we arrived, the theater had suffered a burnt-out bulb and we were forced to see Twilight instead.  While that might be grounds for a negative star review and a human rights complaint, I opted to tolerate it for the sake of science.\nThe theater is about what I've come to expect.  The service is good - you have a call button you can push and the waiter'll come running out to you - and they pretty much cater to your every whim while you relax and watch your movie.  However, the food is hilariously overpriced, which I did anticipate, so I can't say it was a shock to me.  But it's not getting any Michelin stars, let's put it that way.\nThe major dealbreaker - the reason I give this place a bad review - is the seating.  Half is theater seating, which is maybe one step above your normal theater seating, and the other half were office chairs with desks in front of them.  Okay, sure, they're NICE office chairs, but the place just opened.  Wait three months and see how nice they are then.\nWhy is this a dealbreaker if the chairs are sufficiently comfy and the service is respectable, and you knew what you were in for, you might ask me.  Well, here's the kicker.  There are other dinner theaters in this city, and while their tickets are generally more expensive, the general experience is much, much better.  So if you grade comparatively, SMG just loses out.  \nNow, if you're cheap, then just go for it - get there early, get good and soused at Four Peaks across the way first - but if you're looking for a novel, quality movie going experience... look elsewhere.
This is the worst of the Yardhouse locations in Phoenix.  The parking is a royal pain, there's often a wait, and this place gets annoyingly loud during popular sporting events.  Somehow this semi-yuppified place manages to attract all of the thugs who would normally go to a sleezy sports bar and scream at the TV there when their team is losing.  This Yardhouse is in a shopping mall, please go somewhere else.\n\nService & food quality are the same as the other Yardhouse locations in the valley.  Beer selection is great but not so great.  If you're a beer enthusiast, you've already tried at least 90% of the beers.  If you're not a beer enthusiast, you probably won't care that there's so many beers to choose from.  I think they missed the mark by having tons of widely available beers at one place rather than having a lot of hard to find beers that people will like to try for the first time.\n\nPrices are too high - $6 pints, $10 for most appetizers, and again - this location is bad for parking and customers.
On the day I visited, many of the exhibits and galleries were closed due to one reason or another--preparing for a fundraiser, renovation. The Contemporary Art collection was really limited and unimaginative. There were very few multimedia works, or multidimensional works. There was a lackluster collection of coture clothing which were not contextualized in any way, shape, or form. Why would these clothes be art? No clue there. Frankly, smaller museums such as the Denver Museum of Art/Albuquerque Museum, and the Panhandle Plains Museum, do far better in their breadth and depth, respectively.\n\nThe only really good thing about the Phoenix Art Museum are their grounds. Great willow acacia trees and fountains! I felt the building was arid and sterile and at the same time dark.
"""We came here on a Sunday night with friends. We were a party of 5, with four adults and one child. First off, the place is gorgeous, beautifully, minimally designed with lovely fireplaces and firepits at just the right spots.\n\nThe margarita I drank was very good, nothing outstanding. In Arizona, you better make a better-than-decent margarita or the sheer volume of competition will run you over.\n\nOur friends who live there ordered their usual, the Monterrey, and they loved it. I had one of the restaurant's specialties --- Ribeye Cascabel --- and I was greatly disappointed.\n\nFirst off, the ribeye is supposed to be one of the most tender cuts of meat from the animal, but nobody told these guys. This was an overcooked, tough piece that was chewy, chewy, chewy. And the cascabel sauce it was supposed to be \basted\"""" in, well, bathed is more like it. Swimming? Drowning? And the sauce was all pepper, no subtlety; two bites into it and my tongue, mouth and lips were burning.  They charge $24? For this? \""""Meh\"""" indeed.\n\nWe didn't stay for dessert and frankly, I wouldn't go back. C'mon, with all the \""""gourmet\"""" Mexican available in the Phoenix area, why bother with this place?"""""""
I've been debating about writing this review.  I love cupcakes and I was so excited when I so this store.  The store inside the mall is very cute.  The staff is amicable, but not overly helpful.  Which is ok, the cupcakes look good, however, looks are not all, even for cupcakes.  I got the Lemon Raspberry and the Coconut, as well as a Key Lime cake pop.  I tried the cake pop first.  It was gummy tasting and neon green.  I have been to Key West and I never saw a neon green key lime.  Then I took a bite out of the coconut one.  The cake per se was not bad, however the frosting tasted like oil.  Not appetizing.  So, I closed the little container and tried the Lemon Raspberry.  I guess I have been spoiled by other cupcakes in town.  Again, the neon yellow color for the cake.  Where do they get these citrus. (see picture)  The cake tasted like the ones from the grocery store.  I ended up throwing them in my garbage, making sure to smoosh it down, in case I had a Miranda moment (only if you have watched Sex and the City you will get this).  At least I know I won't be tempted at the mall anymore.  I guess I should be thankful????
"""I'm always in the mood for a good sandwich, so I stopped by Mike's.  As anxious as I was, I was STUNNED by the sky-high prices for what you get.  I mean, how good can a sandwich be to command 30% over market value, and 30% under volume consumed?  \n\nThe bun was 70% of the presentation, and although the buns are worthy and important, they should be 20%.  The meat and cheese should be at least 50% of the value for the sandwich.  Any good consumer knows that.\n\nHere we go, with no need to elaborate---  The outcome of the big 3:\n\nService:  \nThis part was average, and it's what you would expect at a busy sandwich shop.  We were 3rd in line, and it was 7 minutes before we walked out the door.\n\nTaste:  I liked the taste, although I was expecting SO MUCH MORE because of the hype that they put into their t.v. commercials.  After hearing the commercial, I expected them to be the most-perfect sub, just like they said.  The bun is 70% of the sub, and while soft and tasty, should've been 20% of the sub.  \n\nIt was just O.K., and it's fine for a quick bite at a sub shop.  Don't expect the meat and cheese to overpower the taste, since it's such a meager and marginal portion of the entire sub.\n\nPrice:  Welcome to the 'horrendous part' of the entire ordeal.  I have no problem paying $5 for a delicious sub.  One of the market leaders has been doing $5 subs for years, and I've often wondered why any other competitors that want to be market leaders haven't driven the price down AT ALL.  I expect that they don't want to compete in an American workplace, that is expected to be DRIVEN BY PRICE.\n\nI would even give $10 for the most fantastic sub, like the ones that New Yorkers RAVE about the subs in New York.  Since this is a New Jersey import, I have HUGE problems paying $9 to walk out with an average sub + fixin's.  I'd have no problem unless, of course, Chandler had a average, upper-class wage compared to New Jersey's upper-class wage.  You'll notice that they are NOT the same, and you'll find that they are VASTLY different.\n\nIf this sub would've 'rocked my world', then it's totally worth a $10 fee to escape with their fixin's.  As it was, I was left with a sub-standard sub (less than 12\) and with normal, wholesome, expected, and anti-climatic fixin's.  A big let-down from what their commercials INSIST are the best.\n\nSummary:\nThis shop is overpriced, and they don't get it.  They EXPECT that this is what you SHOULD pay for a 'premium' sub.  The trouble is, that Chandler is NOT Scottsdale, New York, nor New Jersey, and they haven't factored in the DESIRED sub shop that should be operating in a college community.  (we don't need more Scottsdale-type pricing, just college-kid pricing with college-kid type portions).  \n\nI doubt that the owners will agree, and also, please expect that the owners will maintain that they are \""""...doing a good thing...\"""" for the residents of the area.  Please disregard their fantasy leanings, since they don't understand the undergraduate population.\n\nAs far as stereotypes coming out of New Jersey, I'm also sure that these owners, just like the aggressive, post-WW2 unions, would ACTIVELY seek to prevent you from hearing what I've said about their food in this article.  I'm also convinced that they would also ADAMANTLY deny any affiliation with union henchmen.\n\nViva la America!"""""""
Yes... I went to Popeye's for dinner tonight.  I had a craving for popcorn shrimp and it was the closest thing to satisfy my hunger.  Is it just me or are their portions shrinking?  My popcorn shrimp was good and finger-lickin' greasy like I expected, but I could have eaten 3 times the amount! I guess that explains why they don't have a kid's menu and my boyfriend's son couldn't get a damn toy! They have obviously melded the two menus together and now I get to pay $6.95 for a combo that is kid-sized.
Took our son here for his birthday last night as he loves sushi. We had a $25 gift certificate and so ordered lots anticipating this. When we pay the bill and present the gift certificate to the waiter he advises us that they refuse to take it as they are in some legal battle with the company that issued it, restaurant.com. Not my problem! Had a valid certificate and planned on using it. We were advised by restaurant.com that it was good indefinitely. Apparently not so! Quite disappointed the restaurant did not want to do right by new customers. So many other places to spend our money.....
The food is OK, nothing really exciting.  We had the beef ribs, pork ribs, rice & beans, and mac & cheese.  The beef ribs were uber tough and dry.  I was extremely disappointment.  The pork ribs were better - kinda good.  I didn't taste the rice & beans as I'm not a fan but the mac & cheese was pretty mediocre, just like any other mac & cheese.\n\nThe place is super small and didn't really seem that clean.  All the furniture was mix-matched.  A true whole in the wall  but the staff was nice.
OK...here's the lowdown on this PARTICULAR LA Fitness.  It's a gay meat market.  There's no other way to describe it.  AND it's not a very good looking meat market to boot.   If your looking to workout, this place is very difficult to move around in.  It's oversold by about 1000 members.  It's extremely crowded from 4:30pm to 8:00pm.  The equipment is ok...when it is available. The lockerooms are sub-par beacuse they smell and are not cleaned regularly.  Showers are VERY cruisy.  If your looking for a workout try 24 hour fitness down the road.  If you want a GOOD LA Fitness, the Awatukee one is amazing..and CLEAN.
Food OK just average. Friends ordered Pollo Fundido & enjoyed it, but our Chicken Fajitas and Carnitas Burrito were DRY and not so flavorful. Waitress was friendly and attentive. Bartenders needed to pay better attention ... gave our drinks to another couple next to us and didn't even realize the mistake until we pointed it out. LAME!\n\nNice atmosphere on patio. \n\nVery large restaurant and we heard manager on the phone calling servers to come in to work,  so service could get spotty.\n\nPlenty of other places with better food and service, though perhaps you'll have to travel outside Cave Creek to find them.\n\nWe might come back here but only after trying the other restaurants in the area first.
"""Just because it's full doesn't make it good. \n\nWhen we first arrived this place as so full we barely had a place to stand. So we thought, \this place must be good.\"""" While we waited, a server came over to take our order. Then about ten minutes later we were seated. \n\nAs the food came out we both had the same reaction. Meh. The soup was flavorless, the pad thai noodles  were undercooked the sauce in the red curry was watery, so much it was nearing bland. Which is unheard of in any Thai restaurant!  \n\nI won't be going back"""""""
My family used this practice for years, but had to find a new doctor when the office became too difficult to work with. They refuse to manage routine mail in prescriptions as most doctors do by ordering a year's worth at a time (3months, renewable by 3). I am not talking about narcotics, I am talking about blood pressure and other routine medications. We had no problem making quarterly appointments for follow up visits, but about a week before the quarterly appointment the office would call and cancel the appointment and reschedule for about 2 weeks after we were to run out of meds. This happened 3 times in a little over a year. My husband was a nervous wreck over this practice.\nWe also found it impossible to get same day appointments when acute illnesses happened. My daughter had strep throat symptoms and the office stated that they were too busy to see her. Strep throat can result in kidney problems, heart valve problems, and scarlet fever. We ended up going to an urgent care for the issue. \nFinally, most offices will do your annual physical, send you to the lab for the required lab tests and phone you with the results. This office requires two separate doctors appointments, requiring two co-pays and additional costs for the insurance company.
OVERHYPED! Food is bland and tasteless but great atmosphere.\n\nWe went here and ordered a variety of food (an appetizer, a soup, a salad, 4 entrees, and a dessert).  This place is great for a happy hour and to kick it as the environment is spacious and hip and full of good looking people, but other than that, the food is very overpriced and every dish besides the bison burger was bland and tasteless.  They infuse a lot of culture into their menu but everything is so generic and americanized with absolutely no WOW factor.
"""\We wanted to take you out for your last dinner...so we got to thinking 'what place has specials on a Tuesday?'..and I remembered Chompie's has a special..AND A FOOD CHALLENGE.\""""\n\nAnd THAT is how I ended up at Chompie's on a Tuesday.  They were featured on TV (I think it's Man Vs. Food, but I'm not sure) bc of this food challenge of theirs.  On Tuesdays, they have a special - AYCE Jewish sliders & fries with the purchase of a beverage for $11.95.  (Keep in mind, a plate of 3 Jewish sliders + fries is $11.95.)\n\nI was told the specialties here are sliders.  The sliders themselves are a decent size (I'd say maybe it's the same size as the tiny McD's burgers, but taller?).  Jewish sliders have potato cakes in them; Western sliders don't; breakfast sliders are something completely different.\n\nEverything we ordered was ehhhh (befitting of a \""""meh, I've experienced better\"""" rating).  Two things that did impress me, however, were:\n\n1. They place pickles on the table right when you sit down!  I'm not a pickle girl myself, but it's a nice gesture.\n2. Everyone here is so FRIENDLY (I mean genuinely friendly!!).  Idk, I think most Arizonians in general are friendlier than the Californians I encounter on a daily basis hahahhaa.  And our waitress went out of her way to split 5 checks for our party of 7...that was pretty cool of her.\n\nI'm glad I went here for the experience, but I wouldn't come back again.  Lesson learned: Don't trust a bunch of post-gym, hungry, non-Yelping boys to pick a dinner spot ;)"""""""
The food was good. The service sucked! Our server 'Ceasar' was super nice when he first came to the table. However after our entrees were delivered, that was the last time we saw him. I have never, ever....ever been somewhere that let's a beer glass go completely empty. Let alone a glass of tea, which both happened. The busser actually filled my husband's tea, and another server came and offered us boxes. Then I was finally offered a 2nd beer after I was about 97% done with my meal.\nIt is a shame, because the menu was inventive. We would have tried other items, like we were going to order dessert, but due to the neglect we will not be returning.
Oh dear, this one of those fusion restaurants, they want to be authentic Mediterranean but they need to be extra certain they are catering to their demographics. If ya know what i'm sayin'.\n\nAnyways, this place is decent. The only issue I have is that the food is overpriced and really isn't very authentic. This fact combined with the fact that its not a lot of food for your money, aka bad value makes it lose a few points in my book.\n\nThe service is good, the staff is very friendly and its worth a visit, who knows you might like it? If you can't make it to Haji Baba in Tempe, or Baiz Market in Phoenix, then I suppose you can check this place out. Don't expect to be wowed too much. I pretty much never crave the food here, and the only reason it might be worth coming here is if you have a party of like 4 or more. Haji Baba and Baiz probably cannot realistically accommodate large parties.
While Kai did have an interesting tasting menu featuring unique takes on native cuisine, I was disappointed overall. They had recently increased the price of their tasting menus far above what was advertised on the website (which I've noticed has since been corrected). At the their new prices -- $280 for the large tasting menu with wine -- it wasn't even close to worth it. Atlas Bistro or Quiessence were as good or better, and now, after trying Kai, seem like a bargain. \n\nIf Kai were to offer their tasting menu at a price point closer to that of Atlas or Quiessence, I would definitely recommend them and would not hesitate to offer a four-star rating. The ambiance at Kai, similar to that of an off-strip 1970s era Vegas hotel, was marginally better than Atlas, but inferior to Quiessence. While the food at Kai was interesting, it just wasn't phenomenal enough to merit the outrageous cash outlay necessary to try it -- more than double other locally foced, chef-driven Valley restaurants.\n\nIf you're in the market for a nice, creative dinner, I'd rather recommend restaurants such as Quiessence, Atlas Bistro, FnB or Binkley's, all of which offer at least as good of an experience without requiring multiple wheelbarrows of cash to partake in phenomenally interesting and creative cuisine.
I'm almost ashamed to say that I order pizza here, but I do. It's either this, Domino's (hate) or Papa John's (almost too good if you're hammered drunk.) The pizza always takes forever, and sometimes arrives cold. Last night I ordered wings from their Wing Street and they were actually edible, but the little dumbass delivery guy named Pedro didn't say a word the entire time he was standing at my door. I have to assume you know how to speak, as I'm sure even Pizza Hut has that requirement. Maybe he got lost in the bird poo forest on the way to my house and was scared off by the hazardous waste sign at my front door, or the fact that I answered the door with a gun on my hip. Either way dude, speak damnit!!!!\n\nBut Pizza Hut, you'll be hearing from me next time I overdo the vodka and Grape Powerade drinks, and I'll still complain the next day.
Well, I finnaly got the chance to ceck this place out.  What a letdown.  Figured I would go basic and order a Chicao Dog and Fries.  Probably one of the worst chicao Dogs I have ever had and I did not like the oven baked fries at all.\nNo poppy bun as I was told they either did not get delivered or they were stolen.  That aside the brown crust was flaking off of the plain roll, like old bread does.  The roll had already started coming apart before I could pick it up.  Need less to say it quickly didintegrated as soon as I bit in.  The pickle was limp and broken.  This a small place that could do a good lunch business I suspect if quality was better.  Oneother note, mop the floor every night and when no one is at the register send the cashier out to wipe off tables...I mean really!\nI guess I will keep looking...
"""I'm not sure when the standards for Chinese food became so lax. I can remember going to so many good Chinese restaurants when I was younger, but it now it seems most every time I try a new one I'm disappointed.\n\nI hate to be so critical of Mr. Hunan--a mostly takeout joint--because the people behind the counter were very friendly, but the food was so oily and bland that it's hard to describe. I mean, it's hard to make \Hot and Sour Soup\"""" neither hot nor sour, but my try of this famous soup at Mr. Hunan revealed that it was indeed possible.  My main dish fared no better. In fact, it was so bland I've forgotten exactly what it was that I ordered! \n\nCome on, Mr. Hunan, this is the Southwest! We're not scared of some spice!!!"""""""
I went strictly based on the referral of a friend. I figured her pedicure looked great, so why not?\n\nAlas, no.\n\nMy nail technician (a man) went at a much faster pace than my friend (who was sitting next to me). Ironic as I had splurged for the salt scrub. My massage was a complete waste of time. I've swatted flies harder than he did on my legs. Five bucks on the scrub was roughly 60 seconds of application, smooshing around and then a quick rinse. \n\nThe other odd thing he did was reshape my nails into round-ish shapes. I had come in with perfectly squared nails. Poof! Gone.\n\nWhen I arrived home I was dismayed to see how goopy my manicure actually was. In my opinion he used too much polish. Ugh. My manicure lasted exactly two days, at which point I removed what was left of the polish. \n\nIf you go, stay away from the man technician.
Stopped by this place because my favorite spot was closed and because of I thought it was the same one as the one by ASU in Tempe. Comfortable place with traditional Thai decors. I decided to place an take out order ( because it was too late). It seemed like me and the cashier were having little difficulty placing my order, gladly the young gentleman helped me or her out with that. I hopped out without checking my order. Again, because they were about to close. But here's what drive me nut. I normally get  to go order will AT LEAST give me a set of plasticware. But yes, they didn't give me nothing. I had to have it with my bear hand ( awkward). Most importantly, my chicken dish was more likely call a soup!!! Can't even get a reAl taste of my chicken. I swear, I will only go to Thai Rama in Tempe for my hot food.
I had the damndest time trying to find this place! I was supposed to go a couple weeks ago and got so frustrated I turned my car around and hung out in Tempe instead. Tonight-I was bloody determined to find it. Still got turned around, but finally-hidden behind a bunch of trees and connected some kind of sporting event sales place, there was the Willow House-damn!\n\nBeautiful stones laid out on the grass, a kind of bubbling brook (man-made) and a lot of picnic tables on the corner of McDowell and 2nd Ave, let to stairs to the actual Willow House. There were tons of options on the board but no prices (?) and the pastries, as noted, did not look that appealing. The barista I thought was pleasant and made small talk and a small chai soy latte. It came to a whopping $4.09 (!) which I was pretty surprised by, but coughed up the cash. It was actually a mix and way too sweet for me, but he did steam the soy for me pretty well.\n\nWith Soy Chai in hand, I wandered around. It is narrow at first and there all these Mexican and day of the dead kind of knick-knacks and random merchandise displayed. There is a little nook, must have been a closet, with some random vintage clothing reasonably priced and handsomely displayed there. I noted to my right was a Non-Smoking room with some people intent on laptops and older couples chatting-seemed pleasant and actually a little quiet (couldn't tell if it was a 'weird' quiet or a nice zen like quiet). I wandered more (this place is deceptively large) and ended up in a large open room with chairs and large tables where people could smoke. It opened out to a glass-enclosed narrow front room (that faced McDowell) with a high counter and some two seater and four seater tables. There were guys chatting and talking about chainsaws (I was reminded somewhat eerily of Linklater's movie Slacker). I moved away from that odd little conversation to a room with cheap LPs, some awesome 2 buck cassette tapes (Best of Bill Cosby, Guns n Roses, Heart-what!), an odd little table and interesting but somewhat amatuerish art on the walls. Unfortunately this also let me peer into a small backroom/dark kitchen (!?) with a dude making a sandwich...with his barehands. It was kind of creepy. Dream-like, really. I quickly walked away from that observation and noted never to get a sandwich here. I stumbled upon some more nooks and crannies displaying totebags and glass jewelrey before stepping out and resting at one of their picnic tables and watching the traffic on McDowell.\n\nEh.
"""My husband and I have been here once before but just for drinks and we had told ourselves we need to come back.  Well we did, on a wednesday night and sat out on the patio, lets just say....dont think we will be going back!  Our friends had joined us well and were rather excited to try the place out untill we were there for almost 3 hours and had just got drinks, apps and dinner.  The service was horrible and they werent even busy...they used every excuse possible on why the service was so bad.  We had asked the hostess to speak to a manager and instead of getting the manager she told our server who then came out asking if everything was ok and \did i do something\"""".  Finally the manager had came out and really didnt have a care in the world that we had such a bad experience.  Needless to say we will never go back there!!  Not worth the money in any way!"""""""
It's 4th of July and nothing says Independence Day better than a hamburger (also acceptable is a hot dog). What's better is a hamburger that I don't have to cook - so I stopped by Islands for some burger-goodness. The service was very fast. I ordered a drink and within seconds it was on the table. As the drink neared its end, another appeared promptly. The glass was never empty, which being someone who is constantly thirsty, is a good sign. \n\nThe burgers now come with the endless fries. I was there previously and the fries had to be ordered separately. I found the fries to be very good. A little crunchy, but not too crunchy. The burger was a good size. I cut it in half and could only finish one half. I went with the Hula - which is a cheeseburger with Swiss, tomato and mushrooms. The burger was a little messy. It had condiments on it and the combination of condiment and grease made for a messy burger. Most guys don't really mind messy food, and I am among that list. What I didn't like was the burger was extremely salty. I assume the mushrooms were saut\u00e9ed probably in garlic salt - but I think there was a bit much. After a while, all I could taste was the salt. Good thing the drinks were endless...\n\nI don't go often to Islands. Typically I think it is okay. The service is good, but I wasn't impressed with the salty, greasy Hula burger.
"""My friend and I came here on Friday for happy hour.  It was pretty slow considering it was Friday night at 6 pm, but still had a smattering of people.  We got a seat right away and the waitress was really prompt and nice.  We ordered a pitcher of sangria on happy hour- making it only $12.50 and it was very strong!  I was bummed to see that none of the food is on happy hour specials... but priced fairly enough so not the ned of the world.  We had queso, the churros and a chopped salad.  Everything was pretty tasty and good.  Leaving on Friday, we were happy with our experience that we decided to come back on Sat night with a group of friends-- bad idea!\n\nSat night-- little line outside, but not bad.  Once we got in, it was the perfect amount of people.  Not overcrowded where you kept getting knocked into, but not so bleak that you felt like you are the only ones there.  Music was good and unique mixture of people. \n\nThe front bar was great-- got served almost immediately.  Bartender was fast, prompt and superfriendly.  Then we decided to go to the back near the pool/cabanas.  We sat at the bar and attempted to order drinks.  It was NOT packed-- there was one bartender, but that should have been adequate.  We waited patiently, and kept getting passed up.  We were there for over 10 minutes and never got acknowledged.  Finally, one of the guys we were with said (and not in a demeaning way),\ hey.... we have been here for about 10 min.\""""  The bartender proceeds to yell, \"""" Do you think I give a F**K? I don't F**king care, if you want a drink right away, then stay at home and drink there.\""""\n\nWHOA!  We were so taken aback....  she then proceeded to backtalk to the guy next to us who had ordered two straight liquor shots and got shoddy pours. \n\nWe immediately got up and left.  Walked across the street to The Lodge and drank the rest of our money away there.  \n\nI will think twice about going back to SF.  It's so sad that what would otherwise be an awesome hangout has to be tarnished by one employee who clearly didn't get the memo on customer service."""""""
Tried to pop into White Chocolate Grill the other night only to find an hour and a half wait.  Should have waited!  Instead we walked across the parking lot and found a cheap seafood chain that is actually worse than Red Lobster.  Please stay away as you will only be disappointed by their failure at every turn.  The only reason for the second star was that our server was actually quite funny.  We probably should have been able to guess the quality of food we were in store for when the Mahi Mahi was $9.
Are these supposed to be cupcakes, or freestanding globs of frosting and...sprinkles?\n\nI've never gone into Sprinkles, but my coworkers have brought their cupcakes in on several occasions, so I feel like its fair to review their treats.  And I'm not impressed. The cupcake part is so flimsy and weak, it practically toppled over from the four inches of frosting on top of it, each time I've picked one up. The cake tastes -- really boring. No flavor, other than some sort of weird preservative-like taste (is this from the grocery store bakery? No? Then why does it taste like it is?). I've tasted a vanilla and a chocolate and they both tasted like that.\nThe frosting is yummy, but I ended up throwing away most of it.\nThe worst part about these cupcakes is that, after eating them, both times, I've had a major, major blood sugar crash about two hours afterward. WTF? That doesn't happen when I eat other sweets... just how much sugar is in these things?
"""I am new to the Phoenix area and was in the mood for someone else to cook my breakfast for a change and stumbled across all these rave reviews of Matt's on yelp. Normally I find that the yelp reviews are just about spot on and very honest. This is my first case of the contrary. I don't know what hole in the wall \amazing\"""" breakfast joint these reviews were for, but I must have been at the wrong place.........\n\nDon't get me wrong this place is reasonably priced for your basic breakfast, but that is about it. I gave them an extra star for using \""""local\"""" ingredients. This place is below Waffle House and the like on my list. \n\nThe hash browns were more like a chopped potato omelet that needed a few more minuets, I.E. raw mashed potato in the middle. They take \""""over easy\"""" a little too serious also. If there were such a thing as egg tar tar, that's what was on my plate. If you have ever had eggs like this, the ones that can't even be eaten with a fork, then you know my pain. I will say my pork chop was good, but who can screw up a pork chop? The bread was good, nice thick cut slices of what looked to be locally baked loafs. The preserve that came with said toast was okay too, but it got snatched away before I could finish. \n\nAll in all, this place is good for the sheep that need to eat downtown, but lacks anything for a reason to return or recommend it to anyone. If you are in the area and thinking of eating here, try somewhere else. I didn't have to wait in line like many on yelp have stated, and I'm sure glad I didn't for that lack of quality. There are many other options in the area, give someone else a shot that's not banking on you eating there because they were on T.V................."""""""
So, yes, it's a great location, 1 star. And a great interior, 1 star. After my 3rd visit I am officially ready to write them off my coffee list. I love supporting local businesses, but this place just isn't my cup o' jo. \nYesterday morning I went to get a latte, I ordered a small with an extra shot. The price went from $3 to $4.65, What the ....what?!? The esspresso just seemed to have a sour taste, and since I had to have my caffine, and wouldn't dare to go near the break room sludge, I forced myself to drink this. I actually wished I had gone to starbucks and I'm just not that kind of girl!!!! Maybe I am coffee spoiled, but I just couldn't palette this stuff. I am also sad they never have veggie options for breakfast burritos and they don't even carry carmel for a carmel latte?!? And the honey vanilla latte is too sweet for my taste. I am glad that some people like it, but I would rather be at Jobot or Lola's. And yes they do now except cards, but are not card friendly if you only order 1 drink.
"""Three friends and I went for lunch today. I don't think we'll go back unless we hear about improvements.\n\nI had the \General Chicken\"""" lunch combo for $7.50. The hot and sour soup was so-so, but I had to add their \""""sweet sauce\"""" to make it interesting. Although the obligatory chili icon indicate this was a spicy dish, the General Tso's chicken had zero heat and very little flavor. If I had to guess, I'd say it was just colored corn syrup for sauce. The crab puffs we're big and packed... with dried, crumbled blah inside. I didn't bother eating the second one. \n\nMy friend who ordered the same dish agreed that everything was \""""eh\"""". The other two weren't impressed with their chow-mein or the Shanghai Club special.\n\nThe decor is nice: dark, comfortable atmosphere with tasteful water fountains and traditional Chinese instruments on display. The staff was great, too bad the food is weak."""""""
The food is fresh and edible, but very forgettable.  I had the mango chipotle chicken salad without the shell.  Overall it was okay, but the chicken portion was very small - maybe 2.5 ounces.  The menu choices overall are hard to choose from and unless you get a salad without the shell or a single taco, the remaining choices are 700 calories plus.  A veggie burrito for example is 800 calories.  It has been awhile since I have been to Baja Fresh and I suddenly remember why. I will not be returning.
i feel that indian food is pretty standard, so when you can not live up to the expectations of 'average' you must be doing something wrong.  came here for the sunday lunch buffet and it sadly was not up to snuff.  the chicken quality (both tandoori and makhani) wasn't fresh, nor was the curry tasty.  the same can be said for the mixed vegetables.  the chickpeas were good but that was really it.  even the sweet lassi was too watery (way too much ice).  overall atmosphere and location is nice; sizable space and clean, friendly staff.  but it you are looking for good food, just drive by and don't slow down.
"""First time going to Pei Wei. It is owned by PF Changs. Immaculant & clean restaurant. Very impressed with the quick service style ambience & loved the decor. I especially liked that the menu was posted on tv's on walls and at each cashier station-never seen that before. Staffed seemed unfriendly, prob bc they wanted to go home & celebrate 4th of July. I saw the chef & expeditor get in a lil argument about an order. A co-worker told them to \hush\"""". I enjoyed watching them make my order on the wok. The food was....uhhh...bleh. Got vietnamese caramel chkn & orange chkn and it was salty, salty, salty. Ewhh, how can ppl like this. It should be more on the sweeter side. I did like the edamame, but its always good anywhere. Overall pretty & fun place, but food is not to my par."""""""
"""This is our first (and last) AZ Moe's experience.  We lived 3 minutes from a Moe's in Ohio and always joked about the perpetual problems that NEVER got fixed.\n\nSomehow, 2000 miles away, the problems are identical.\n1.  Tofu is offered as a \meat\"""" option but they were out of it.  The girl making the food didn't know where they kept the frozen tofu.  Same thing as Ohio.\n2.  Certain vegetables not available.  \""""I showed up today and NOBODY had done any prepwork!  Sorry!\""""  Again, same thing as Ohio.\n3.  One worker prepping food and ringing out on the register, and one worker rummaging around a freezer the entire 15 minutes they were in line (maybe looking for tofu?)  So, as the line lengthened with a Sunday lunch crowd, the poor girl became more and more frustrated.  (Yep, same as Ohio).  As I looked at my burrito sitting, getting cold, waiting for the girl to finish plating and ring it out, I just wanted to leap behind the counter and grab it.\n\nWe honestly do like Moe's food but there's some fundamental lack of management oversight to allow these problems to happen... over and over again."""""""
I was absolutely starving so I looked around and saw chairs outside on a patio. When I walked up to First Watch I was a little confused. Their logo seems more like a diet organization than a restaurant in my opinion. Maybe the cafe needs to be a little larger.  \n\nI sat down with one of my friends and we ordered. I love breakfast and the omelette I ordered was not satisfying at all. The eggs seemed greasy and no one wants that when you order egg whites!  My friend took two bites of her pancakes and didnt want to eat anymore. \n\nOverall, we will not be returning!
"""Rula has one of the most incoherent door staff ever, they are all \career\"""" door guys. Pushing 40's door down. Get a life.\nSeconded of all, I had one of the most impersonal bartenders I think I have ever met. I'm assuming its because I didn't have a huge set of tits flopping around while drinking my blacksmith. Anyhow,  I will give it to Rula that they have some good live music-but if you make your way past the swarm of bros and hoes-you might just enjoy yourself a smidgen\n\nAll n all- not a fan."""""""
Extraordinarily ordinary.\n\nAt here on a Saturday late morning with wife and two kids.  First, there was a wait for tables, which is fine and frankly expected on the weekend at a small cafe.  But then they sat us and no waiter showed up.  Once fixed, service was really marginal for the rest of the meal.  \n\nFood was just okay.  Wife had the turkey burger, which was just very boring and not exceptionally tasty.  I had the Tryst Omelet which was reasonably priced but very underwhelming in presentation and taste.  The sweet potato tater tots sounded cool, looked cool, and tasted pretty great for the first five or six in your mouth.  But there were a LOT of plates I saw taken away with nearly full portions of the tots.\n\nKids meals were just okay.  The kids burger had a patty that tasted worse than any McDonalds or school lunch program burger I had in High School.\n\nSetting is an upscale strip mall.  Inside is pleasant.  With outdoor tables and misters, this would be a terrific late Fall through Early Spring breakfast joint if you live in the area. \n\nFood isn't terrible.  As a whole, better than a Denny's.  But really nothing exceptional at all.  And the owners were nice and friendly, but they need to teach their servers better manners and to spend less time flirting with co-workers and more time focused on taking care of the customers.\n\nI surely won't go out of my way to come back, but if I had an hour to kill for breakfast and was in the area, might give it another shot if nothing else looked better.\n\nI mean, not every place can be a Matt's Big Breakfast or St. Francis or any of the other exceptional restaurants around town, but the food, service, and atmosphere earns this place a solid 2 stars.
"""We decided to eat here for our 4th anniversary dinner.  Let's start with the positives.  Beautiful decor, love the contemporary feel with the chalk blackboard  wall. Great location, the Camelback Inn is very beautiful.  The meal began with the chef's gift of  warm chicken liver spread with thyme and crusty bread - wonderfu,l followed by  the gruyere glazed popover served with a ramekin of european butter and sea salt.-amazing!  A little recipe card is included with the popovers-nice touch.   I wish I had more positives to say I really wanted to love this restaurant.\n\nSo now for the reasons for the 2 star rating.   \nWhen we arrived for our reservation, it would have been nice to have heard happy anniversary since we had noted that on our open table reservation.We were  seated in a great round booth nice intimate location for our anniversary dinner. When we arrived at our booth she  pulled the table out so we could snuggle in the back and on the seat was food.  Thankfully she noticed and I thought she would apologize and promptly clean up. What happened next should have been a warning sign of how our night was going to turn out.  She said, \Oh\"""" and stood there, so I said \""""here I'll move so you can clean that off.  She then proceeded to enter the booth and swipe the food off the seat onto the floor with her hand.  Not what I'd expect of a Laurent Tourondel restaurant. Our server arrived  promptly but still no happy anniversary.  I don't mean to make a big deal out of the lack of a greeting, it's just  a nice touch when celebrating a special occasion, definitely not a reason to give a 2 star rating though , so I'll continue.   We ordered our wine and to our surprise our server returned promptly and to our relief wished us Happy Anniversary, which quickly turned awkward as he tried to connect with us and tell us all of his friends are starting to marry and have children and now his girlfriend is looking at him wondering what his problem is that he hasn't asked her to marry him yet and how wow thats a lot of responsibility and he didn't know how people could get married blah blah blah. Thanks, you could've kept your happy anniversary.  Awkward and uncomfortable!  He then proceeded to tell us that the wine we ordered was not chilled enough and would we mind if he chilled it for 6-10 minutes.  Really, how could the wine not be chilled if it's on the menu.  Still ok at this point, we aren't high maintenace diners and honestly pretty easy going and very forgiving.  We thought at this point he would take our orders, however even though we were only 1 or 3 tables filled in the restaurant he did not return to take our order until our wine was chilled.  What he did do was help the table next to ours get that perfect photo for their memory album and blind us with the flash of their camera several times cause they weren't quite happy with their photo.  To his credit he did apologize when he returned to take our order.  \n\nI ordered the spice rubbed cowboy ribeye, my husband the bone in rib eye, a side of the creamed spinach, jalapeno mash, and hen of the woods mushrooms with a side of chimichuri and green peppercorn sauce.   The cowboy ribeye comes to the table with the whole rib attached to the ribeye not expecting that. The spices were so charred the only flavor I got was burnt and the meat itself was so fatty half the steak was totally inedible. My husband kindly shared his steak which was good, but hardly anything I would return for.  Great hen of the woods mushrooms really enjoyed these  favorite part of the dinner.  The rest of the sides ok nothing great though.  \nWe finished and my husband had to refill his own wine glass, because our server was chatting and taking pictures again. \n\n What happened next was truly shocking, something I'd expect if we were at Mcdonalds  but not a upscale steakhouse.  An electrician showed up and proceeded to change the light bulb that was out at the booth next to ours.  Mind you by this time it was 10:30 pm and the restaurant closed at 11pm.  Really are you freaking kidding me you can't wait a half hour to change a light bulb.  \n\nTo BLT'S credit they arrived  with a complimentary dessert, however as the wait staff, not our server sets it down in front of us and promptly walks away without explaining what it was we looked down and in fittingly comic horror scribbled on the plate is Happy Birthday!  WOW!!\nOur server shows to drop off the check and looks at the plate and says\"""" did they write happy birthday?  haha that's funny\""""\n\nReally BLT!  We trusted the reputation of Laurent Tourondel to schedule our special occasion and this was very amateur and embarrassing for your restaurant  at best.  When you go out to dinner and willing fork out over $200 for a meal this is not what is expected.  \nI guess my husband and I should thank BLT for giving us such a  great story to tell all of our friends and family of the night we wasted over $200 on a comical night of amateur proportion."""""""
Dropped in here relatively late on a Saturday evening for a fast dinner for five, but it turned out to be nearly an all-night ordeal.  The service was just awful, what with an inexperienced waiter and staffing that did not match the number of people on a Saturday night.  Our order was simple- burgers, etc., but it took nearly a half hour to be served.  The restaurant is relatively large but only one small area was open to guests and that made it very loud and gave a crowded feeling to dinner.  When we did get our order, there was little or no  follow-up with more coffee, etc.  The evening was full of apologies and reassurances.  It may have been a fluke, but that evening, the place was not even up to  the moderate service standard at most Coco's.  The coconut custard pie was excellent, though, when it finally arrived.  I'd give them another try, I suppose, but there are lots of other places in Phoenix.
There aren't many Mexican buffet restaurants in phoenix. Maybe because Mexican food is best served fresh. I remember the 1st time my boyfriend took me to Panchos; he remembered eating there when he was younger & wanted to go back.  The salsa isn't very good; it's bland for a Mexican place. We have gone back many times and I must admit that it has gotten worse & worse every time. The food selection has gotten worse & the price higher. We also saw them on the dirty dinning report & they got a horrible rating and neither of us was surprised. It's sad, such a great Idea & good location could have done allot better!
I could not agree more with Alicia B's review. I went here with my husband Saturday night, it is in our nieghboorhood and we had heard decent things. We waited about 10 minutes for a table, not because it was full or busy. The hostess looked a right at us, no acknowledgement and then she went on to what must have been more important business. Finally, a passing waiter sat us. The service continued to be inattentive and slow. Our cocktails were tasty, I had a pomegranire margarita and my husband has something with a kooky name, I think it mentioned a Donkey. We had the Queso with crab which was pretty good, the crab could have been tastier and the whole thing needed some spice. The chips and salsa, OK. I had the carnitas, after recommendation by our waitress. Not bad, but certainly not good and not worth $17. My Husband has the seafood crepes, they were OK, but lacking flavor. The food was not bland, but flat, just meh. This place would be a 3 star, but for the price, it is coming down to a 2 star. \nThe building and patio are really cool and set a good atmosphere, too bad the food and service don't follow suit. \n\nOn a side note I did get to overhear a great conversation by two guys visiting from out of town, probably in thier mid to late 40s. I guess last time they came here the women were way hotter. This time there are hot women, but they are not as common. They seemed to like the place, one of them remarked the only thing better than his food was getting laid earlier that day.
This place was kind of gross. I stuck to the floor while I was at the counter ordering some food and the carpet looked like it hadn't been vacuumed since they opened. This theater has only been open for about a year, but it already has a feel to it that it's been there for about 15 years and is in need of a renovation. All was well once we got inside the theater room, but the lobby/hallway was disgusting.\n\nI do like their policy of not letting small children into R-rated movies after 6PM.
It's weird. I want to love Chez Nous, but I don't yet. You know how it is, it's hard to compare a copy to the original. If you've been to the now defunct location at 7th Avenue & Indian School, it's similar. The bouncers are friendly and just the right amount of chatty, my customized bicycle-riding photographer friends enjoy hanging about there, and the soul music will make you want to get down with your bad self on the dance floor.\n\nThe night I went, they didn't accept credit cards so that was a bit off-putting. It's not the end of the world to pay two separate ATM fees: once to get in, and then again to buy round of drinks, but it is annoying. (I've been since and was able to use a credit card at the bar but plan on a $25 minimum, an additional 20% gratuity automatically added.) I've been lucky to be able to grab a table every time I go, with no hovering. Even on a fully packed First Friday. The staff could be a little friendlier. Otherwise, it's ok.\n\nBut, all in all, it's just not the first place I want to go on a Friday night, dig?
I thought the customer service when placing my order tonight was pretty good. The guy was quick to the point and personable - no complaints there. My order was correct and on time. Kudos for that.\n\nThe food. Wow, lets talk about that. My house salad was fine, better than most pizza places that usually just give you hunks of iceberg and quartered tomatoes like they couldn't care less. My salad had baby reds, arugula, and fresh romaine. Extra points for that. The pizza, however... what happened there? The first thing we immediately noticed was that the sauce on our standard cheese pizza was extremely watery and flavorless. I have never experienced sauce so watery and it made the entire pizza a soupy mess. Despite this, we were really hungry, so I said screw it and had a slice. I wish I hadn't, because now my stomach is paying for it as we speak. \n\nI was also disappointed that the spinach that I asked for on our pizza was nothing like the spinach that I'm used to enjoying on top of their white pizza. Instead we received whole leaves of spinach that were toasted to an unenjoyable, also flavorless crisp. \n\nTo be fair, I realize that when it comes to chain restaurants some locations are better than others, and I also realize that this one just recently opened. Still, I just can't excuse a pizza (and not a very cheap one at that) that could be so bad. Hopefully things improve over the next month or so, but maybe I'll stick with the Camelback location.\n\n\nEdit: To the people (presumably employees or friends of) that are leaving fake five star reviews - stop it. It's dishonest, deceptive, and incredibly obvious.
"""Hillside is doing everything right,  EXCEPT the BREAD.  I looked past it the first time.  Called it a fluke, went back tried other thing.  But this bad bread ruins a whole sandwich.  It looks like European bread, it is NOT.  Hillside needs to change bread distributors.  It could be as simple as \La Brea\"""" or even \""""Fresh and Easy's\"""" new bakery products.\n\nIt is tragic because I love everything Hillside has done; the windows the open kitchen the casual environment remind me of the greatest restaurants in town; La Grande Orange, True Food and The Vig.  I would eat here weekly if only they weren't compromising on the bread.\n\nTo the owners, I plead, get some gourmet breads, European style, herb breads, Sourdough, breads, Whole Grain with Nuts, even sprouted grain breads if you want to cater to the super healthy, but the croissant-looking, Roman Meal tasting bread should go."""""""
So I'm shocked at how many stars this place has.  Don't get me wrong.  It is GREAT for kids.  They love all the toppings, it's relatively cheap, the place is clean, and they even have strawberries floating around in the self-serve water cooler. \n\nAs far as taste goes, I can no longer put anything in my cup that doesn't have the word 'tart' after it.  The banana yogurt has the same flavor as that Wacky Taffy crap. . . not banana, but candy flavored fake banana.  The pistachio doesn't taste anything like a pistachio. My three year old will no longer touch it.  Even the chocolate is bad.  Both my husband and I have commented to each other that some of the flavors have a chemical aftertaste.  If you are looking for quality yogurt or ice cream, skip this place.  If you're looking for toppings and a fun time for kids, well, then by all means.  Have at it!
"""this place was a horrible experience all the way from the customer service to the coffee. i went here about 3 weeks ago with two of my friends who also were first time customer's, im not sure where to begin, its small, crowded, with uncomfortable furniture. all 3 of us got something different, my coffee was nothing but a cup of iced milk with sugar on top, and my 2 friends cups tasted like burnt coffee beans, yuk, when we waited in line for about 15min and reached the counter we had no greeting from the woman behind the couter with the fake english accent, she just said \what do you want?\"""" i asked what their most popular drink was and she sighed as if i was an inconvience...wow.... we barly paid and got the drinks then noticed the awful taste... i walked back to the counter to ask if this was the correct drink and that it didnt taste like there was any flavor or coffee, instead of apologizing and re-making me a new one the woman responded \""""thats the way we make it\""""    again wow... so at that point we threw are full cups in the trash and walked out, never again will i back - i recently found out lux was owned by someon else previously and then the owner sold it to open a coffee bar and resturant called \""""lola's\"""" -- im sure its was 10x better when the prevously owner had it because i just went to lola's 3 days ago and let me tell you the best coffee and the best service i was looking for, so if you don't like lux go to lola's ...... lux rhymes with sux"""""""
"""A warm greeting means alot, but if that's the best part of one's take out experience, the establishment probably doesnt warrant four or five stars.  Portions are solid and prices fair, but there are a number of things Karey's could improve on. \n\nFirst, the signature dishes we tried didnt have much wow factor at all.   The cute little lumpia are like Sharon Stone in 'Basic Instinct'. Blonde and delicious on the outside, dark and horrible within. The pork paste, or whatever it is, might as well be dog food. Sorry, but that's my honest opinion.  The authentic, custardy cassava cake was different (yay!) and cheap(yay!), but quite mild for a dessert, at least to my undiscerning, sugar-addled taste.   \n\nOur chicken sample was dry, the pork adobo and beef offered were better - the texture of the slow cooked beef reminded me of my mother's Yankee pot roast - only this had less flavor and seasoning.  My unadventerous teen said his beef burrito was one of the worst meals he's had in a while...not much juicy meat taste and a ridiculous amount of cheese which overpowered everything.  \n\nSecond, the free samples are fun and appreciated but the context in which they're provided is a little awkward.  When we walked in, all the steamtrays were covered and there were no pictures of the food - at least not that I remember. Maybe there's a culinary reason for the covers, but you cant SEE or really SMELL any food!  So you're kind of at Karen's \mercy\"""" to provide you with these toothpick samples.  She cheerfully offered three mainstays (chicken, beef, pork)...and then there was this sort of lull, where I guess we were supposed to \""""decide\"""", despite a blackboard off to the side, listing four or five addtl specialties.   \n\nIt's partly my fault. I asked about pancit and dropped a hint or two that I wanted to try a variety, but couldve been more forceful probing options.  By this time, however, we had already eaten six skewers and I felt a little piggish asking for more. And Karen didnt offer more. Were we hard sold something we didnt want? No.  But I felt gently steered toward a few standard selections and away from other (more exotic?) options, especially considering there was nobody behind us in line.  If the covers were off, or there were pictures, I'd have been more likely to say, \""""That looks interesting\"""" or \""""that smells good, what's that?\"""".   In lieu of a detailed, descriptive menu (there is none, although Karen was verbally descriptive and very helpful) I just think a customer benefits most from a visual display (think Miracle Mile Deli, Panda Express, etc) of ready to eat fare.     \n\nWe stopped by around 5:30pm on a Thursday, and were at Karey's around  fifteen minutes.  There were no other customers.  Zero.  Tons of traffic driving home from work. And nobody.   At this point, I think Karey's is a more sincere than genuinely  savvy operation, but that could change by smoothing a few rough edges,  showcasing all their recipes and maybe a spicier sauce or two.  \n\nTwo minor glitches.  We werent given a receipt copy for our take out order. Also, one of our plastic clamshells leaked on the way home.   The sauce was filled near the brim, but it was messy and annoying.  Good intentions...not so good execution.    \n\nThere's definitely potential here and they're not too far from making this a terrific place with broad appeal.  Who wouldnt root for a relatively unfamiliar cuisine served up by such friendly folks?   But I think (for well intentioned Yelpers) to pretend they've already nailed it, largely on the strength of warm greetings and surprisingly mild fare with exotic names, may be setting Karey's up for a wave of unmet expectations. I know that's how we felt."""""""
Awkward set up that is messy and unorganized. It's one of those places where you are not sure what to do or where to stand or where to get your food and coffee - and they don't care. They are trying so hard to be hipster and cool that they forgot about customer service. They just need to re-think they way they operate, and I think they would rock, since the coffee is very good. The food is just average, however. My biggest complaint is that there is one dark haired short girl that works there that just seems out of it and rude. She does't look at you when you order, and then end up making you repeat yourself several times. Also - she's not very polite. Maybe I just wasn't hipster enough for her. \n\nI think most people go here b/c of the hype and to scope out others... If you don't feel like getting looked up and down while you drink your coffee, don't go here. Lola or Urban Beans are much better.
"""If I could give this place a negative star, I would. It is where I shop for groceries, but I detest it every time I go. The only time it isn't busy with bus people and 19th Ave riff-raff (yes, I am being snarky and elitist, but I don't care!!!) is Saturday or Sunday mornings, anytime before 10 a.m. All that roam the isles at this time are nice, older people from the nearby retirement communities. I guess the stink of the city aren't quite up at that time. \n\nI once saw a man with a huge gash on his nose with blood dried up all over it.  I looked at him oddly, and he gave me a look back, like \hey, what are you lookin' at?!\"""" Ummmm... hello!  Plus it smells in there -- not a good attribute to have at grocery store -- and, it is nearly impossible to find a grocery cart or a nice check-out person.\n\nDespite all these unbearable flaws, I know I'll keep going.  I am a sucker for cheap prices!  Just remember: Before 10 a.m. + old people = good shopping experience; 5 p.m. on a Tuesday night (or any night for that matter) + weirdos = scary shopping experience.\n\nUpdate 2.2 - I feel a little bad about giving this Fry's only one star, especially since I shop there.  So, I'll give it at least two for some of its redeemable qualities.  However, today I got there early to do a little shopping, and it was fairly quiet with no lingering pee smell, but I still get aggravated by that store!  \n\nTheir Roma tomatoes were awful looking. I saw a produce stocker accidentally push a red bell pepper onto the floor and then picked it up, dust it off and put it back!  They failed to stock their frozen pizzas, which left me with about two options to choose from. And, they NEVER have any baggers.  My poor cashier had to bag everything.  \n\nOh, and to top it off, whenever I go there I have really bad cart karma.  I always pick a shitty one, I swear!  I really think I am going to buck it up and head to Safeway.  They always smile and say \""""Good Morning.\"""" I think that alone is worth a few extra bucks!"""""""
"""I had Sprinkles cupcakes for the first time last night.\n\nI felt it was a complete meh experience. Maybe I'm just not a cupcake kind of guy. Maybe it's because I'm a guy, and I'd rather have food than dessert. Then again, I do have a whole Yelp list for Fro-Yo.\n\nI wasn't \Wow'd\"""" by any of the cupcakes. I tried the Red Velvet, Carrot and Black & White. \n\nThe cupcakes reminded me of the U2 album Pop. Nothing great. A little out of the ordinary, but could have been a lot better. I could've made something better at home...and I'm not even a frickin baker.\n\nMEH. I'VE EXPERIENCED BETTER."""""""
The ONLY reason to go here is for the chefs who cook at your table (if you sit at the right tables).  The chefs are entertaining and put on a good show.   However, everything else here SUCKS.  The building is a strange slanted roof/huge ceiling building that looks like it used to be a church or ski lodge or something.  The service is bad and even thought he chefs are good, the food is mediocre.  The worst part of this place by far though is that there is no air coniditioning!!! It's hot as hell in this place.  Enjoy.
This salad bar restaurant is okay. I can't even stress to people enough though that this is on the polar opposite end of Sweet Tomatoes both in quality of food and selection and they are about the same price. The selection here is a lot smaller and you can tell that the quality of produce isn't as high. Also, the bread selection looks like something that they just pulled out of the freezer. I will eat here on occasion with colleagues if we really want a salad bar lunch.
"""This place was not impressive.  Went in on a Monday night.  It was deader than disco.  With that being said, it took 15 minutes and twice to ask the hostess \where is our server\""""  After that, the service was great and they even offered us a free dessert.  \n\nI ordered the mahi mahi tacos which were good but RIDICULOUSLY overpriced.  There couldn't be more than 3 oz's of fish on the plate.  For $17 I expect more than 2 bites of fish.  My sister ordered the fajitas which she said weren't great.  \n\nOverall, I'd never go back there again.  I rather travel 2 miles more down the road and get Rubio's.  I know my Mexican food and this place is a giant N Scottsdale RIPOFF!"""""""
It is mediocre at its finest.\n\nOur server, Julius, was not cut out to be working with customers.  He reminded me of Kel Mitchell, from Nickelodeon's Kenan & Kel show.  Except, picture Kel, experiencing the terrors of tripping on pot.\n\nJulius seemed way out of it, and exuded the enthusiasm of Ben Stein's character in Ferris Bueller's Day Off.\n\nMy wife asked to taste the chile verde, and he brought us diced green chiles.  They blew our heads off!\n\nThe food was just food.  Nothing special.  I wont be back.
"""Read the reviews on Yelp tonite and decided to give Arriba's a whirl.  We went to the Camelback location.  The place was OK.  Nothing stupendous and nothing God awful either.  The whole place looked pretty grungy, in particular there was trash all over the floors; bits of paper, wrappers, gum and such. \n\nThe service was \meh\"""".  After we were seated a highly disinterested bus person or food runner dropped off a heaping wrought iron edifice of greasy, pretty tasteless chips.  They actually tasted more like cereal than tortilla chips. She also sloughed off extra ramekins of bland, but spicy bean dip and salsa.  She kinda dropped the stuff on the table and withdrew quickly as if she were throwing a diaper into the trash.  Our server barely spoke English and barely seemed to notice we were there.  She seemed either aloof or afraid to speak, which I guess was her personal rendition of subservience or something.\n\nThe BF and I both wanted to try the White Sands Chimi after all the awesome reviews on Yelp, so we agreed that he'd get it, give me a bite and I ordered the Arriba sampler, which was like 8 appetizer sized chucks of really greazy, indistinguishable and pretty tasteless finger foods.  He ordered guacamole with his and I asked for sour creme with mine.  His guacamole did not come out on his plate or on the side, but we were charged $2.50 for it.  I did get \""""sour creme\"""" but it was more of a frozen glop of dairy than anything else.  The White Sands Chimi seemed like it would have a good flavor but I couldn't really savor it because the intense burning was too much to endure. The BF & I literally swapped plates halfway thru the meal b/c he couldn't take the heat of the chilies anymore.  I really don't think they're hatch chilies. They burned like jalape\u00f1o.  I buy roasted hatch chilies fresh-roasted at Food City all the time and they do not burn the crap outta your tongue like this food did.\n\nOur server never came back to check on the food, our drinks, bring more water or soda and I literally had to flag her down to ask for the check.  It was NOT busy in there at all and I saw about 5 other servers buzzing about serving the maybe 10 tables total that were seated in the whole place.\n\nAll in all -- nothing overwhelming, including the food. It just all tasted like overly greazy fried corn chips that had been in a half empty cereal box for 6 months.  Other than \""""spicy\"""" -- there were no particularly memorable or enjoyable flavors.  I don't think that just burning my (I suppose wuss-assed, from other people's reviews) tongue on bland fried foods is authentic Mexican.\n\nThere were some people hootin' it up in the bar. I guess if you like Big Gulp-sized margaritas, this place might be cool. Doubt I'll return.  The BF liked it though, so who knows. Maybe it was just an off night for me.  The desserts did look amazing so maybe some other time we'll check it out for sweets."""""""
Bottom line, the service is the worst I've experienced in Casa Grande!  We've been there several times since the opening approximately 3 years ago and have been disappointed everytime.  Our feeling was, it can only improve right?  Wrong!  As of Friday evening have made the descision not to go back to this location.  Met friends and sat over 30 minutes with an empty drink glass,  not offered food, no chips were brought to the table until we asked, and had to ask if we could order an appetizer!!  What is wrong with this picture??  When you actually get the food, it is okay, can get better at the taco stand in the parking lot at Big Lots...  The only thing I can say good about this place is the aesthetics of the place and it appears to be clean.
Not as nice as I was expecting... Hotel was at low occupancy and we got a room overlooking a parking lot.  The waterslide pool during the day was nice and not too crowded.    The rooms are sizable and the beds comfortable.The family pool at night was loud and crowded.  Internet was for one computer only... Nickel and dimed.. Even cost $ for the Gym.  Sad when a family goes to have a well deserved break at a place they imagine to be relaxing and it's just more stressful at the end of the day.
In Short...Decent Atmosphere, Average overall food Quality...WAAYYY Too Expensive.\n\nFor a place famous for it's steaks and ribs I was sorely disappointed. I was with a group of about 7 people. The Big Hamburger that was ordered medium by one person in my party came well done and dry as the desert. The initial helping of all you can eat beef ribs was pretty good...if a little too saucy...with the meat falling off the bone. but the additional helpings were AWFUL!!! TERRIBLY under cooked and had to order 2 additional helpings just to get 3 bites of edible meat...the second helping didn't even appear to have been cooked and I had to fight to get 3 bites off of EIGHT Ribs....Just Awful.\n\nThe Outback, Texas Roadhouse and Saltgrass Steakhouse are less expensive and provide much better fare. \n\nThe atmosphere is country western with a band that plays occasionally and virtually all the staff we dealt with were friendly and accommodating. If only the food was better I might have been abe to give this place 3 maybe even 4 stars, but it is a restaurant after all...so good food should be the focus
"""I'm a regular customer at Cherry Blossom since they first opened back in 2004. I love their udon, ramen, soba - obviously they're doing something right with the food as it keeps me coming back.\n\nBUT my God the service has gone downhill.  We were there for the lunch rush and there were only 3 waitresses to the whole place.  Maybe someone was sick - I'll give them that much. We were able to get a table right away and waited about 10 minutes before a waitress came to take our order. We told her our drink and lunch order and that we'd like the check right away as we had another appointment to make.  The food came quickly but the check did not.  Nor did refills or the usual question of \How's your meal?\"""".  Other patrons had to flag for spoons, refills, etc while the head chef had to keep reminding the waitresses \""""Spoon! Spoon! Spoon!\"""" before they ran off with anything hot in a bowl (we were seated next to the kitchen).  While I felt sorry for them all, they certainly seemed to have their heads in the clouds.  Hell if my boss barked at me about something twice, I'd remember to do it for the rest of the day and my employment. Maybe they were all new - I'll try to give them that.\n\nThis experience left hubby and myself questioning whether to return.  I'll do it again but if it's bad then I'll just call in an order to go and forget their service.  Get it together guys!"""""""
The food here was decent, but nothing to write home about. The tortilla soup had a nice spicy kick. The ahi tuna appetizer was pretty good, I had that as my main dish. My fellow diners were also satisfied with their orders. The one dish I didn't think was very good was the green chili mac and cheese side. It tasted like velveeta instant mac & cheese with a little green chili added.  If I was only rating the food, this place would probably get 3 stars but I had some issues with the service and ambience.\n\nOur party was seated towards the back of the restaurant near a back door, which servers used to go in and out to get more chairs. This happened at least 3 times during our meal, which was an issue since the temp was down to about 50 degrees that night. The service was also not great, for example, we asked for more bread and it was never brought out. \n\nAll in all, decent food but nothing special.
Not the type of restaurant I was expecting.  Order and seat yourself style.\n\nPrices are low.  Taste is very bland - no spices, no seasoning.  VERY AMERICAN, no real Mexican flavor to it.  Boring!  Salsa bar is a great idea, but even that has no flavor.  The hot salsa was more of a mild flavor.\n\nCustomer service is amazing though! Never had to get up to fill up my drink, constantly asking you if you need anything too.\n\nI probably wouldn't come here again, although I am glad I tried it, I would prefer to go somewhere with a little more flavor.
"""The saying, \Don't go away mad, just go away\"""" comes to mind. Having dined here several times I concluded it wouldn't even be worth a complaint to mgmt. Regulars at this location seem just too blissfully ignorant.\n\nHints: P.F Changs food is supposed to taste good. It's a chain that attracts people who know how to appear in public, don't wish they were at the beer garden instead, and have already learned how to feed infants in public. Tipping them upside down and shoving a bottle in the mouth while they squirm makes you look retarded.\n\nIf the thought of any of the above interests you, go for it."""""""
I have been to Alice Cooperstown MANY times over the years but it was the most recent experience that made me think back to all those times and wonder why it is I keep coming back? \n\nThe food is bland. I don't know how much simplier I can be. The Big Unit--Bland. The Ryne Sandburger--Bland. French Fries---DOUBLE bland. Onion Rings---Bland. The BBQ dipping dauce for the onion rings--BLAND. There is absolutely NO FLAVOR to this food! Thank God for ketchup and mustard cuz otherwise it would have been your basic hosptial food. And every other time I've gone here, it's been bland bland bland food. Nothing pops at this restaurant when it comes to the food. And the drinks...blah at best. I once ordered a Waborita and had to send it back three because it was so watered down. You'd have to spend a lot of money to get a buzz on at this place because the drinks are very watered down. The beers are crisp and fresh, but the drinks..not so much. \n\nNow if you are looking for ATMOSPHERE, Cooperstown is your place.  The staff all have the Alice Cooper-esque eye-liner which is cool. There is Alice memoribilia covering every inch of every wall in the place. And of course all good theme restaurants have a gift shop.  They have great live bands that come out to play and when there is no band, they have great piped in music too.  \n\nCooperstown is a novel place to take out-of-town guests before a game, but if it's just you and your family, you won't feel empty if you skip it.  It's just too much money to spend on very bland, uneventful food.
So, I take my daughter to the MMR Aquatic Center for her final paperwork to become Scottsdales Next Greatest Public Pool Lifeguard and I arrive with barely enough gas to go another mile.\n\nFortunately, this shell is right around the corner.  Unfortunately, the premium gasoline is uber-expensive at $4.39 per gallon.  I have no choice, so I just put in a few gallons - not that I couldn't fill it, but I couldn't get past this price knowing also that Royal Dutch Shell is reporting greater profits than ever before.\n\napart from that, the station is big, open, plenty of pumps and easy to get to and as with most, offers a convenience store so I can go inside and get a bottle of tea to sooth my frustration.\n\nReally?  I better stop before I start ranting about gas prices.  I don't live in this neighborhood, but if I did, I'd be going to Costco for my gas.   just sayin.
Ehhh. Food was okay. None of us were really impressed with our meal. It was overpriced for what it was. The atmosphere was trendy, but it didn't make up for the fact that my sandwich tasted like crap. The drinks are expensive. My sangria tasted like a newbie attempted to make it. Ugh. This place is LOUD. Good luck having a conversation at a normal level. At least we looked cool sitting in the booth...but we won't be going back.
Tried this place tonight,   I had the fried flounder, originally ordered tilapia but after  placing the order was told they were out. The teenager  working there, was extremely shy, and  difficult to hear what he was saying. My dining compadre had the chicken inasal. The fish was fried perfectly but very small, no side veggies.  The chicken was simply grilled,  but too pink for me.  Never was checked on again by waiter, not offered more tea, or coke. Had to flag him down to get a splenda. It was not busy in there and food took 35 mins to get out then had to flag him down again to get the check.  No excuse to ignore patrons.
We have mostly had good experiences here but last night was so awful so here's my review. \n\nTwo $7 margaritas and I walked out completely sober. (Tried two different ones even!)\n\nThe waitress, Amber, tried to explain to me some frat bullshit she was told about having a drink that was cold, sweet, and sour and how you therefore don't taste the alcohol. I am usually toast after a half of one of the Top Shelf margaritas...and no joke, I could have passed any field sobriety test.\n\nShe was an awful waitress to begin with - although not intentionally - she just seemed to be way over her head and have some sort of short term memory problem.\n\nShe did however do what she could to make sure we left barely happy - but still charging me for $7 margaritas that I disliked was crap.\n\nWe are done with that place and that will be absolutely the last time we go back.
Come on?  Really?  Just because Oprah thinks there great, does not make them so!  Mine are better and they come out of a box and you don't have to wait in line for an hour! \n\nI visited Cupcakes at there Beverly Hills store and thought they were ok - but nothing to write home about - in fact, they weren't moist enough!\n\nWhen I saw the one that opened near Fashion Square all that came to mind was really?  Why?  And how the hell can there pay the rent selling cupcakes!?!  Hey, I am not hatin' just asking!
$25 per checked bag and lukewarm bottled filtered tap water from Vegas to Phoenix?  If my company hadn't flown and paid for me, I'd have been very displeased. I understand it's an hour long flight, but even Southwest serves snacks and beverages on flights that long (and your first TWO bags are FREE).  Very unimpressive experience.  Boarding and stowing would be so much less an issue if you didn't charge for EVERY bag.  People might check theirs.  The only thing that got this two stars instead of one, was that we didn't fall out of the sky and I will hand it to the pilot on the return flight, as we flew through a gusty wind storm and though very choppy, he landed us very well.
This is the second time I have been to this new Jimmy John's location.  I thought the first time I went there maybe they were still new and that's why my beach club was missing sprouts...not the case.  Today I ordered a beach club -unwich (hold the bread) and again no sprouts, or really much of anything.. so glad I paid $7.00 for lettuce a slice of turkey and tomatoes...my receipt says beach club...which according to the menu (and every other Jimmy John's I've been to) includes: turkey, cheese,avocado spread, sliced cucumbers, sprouts, lettuce, tomato and mayo.. eh, look at the picture and tell me what you see.  On top of that.. it was definitely not fast and no one was freakin'..more like we were all waiting around wondering when we were gonna get our overpriced, not as advertised sandwich.
"""OK, the restaurant experience is only as good as its weakest link. This lovely little place has great food. However there are two big issues. First, the service has to be good. We got caught in the shift change. Our 1st waiter was fine but our second waitress seemed to care less we were there. Second issue, $2.75 for an ice tea (brewed), and $2 for a refill, give me a break. As sort of icing on the cake, the waitress (yes, the one that didn't really care we were there) simply brought us our check when we finished lunch. We asked her, \hey don't you guys have pastries here?\"""" Never had to ask for desert at a pastry place. \n\nAll in all a nice place to eat but they need to focus on getting the little things right to earn those five stars."""""""
3 hrs for a SmartCar oil change?! Outrageous. I even had to cancel the complimentary car wash I waited so long.\n\nAnd don't expect to get good AT&T or Verizon service in the wait area.\n\nThe SA was very nice, but came out 3 different times to upsell what totaled $1700 in repairs (for a $9000 vehicle!). Very nice customer service and waiting area, but its tough to give more than 2 stars when a simple oil change took more than twice as long as the 1 1/2 hrs they told me to expect.
I used to frequent this place when it was Long Wong's.  The food wasn't good back then but it was open 24/7 and always available.\n\nSince the change in ownership, I have been repeatedly disappointed.  The size of the menu has gone down drastically (which is understandable, Long Wong's menu was way too big).  They only serve slices of pizza at certain times of the day now (noonish until 3pm supposedly I think? and again some time in the evening) and you never know if they will actually have slices.  I understand that maybe they don't sell that many slices in the off hours, but I would gladly take a slice of pizza that was an hour or two old over none at all.  Not to mention even at 3pm it is not uncommon to get a pretty old slice anyways.\n\nThe burgers are so-so.  Better than McDonald's, but just really not that good.\n\nI've only had the cheesesteak once, and boy was it a disaster.  I bit into it and what must have been a full cup of liquid poured out of it.  I'm not sure how this was possible, but it was almost like it was sabotaged.  I'm sure this was a one-off problem and that they are not normally like that, but I was horrified and have not tried another.\n\nThe owner is eager and you can tell he is really trying to make the business work.  However, the staff he hires can be very rude sometimes.  I've heard some snotty tones of voice saying they had no slices when I've tried to order a slice of pizza during the off hours and have been refused a simple refill of my soda when my order took far longer than expected.  That said, I have not been there in a few months so this may have changed.
Wow, this place just sucks. What is with all of the old people here? You weren't hip three decades ago, and it's likely the same story now. And why all of the dudes? It's like 1 ugly chick for every 3 guys. And why would you take a limo here? Who the hell are you trying to impress? I noticed a few 40-year old women trying to act half their age. How tragic and pathetic. Sapporo is just a freaking mess. Avoid.
Bueller, Ferris, where's the flavor.  Absent.  I had an expiring groupon for Fatburger and decided to get a to go order for work lunch.  Staff service is ok, but they had the order set up for to eat there. No biggy.   We got our order quickly and had ordered the medium fat burger.  I got the onion rings and my co-worker got the fries.  I could not taste any flavor from the burger, and the bacon had that crispy leaning on the side of burned taste.   The onion rings tasted like the onions were fresh, but still the taste was lacking.   Fatburger, I'll pass.  This place is one where I will keep driving past and not stop again.
I was prepared to love Hula's upon my first visit on a Wednesday evening.  We decided to have happy-hour appetizers as our meal and some Zombie's.  The drinks were great, however we weren't thrilled with the appetizers. \n\nWe had the sweet potato fries. They were under cooked, not good at all, and not even comparable to Fez's.  We barely touched them.\n\nWe had the Shrimp Rolls and the Fish Cakes.  The shrimp rolls were fair, a little greasy though.  The fish cakes were tough and tasteless.  They could have been silly putty cakes for all  I knew. \n\nWe also had the pulled pork tacos. They were fair, although they were served cold. \n\nMaybe it was an off night. I see so many positive reviews that I'll give it another try.
We had been waiting to go here for a very long time.  I had heard such great things and since Binkley's had consistently made lists for best dining experience, I was eagerly awaiting the day I'd dine here.  To celebrate our 9 year dating anniversary, my (now) husband surprised me (well as much as he could, since it takes a good 45 minutes to drive there) by taking me here.  \n\nWe arrived and it was a nice night, so we thought we'd sit outside on the patio (which isn't the best choice it turns out, since its fairly close to the road, and you can hear/smell the cars driving by).  The menus had our names and happy anniversary which was a nice touch.  \n\nService: Our waiter seemed nervous or unsure of himself.  He faltered on the ingredients and some of the items throughout the night.  We would also have to ask to have our water to be refilled and wait some time before it actually happened.  There were lots of other staff that would bring out other dishes, but they weren't very friendly and would often not actually interact.  Mostly just bring the dish and describe without a smile and leave. \n\nFood: We decided that my husband would order an ala carte dish and I would go with the tasting menu to get the full effect.  The amuse bouche were interesting, but I wouldn't say that I was all too impressed.  They were not particularly tasty bites.  For the ala carte, my husband ordered the veal, and we were quite disappointed.  The meat was tough and quite bland.  The side dish of white beans that came with it was delicious though.   For the tasting menu, I understand that portions are smaller (and I don't eat large portions), but they were ridiculously small.  I ordered a ceviche or the cold appetizer, soft shell crab for the hot, rib eye for the meat and halibut for the fish.  The rib eye was super thin, and almost like beef jerky.  Although the flavoring was decent, it was so small and tough that it was a bit hard to eat.  I was just not super impressed and borderline disappointed by everything.\n\nI would like to say I want to come back, and I'm not sure if Binkley's just had an off day, but we were very disappointed by our experience, especially since we had such high hopes.
Armadillo grill is usually a place my\nCoworkers and I like to out out together after work. The spinach dip is great and the servers are nice. Recently, I tried joining them at the bar and had the worst experience, I will not be going back. The bartender was very rude to me and after six times of asking for a menu I had to flag down a server to get any help. It took 2 hours to get an order of wings and I was very unhappy with the service. Armadillo is great if you go during happy our and sit at a table, but I would never recommend going to the bar.
"""This is actually the first time I have ever been to a Waffle House. My husband's cousin talks about going here all the time, so I had to check it out.\n\nOur server was friendly and she even was able to incorporate the phrase \ sausage fest \"""" into our brief conversations. In other instances this would have annoyed me because of how inappropriate it was in this setting, but while staring at her huge pregnant belly, I could do nothing but laugh.\n\nThe food was not good. The sausage gravy was way too salty, eggs were way under-cooked, waffles were average, coffee was alright ( served in a lipstick stained mug the first go around ), sausage and bacon were below average, hash browns were limp, mushy, and flavorless.\n\nI would only return to a Waffle House if this was my ONLY option."""""""
I don't write many yelp reviews but I thought that I would do one on Prado because it has changed a lot since my last visit and people might not know. \n\nI've been here 2 -3 times now with my girlfriend and others.  However, the first two times were about a year ago when the restaurant had more of a spanish theme. \n\nWe went this past week (11/19/10) and were disappointed with the new italian menu. \n\nThe menu differed greatly from the one posted online, and also the one posted near the front door. Our guest was very disappointed because he had picked out what he wanted to eat while having a drink at the bar before dinner, and none of his selections were on the dinner menu once we sat down. \n\nI ordered a calamari appetizer that was an interesting idea but did not taste very good (not traditional fried calamari). It tasted very earthy, slightly like dirt.\n\nI had a crab pasta entree that was good but not memorable. My girlfriend ordered a whole (roasted?, cant remember) Branzino with gnocci. The gnocci were good, but the fish was overcooked and dry.\n\nMost importantly, the new menu no longer carries the amazing churros that Prado used to serve for dessert. Sometimes we went there just for churros. The new menu features desserts from the Julia Baker chocolate shop next door, which we also visited after dinner. The shop is cute and the chocolates are great, but the churros are sorely missed.  We also had some awesome paella from the old menu that was much better than anything we ordered off the new menu. \n\nOverall, our tourist guest was disappointed and I am going to remove Prado from our lineup.  There are many other comparable choices in the area that I prefer.  Among others, T Cook's and Lon's at the Hermosa offer the same fancy resort feel, and have better food in my opinion, now that Prado's menu has changed.
"""The problem with Nordstroms is you spend $$ for a nice shirt/pant/jeans and see 18 other people wearing the exact same thing in a span over the next 14 days. I prefer spending my money at places where things aren't mass \over\""""produced and expensive. For quality of the product to price, I would say Nordstroms is extremely poor.\n\nIf you think Nordstroms men's or woman's shoe selection is the largest ever...than you surely haven't been to LA, San Francisco, Miami, NYC or Chicago. \n\nBy the way, why are 1/2 the women shoes made of patent leather? I guess if you're a stripper, it's right up your alley."""""""
"""Well, damn.\n\nUntil tonight, all of our experiences at Red Robin had been positive. Even at this location, our past meals had been enjoyable.\n\nTonight, though...tonight left a sour taste in my mouth. That's not to say that the food was bad...it was actually pretty good. But the service was atrocious.\n\nWe thought it was our lucky day when we walked right in on a Saturday night and sat right down at 7:00. We ordered our appetizer and drinks. The waiter, Cameron, came back and took our order a few moments later.\n\nOur appetizer came out in record time! We had hardly taken a few bites of our hummus plate, and then our food came out! Like I said...the food was good.\n\nSo, where was the horrible service? The food was there fast, hot, and it was good. What could have bothered me so much?\n\nWell, I don't think the waiter said more than a dozen words to us. It seemed like he was late for something very important, and we were his last obstacle to overcome before he was able to free himself from the self-imposed bonds of servitude to Red Robin.\n\nCustomarily, the waiter comes around after the food arrives and asks how things tasted. This guy didn't show up until our food was gone, our drinks were gone, and we were ready for the check and couple of to-go boxes.\n\nHe begrudgingly gave me a refill on my drink before he dropped off the check. Now, granted, we don't ever get desert in a restaurant...but this guy didn't even give us the satisfaction of turning down his delicious sounding proposal.\n\nThe whole process felt like we were imposing on this kid. We were in and out of the restaurant in less than 30 minutes.  This guy robbed us of the entire restaurant experience.\n\nIf you can't enjoy the experience, then why go?\n\nIt will definitely be a while (if ever) before I visit this location again. But I can promise that I'll avoid this kid like the plague if he's still \working against his will\"""" at this location."""""""
"""Based on the reviews on Yelp, I was quite excited to see this new tea shop in PHX.  My visit was less than thrilling, however.  I must pretense my review with the fact that I'm a purist, a little bit of a snob and opinionated.  I can appreciate tea blends - I make certain ones myself.  They serve a place and a purpose.  That said, I expect to be able to buy pure loose tea leaves at a place specializing in tea.  In fact, you'd think that's the main focus of a tea shop, but here it seems blends and spices are what keeps things together.\n\nThey have lots of \teas\"""" and accessories.  Maybe blends and masking tastes is what the public wants - I have no idea.  I do know that I'd think even a medium shelf, quality estate leaf would be available (or rather, the focus) at a tea shop.  I know you've seen shops like Adagio - you have their products.  When I heard this place opened, I thought it could be the first and only in PHX to really hit the nail on the head.  C4 still remains the place to go in a pinch; at least there I can get something called \""""darjeeling\"""" (even if that's almost as vague as calling it \""""Chinese black tea\"""")."""""""
I haven't actually been inside Luci's, but we had lunch brought in to our office from here so I have had the food.  To start with, I wasn't very impressed by the menu, it was really small, and not very exciting to say the least.  I ended up just getting the tomato soup because it was a cold day and I figured it would warm me up.  Well the soup started out good, it was like a creamy tomato, but after a few more bites I just couldn't handle it anymore....there was way too much pepper....it made it almost inedible!  If they had backed off on the pepper it would have been good, but it was too overwhelming.\n\nAlso, they messed up quite a few of our orders, making for some unhappy people.  I think we all decided that we wouldn't be ordering from them again, and I will probably never see the inside because of our experience.
I like their food & drinks and they have some good deals. I've never had good luck with the service at this location though. I had a big birthday dinner here a couple years ago and they insisted that doing call-ahead seating would ensure that our party of 15 wouldn't have to wait. This sounded too good to be true for call ahead seating so I called back and talked to someone else who also insisted that doing call-ahead seating would ensure that our party of 15 wouldn't have to wait. We did call-ahead seating, we got there, we waited for an hour, and we finally split up and sat at opposite corners of the restaurant for dinner. If they hadn't been so insistent that everything would work out great and that we could sit together and wouldn't have to wait, we definitely would have gone someplace that takes reservations! RA in Scottsdale is only good for groups if you & your friends are up for doing sake bombs in the bar for 2 hours while you wait for your table. ;)
"""Ok, I am a big breakfast fan, trust me.  I have not had a good experience at this place.  First of all, when you drive down Scottsdale Road, you can see the lines forming outside and you would think that the Rolling Stones were in concert inside performing!!  Well, when I certainly can't get no satisfaction when it came to the food.  First of all, the service was a little frantic.  There were a ton of annoying \I think I am cool\"""" people who were obviously hungover from \""""clubbing\"""" in the Scottsdale scene the night before and all wearing sunglasses and tried to look like Paris Hilton and Nick Lashay.  Oh,  well.  As for the food, I ordered the huevos rancheros.  My friend told me that it looked like somebody vomited in a large tortilla!!  I had to agree, he was right.  The eggs were undercooked and the whites were very runny!  I was DISGUSTED!!  My friend ordered a pancake and that looked ok.  Don't order the orange juice here, they will charge you and ARM & A LEG!  So, bottom line...if you like long lines and enjoy watching the Scottsdale party girls and guys nurse their hangovers as they text and show off their sunglasses and then eat, this is the place for you.  If you want a good ol' fashion American breakfast, this place may not be for you.  Go to Denny's instead!  :)"""""""
What can i say about Hanny's? Nice location, love the fact that is in the heart of downtown phoenix. The decor is very minimalist, at the point that is almost intimidating. The place was empty on a Sunday night witch it made the space looks even bigger.\n\nWe went with a group of nine and ordered a little of everything, asked a few question to the server which didn't know much about the menu, he had to go back to the kitchen for every question, just basic question.\n\nWhen the food arrived and after a few bites me and all the others arrived to the conclusion that Hanny's might be better for drinks, the pizza , if you can call it pizza, is more like a flat bread with very little flavor and with cheap topping, the salads were really small and again with cheap ingredients.\n\nOverall is an ok place to have a drink with friends after a dinner some place else.
I was in the area for a conference so I got the opportunity to spend my per diem money on their all you can eat sushi.  Unfortunately, I was very disappointed.  So disappointed that I just couldn't keep eating it anymore for the sake of being full.  I actually went somewhere else, because I was still hungry, and got a sandwich.  \n\nThe reasons why I didn't enjoy my meal:\n\n1.  Rice was super mushy.  Eventually, every sushi they served me had medicre rice, which totally ruined the whole meal.  \n2.  They put so much rice in their sushi so that AYCE diners will get full sooner.   I actually had to tell the sushi chef to kick back on the rice.\n3.  The fish was not as fresh as I am used to in Southern California.  One of the servers told me that this was a common complaint by non-local diners. \n\nNeedless to say, I didn't go back here during my remaining 3 days.  I actually preferred the Japanese mall food court restaurant over this.  Don't get me wrong, I'm a big fan of Benihana...but this one failed me.
"""Like many other reviewers, we tried Padre's because of a Groupon. \n\nWait staff was competent, and our drinks stayed mostly full.\n\nWe had the calamari as an appetizer: very overpriced at $10.95, I liked the flavor (its got a little chili mixed in with the breading). I like one of the three dipping sauces, and my wife liked a different one. When the waitress asked if we liked it, my wife indicated it was greasy and chewy. She apologized, but not really convincingly.\n\nFor entrees, I had the garlic shrimp tacos and my wife had the \Tia's Enchiladas\"""" with spinach and cheese. My tacos were 3 small tacos with a decent amount of shrimp, cilantro, lettuce, and a pineapple salsa. They weren't bad, but were not very garlicy. My wife's enchiladas were good, nothing special. The ever-present sides of refried beans were typical of the variety, and the rice was well done with good flavor. Contrary to some other reviews, I would have called the plate sizes ordinary and not \""""huge\"""".\n\nFor desert, my wife and I were going to split the banana epanadas with brandy caramel, but asked for it to be served without the brandy, as my wife has a severe alcohol allergy. The server checked with the manager and said they could do it, but that the caramel would lose a lot of its flavor without the brandy, and said it all burned off in the cooking. Well, from experience, my wife and I know it isn't true (see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_common_misconceptions#Food_and_cooking), so we asked for it anyway.\n\nThen the server went to place the order and the cooks said the brandy was pre-mixed with the caramel. We cancelled the desert order. It was a bit frustrating that the manager didn't know how the dishes were prepped in the kitchen.\n \nOverall, it was typical mexican food with a \""""modern\"""" take (apparently if you put pineapple salsa on shrimp tacos and a fancy swirl of sauce on the enchiladas its \""""modern\"""") -- personally, there are much better Mexican restaurants in town."""""""
ON A SHOE STRING ?\nThis place has a really nice tap beer selection. In the first months after they opened I went back 7 or 8 times until I had tried most all of them. \n\nI tried three or four different menu items. The food was OK. Wife loved the crab cakes. \n\nService was always very friendly but they frequently seem to be operating with a skeleton crew. Like the same person is the hostess slash bartender slash waitress slash cook slash dishwasher. I usually just stopped in to try a different beer so when the server dissapeared for long stretches of time it wasn't that big a deal. \n\nThe atmosphere is a little off.  They have this great tap selection paired with a tiny 4 stool bar in a really big pub. Odd set up.  In another area their are some high tables right next to the main eating area which are booths. So you could be trying to eat a nice quiet restaurant style lunch just feet away from jukebox blasting, beer swilling, pool shooting hooligans. There is just something not right about the floor plan.  It is like they ran out of money before they could remodel the inside to fit the business.\n\nI still visit every so often because they change up their draft beer selection. Unfortunately because of the atmosphere and staffing quirks it is not a place I can throw an extra star or two.
To put this review in context, I was looking for a meal in the same vein as Ruth's Chris's or Morton's steakhouse.  Having eaten at Houston's (in Houston), I thought this would be a great place to get a steak.  I was probably shooting a little high.  Service was good, but there were issues with the food.  First off they ran out of baked potatoes, not a big deal but perhaps a little foreshadowing?  The Steak came out with no red in the center, probably a solid medium.  The redone steak came out a little more pink (not red), but still did not have the deep, meaty flavor I was craving.  The Fish sandwich we ordered was good, as were the cole slaw and broccoli sides.  In other words, I would come back here for lunch (the fish sandwich), but not the steak.  I can't comment on the sushi, maybe this is what they are concentrating on.  I would not avoid this place, but it certainly isn't worth going out of my way to visit.
I know this place is a Phoenix institution.  And it is quite nice inside compared to many Chinese restaurants.  I was invited to lunch here by a colleague who had dined here many times in the past.\n\nI felt the lunch menu was perhaps a bit overpriced, given the quantity and quality of food.\n\ni ordered the kung pao shrimp ($8.25), which was a spicy dish, but ordered it HOT.  It came so mild I might as well have ordered shrimp in lobster sauce, with some peanuts thrown in.   There were about 10 peanuts, a 1/2 cup of sauteed green onions, and about 4 medium sized shrimp, to go with fried rice that had nothing in it and an egg roll the size of my thumb.  It WAS nice it came with hot tea.\n\nWas it outrageously priced?  Absolutely not.  Would I eat here again if someone invited me?  Of course.  But if it's my choice, there are much better Chinese restaurants to be found.
I love Safeway.  LOVELOVELOVE Safeway.  Affordable blood orange Italian soda and Burt's Bees chapstick in the same place?  I'm in!\n\nAt this location, there's always something wrong at the deli.  ALWAYS.  Sometimes you just want a sandwich, hassle free.  That isn't going to happen here.  Still, the food is good when you can get it and using a Safeway card to get the occasional free sandwich is awesome in my book.\n\nThey're always out of blood orange Italian soda.  Blueberry and pomegranate seem to be in every single time, but not once have I seen blood orange on the shelf.  I think the label is up for decoration.\n\nI've been accosted by a Channel 12 reporter in the parking lot with a large, fuzzy microphone who refused to be blown off and shoved it inside my car window so I couldn't even back out on him.  I've decided to blame Safeway for this transgression since I'm already harboring a deep hatred.\n\nThey're always out of everything I'm looking after.  I don't know how this is possible, but they've found a way.\n\nThere's a ridiculous Starbucks kiosk.  This makes two Starbucks in the same parking lot, three within less than a mile.\n\nThe stucco is literally peeling off of the building.\n\nYou know the Soviet Safeway in Washington DC?  This Safeway makes its east coast counterpart look good.\n\nAll I ever want is a sandwich and Italian soda, but somehow they always make sure something stands in my way.  Seriously, guys?
"""I was craving pizza. I wanted to try somewhere local and found this place across the street from hotel. I ordered to go, and the host was bubbly and cute. I didnt know what I wanted so I decided to try the \recommended\"""" pizza skins and the numero uno deep dish. \n\nThe skins came the size of a peresonal pizza and had the deep dish crust, looking like a pizza, but it was filled with mashed potatoes and topped with bacon bits. I do not recommend. It was too starchy, and not enough flavor. I only had one piece. \n\nThe pizza was good. It was basically a combination and the personal pizza was huge. The crust became a bit much after a few pieces, but the filling was great. I think the restaurant has better options, but rating purely on food I was not impressed.  \n\nIf I were ever to go back, id keep it simple... a pepperoni thin crust."""""""
I love the emporium of beauty products that is Ulta, but the customer service is h-o-r-r-e-n-d-o-u-s! And I don't think that's exclusive to this location, either. How hard is it to at least pretend you enjoy your job? \n\nThis last year, the only person I can recall ever being greeted by / assisted by in this store was Heidi. She helped me find a Bare Escentuals eye brightener I was looking for. She even went as far to show me how to apply it (without me asking), and . . . *gasp* appeared ENTHUSED about her job! \n\nI don't think I would waste my time coming into this store if they didn't carry Bare Minerals products. Plus, it's on my drive home from work, so it's a matter of convenience really.
So I had a 50 dollar coupon from local dines---wanted to take my husband there for his birthday in May but because of difficult schedules decided to go this week if available---Usually go once a year for the last 12 years and was looking forward to it.  Cocktails, hubby asks to try the merlot and the pinot--waiter says you don't have to try---the pinot is awesome, we say ok--he brings the pinot---it is awful!!  Send it back and get the other wine which is just ok.  Ordered the scallops , 3, for $18 dollars, and they split it for us--good but 3 scallops for 18, think you are starting to get my gest, ordered the beet salad for $13, split  good, split the Halibut for $36---fish in a sauce with vegetables,bread was good, then split the dessert for 9 dollars.  I started out ordering a Grey Goose Martini up---small martini--must have cost at least $13---asked for blue cheese stuffed olives---the waiter said they did not receive a shipment of them today---I always found that restaurants of this calibur stuffed their own---so they brought me a small martini with small unstuffed green olives, no pimentos even---The food was ok---surprised to see the younger female generation walking in with short jean shorts---so our total was $120 without tip, they of course forgot to subtract the $50 dollar coupon  which they did correct.  When waiting for our car before entering, we heard the valet tell another customer that Vincent was not there that night and it was not good when he's not there---should have left then--food was a B-B+-we split glad we did---disappointed in all and will we go back---not for a long, long time.  Hope Vincent reads this---there is work to be done here!!
A PERFECT marriage between Party On & Bottom Of the Barrel.  First experience here reminded me of what happens to us all after a few too many to drink.  A friend wanted to show me out and suggested this location to end the night after 2a.m. Lets just say the cab didn't get far before I got back in.  It was a mix of 'clicks' still dancing the night away surrounded by the hopefuls and out of shape-late 40 something's preparing to pounce at the first sight of a wounded gazelle.  Looks like I better try this place out once more under different circumstances as the previous reviews show it may have  potential.
I have observed little to no reviews. Could be folks have given up. I agree with the little sample cups, it shows to me the employees are not real happy about coming from behind the counter. Just last month we lost our rewards program to a electronic book that you need to enter your phone number for as many yogurts you have purchased. They count on you not spending the time to do that. They need an IT guy to fix that. Product is great, service is not.
Damn you Yelpers you steered me wrong!!  I agreed to go to this place only after reading all of these glorious reviews on Yelp, only to be in for a rude awakening upon my arrival.  \n\nI hate to be the bearer of bad news, but the phrase you get what you pay for has never rang more true for me.\n\nI love Middle Eastern food, like seriously, no joke.  So how excited was I to try a new Middle Eastern restaurant not too far from my office with ridiculously low prices?? You can probably figure it out from there.\n\nThe meal started out okay.  I got a pretty darn big piece of Spanakopita for $1.95, which excited me.  It was decent, not very flavorful to be honest but for $1.95 I'll eat them all day long. My boss ordered a side of hummus to start, and his story was pretty much the same.\n\nWe then both ordered the Chicken Kabob sandwich for a whopping $3.99 and I was stoked. Until it arrived that is.\n\nI took one bite and could tell right away that something was not right, with the chicken I mean.  After I taste a funky piece of meat, that's it. I will not be taking another bite. It just won't happen.\n\nI did however perform a little surgery on one piece on a side plate to discover that as I suspected, the inside was pink, as in NOT FULLY COOKED.  It took a bit out of me to not get sick right there at the table.\n\nI was hungry though so I tried to eat around the chicken, only to discover that this was the dryest chicken kabob sandwich I had ever had.  I probably should've figured that out by watching my boss douse his with the entire appetizer of hummus to add some flavor, but what can I say, I like to figure some things out on my own.\n\nAll in all my meal ending up costing less than $6, which was sweet, except for the fact that I didn't really eat anything.\n\nOh, and I should probably mention that we got back to the office and my boss didn't stop bitching all afternoon about how badly his stomach hurt. I believe that's called salmonella : )\n\nAnyways, I'm a bit surprised that I had such a lousy experience with so many great reviews before me.  Maybe it was an off day, maybe all the reviewers before me were blinded by the price, regardless, I won't be back to find out.
This place was just okay for me. As a vegan, there were hardly any options for me and what I did get definitely left something to be desired. I also spent way more money than I expected to ($2.50 to add a tiny glob of guac? Really?).\n\nI did love the salsas, though, and the hot sauce is very tasty. I would go back and just munch on the chips and dips that they bring you, but I wouldn't order anything off the menu. I've had better Mexican food for cheaper.
Nick's has been a pretty popular gathering place for a group of my friends. I have had their pizzas, calzones,  and chicken parmesan. Those dishes have been pretty good. \n\nLast night I wanted to try something new, so I tried the baked ziti with meatballs. I don't recommend it. The issue was that it was overcooked. The ziti was rubbery and the dish was dry. The ends of the ziti were hard and crunchy. The best thing about the dish was the meatballs. \n\nEven though my food was not up to par, the service was exceptionally good.
"""Planned to stay for a relaxing labor day weekend.  Purchased tickets on their own website and selected the room with a golf course view for $10 extra than the regular price.  It appeared to be a good deal since the reviews on Tripadvisor gave the resort a 4.5 (out of 5) star rating for customer reviews.  Along with the resort rating of being a 4star facility, we thought we should be fine.\n\nUnfortunately, we did not stay longer than an hour!  \n\nThe hotel itself had character with an old southwestern decor.  The approach to the property was welcoming with  spectacular landscaping.  Customer service was good with friendly and courteous staff (mostly from the valet and door guys), although the front desk staff were pleasant and not directly rude!\n\nWe were given our room and went to start our relaxing weekend only to find the room we had did not have a golf course view (well... it would have if there were not two huge trees in front of the window!)  The room was small but nicely decorated.  My hubby (affected by allergies, hay fever etc) began sneezing almost immediately on entering the room, which was due to the dust layer on window shutters, phone, table, tv stand and headboard - dusty as though the room had not been used for a few weeks!  We called the front desk to ask if we might be able to move rooms -  the person on the phone said \Let me see what we can do\"""" and then the phone went dead.  We waited for about 5 minutes to see if he would call back but nothing!  Strange... we assumed he put the phone down by accident and didn't make a note of our room!  So we called back again and spoke to a lady who said \""""OK give me a moment to see what we have and i will call you back\"""".  This time we waited about 10 minutes but no call back.  Obviously, my hubby could not stay in the room during the this time and we were simply waiting in the area of the room in case a manager came to see what our problem was.  We ended up going back to the reception and spoke to yet another person.  I explained we had spoken to two other people but that comment was ignored and none of the other staff identified that I had spoken to them even though they all could hear me!  The young lady said she would look to see if there was another available room, after a while she offered a casita but noted it was 50ft smaller than the room we were in - I asked if she meant 50sq ft and she said \""""no, 50 feet\""""!!!!  Anyway, before I digress on such a minor point, my husband asked if it was possible we could have a refund.  She said \""""yes no problem\"""" without a fuss - I believe this was only because we had booked directly on their site, not using Priceline or other such service (which we use a lot ourselves and have had great service through).  We left and booked into the JW Marriott Desert Ridge (paid more but had a stress free, clean, pleasant and relaxing weekend).  Both these are rated 4star but in our well traveled experience, the Scottsdale Resort should be rated 2.5 or 3 star.   \n\nWe agree with the resort fees being a rip off - just like the airline charging baggage fees.... put it in the overall cost and don't tell us about it, unless we ask for a breakdown.  Adding it on after you arrive is a real turn off!"""""""
If you're looking for a healthy meal with tons of Gluten Free or Lactose Free options - Nourish is your place. I was dining with my friend Michelle who had come off of a massive pig-out stooper and was looking for a lighter, healthier dining experience. I ordered the eggplant Parmesan and it was good although maybe because I am pregnant I couldn't really get into it as much as Michelle was. She had the protein burger and enjoyed it as well. I will say the atmosphere isn't anything special and because of it's size it can be a bit noisy inside. It is tough to access the restaurant because it is located in the Optima in Scottsdale so parking is in the underground garage. The service is great and the friendly staff help make it a pleasant experience it just wasn't a place that I was head over heals for....
Went to ricos for lunch with a friend last week. The place was a ghost town. The food was ok. a bit over cooked for my taste. I have had better. I stay at the hilton alot and I have had way better dining experiences at Aunt Chilada's down the street. Don't get me wrong... The place is beautiful. I guess I'll have to try it again. Maybe try the fish tacos as someone else said they were good. I'm a die hard Chilada fan. What can I say.
"""I went to Los Sombreros last night and was pretty excited to check it out since I live close and have heard great things about it.\n\nOK...so we get there and there is no where to park..there is a lot behind the restaurant that I believe belongs to Pep Boys and has signs up saying you'll be towed if not a pep boys customer.....ugh...we took our chances since there was no where else to parking (we were thankfully not towed).\n\nIt was pretty crowded..but I was ok with that...especially since it was a Friday night. ...and then I got to meet the hostess.   Got up to her podium she looks straight at us and without saying anything like \excuse me for a minute\"""" she turns her back to us and has a 5 minute conversation with a someone working there (which I would have been understanding about had she acknowledged I was standing there at least.  When her conversation is done  she asks how many, we say 4 (2 friends were meeting us and were seconds away).  When we ask about an estimate in time for the wait she says she won't \""""worry about that\"""" until all of our party was here...I explained they were in the parking  lot..blah, blah....Her attitude was nasty and  giving me a poor first impression.\n\nRed Sangria was Mmmmm, Queso fundido with chorizo was WOW, sea food tacos were just ok, chips and salsa were just ok....and all of it was a little over-priced!\n\nMy fav thing about this place was the ambiance...big patio outside with some fire pits going...a man playing mexican tunes on a guitar...and warm colors throughout.....Still I really don't think I will be returning.."""""""
I felt like pizza so this was closest stop. Haven't been here in a really long time so decided to give it a whirl. The board outside said 2 slices and a coke for 4.50. Sign said seat yourself. Ordered a water to drink, was a toss up between a sandwich or pizza/wings. Decided to go with special. Server comes over I ordered she said the special is actually 4.95 not 4.50, well then change it. Anyways not a big deal, she didn't ask if I wanted a\nCoke I'm assuming because she seen my water. Food came out and it looked good. I was disappointed that the crust was too doughy and may have ruined the extra cheese experience. Meh...not rushing back..
Rock Bottom continues to earn it's name. I have been to this location on 5 separate occasions because my partner likes the beer varieties and the Pretzels. He has stopped telling me we are headed here because I will get them to change their mind before we arrive. After this last visit I told them that there are no more redeeming factors for me at this restaurant and I am not returning.\n\nChicken Oscar ~ belongs right in the trash with its muppet fur of shredded canned crab meat stuffed inside. Special of the night? It was a disaster and took forever to prepare. When I got it the chicken was dry and burnt all on the bottom. I could easily split the chicken open and see that the stuffing was a light smear of obvious canned shredded clam. The asparagus was hard and over buttered and the mashed potatoes were heavy and uninspired. It took so long and I couldn't get the waitstaff attention to bother returning it or thinking of more food to try. \nMy partner had a burger, it was nothing special. The good part of that meal were the kettle chips, really! They were awesome.\nWe enjoyed our pretzels very much.\nWe didn't stay for dessert, we've had problems with three of their desserts in the past and we weren't going to try them again.\nService and wait staff were slow and uninterested, it's July and it must suck to work there with it mostly empty, I know servers make crap, so I left a fair tip, but I'm done. \n\nIn this economic climate, either get good at what you do or go away. There are better places to eat. Tons of them.
I work in fine dining, and this place would have failed any shoppers report. \n\nThe server never introduced himself and was negligent in attention to us. \nThe food portions were so small I was very disappointed that they charged so much.\nManagement was scared and hesitant to check in on us and primary paced the restaurant dreading any social interaction. \n\nMy biggest concern and reason I am bothering to write this review is the PORTION SIZE. And perhaps it was just what we had ordered, but the Hamachi was barely more than two bites and the Dinosaur salad was just cheesy large kale pieces. \n\nDrinks were tasty. If ever I go back, it will be for their bar ONLY.
I just finished my BSIT degree.  I would not recommend U of P to anyone looking at learning something.  If you already have the experience and just need the degree like I did it is ok.  I still was frustrated spending $1200 a class for not learning anything.  The best classes I had were the general education classes.  My IT classes were poorly thought up and had horrible content.  One example is that a teacher was showing us the inside of a computer and didn't even know where the CMOS battery was.  I know I'm a geek for knowing where to non IT people but this is a major problem.  \n\nI have had a few friends go here as well and all have the same problems.  Many of the team learning assignments are challenging because the other group members are just looking to take up space and get your good grade.  You will fail based on your other members if you don't do their work.  So it's just a mess.\n\nI am glad to be able to have a degree though which is why they have 2 stars not 1.  Just do yourself a favor go to a real school get a real education and be happy.  :)
So I only give 2 stars because I don't think you should fancy up a burger.  I've had some really amazing burgers for cheap.  That being said, the burger was good.  The truffle fries were ok...a bit too oily.  Nothing out of this world but ok.  The location is convenient being in the mall and the atmosphere is nice.  One weird thing are the cows wallpapering the place.  I'd rather not see what I'm eating while I'm eating.  Kinda freaked me out.  \nSeems like a great place to grab a beer and watch a game on a Sunday.
After reading the reviews, we were excited to experience sushi nirvana. Didn't quite get there.  We started with the Deluxe Sashimi Platter.  Around $125, the presentation was gorgeous.  Chef's choice sashimi, it does include some of the harder to find specialities.  We also had the Grilled Pork Belly which had great flavor, but the amount of fat was too much to handle.  The crispy fried squid with chili and lime was flavorful.  Overall the flavor, atmosphere and service was good.  But that's just it.  It was merely good.  I can't complain about the taste or quality of the food, but I can't write home about it either.  I've been known to pay a lot for a meal.  This one was not worth it.
"""\Hot Mess\"""" \nI was expecting something along the lines of  an NYPD Pizza, since this is a local chain, but instead got a cool atmosphere and bad food.  The atmosphere just doesn't seem to fit the food and service vibe. It is also interesting to me that this location gets the lowest YELP score of the Humble Pies - hard to put your finger on it, but something just doesn't seem right.\n\nWe were super excited to have another spot coming to downtown phoenix, but won't be returning.\n\nIt's seat yourself when you walk in and the staff was not overly friendly at first. Once we were seated our 2nd day on the job waiter came over to take our orders.  He was friendly and got our girls some kids menus and crayons.  \n\nWe ordered 2 pizzas and  a bloody Mary. My husband got the Buffalo Chicken and said it was ok and I got the sausage which came with TONS of large onions.  I asked to have a new one since the menu didn't say anything about onions, he took it and then brought it back saying no,that just fennel...um no. But, whatever! So I just picked it off. The pizza was below average and our bill was $37 before tip for just the 2 pizzas and one drink - very over priced.\n\nOur waiter did say to the table just over from us, sorry about the wait - \""""It's a Hot Mess in here,or actually I am just a Hot Mess!\"""" Um Random!\n\nThey need to cleanup their act before this location closes"""""""
What the F, Chelsea's?\n\nWe've been coming here since day one, and I wouldn't call it our 'favorite' restaurant, but it's probably the restaurant we visit most frequently. Why? It's just so gosh-darn good, and very consistent. You can always find us at the bar--the bartenders are always beyond friendly, and we love looking out at their gorgeous patio and marveling at how they've covered up that nasty ass canal (DON'T HATE, we ride bikes on the canal, and that is a particularly gross patch). You can't go wrong starting off with the sangria, a glass of wine, or a margarita (one of the best in town), and I could close my eyes, blindly point to something on the menu, and be totally happy with whatever arrived. \n\nWhy did it suck so badly on our last visit? It was busy, although not any busier than usual on a Saturday night. We snagged a seat at the bar and after awhile the bartender handed us a sticky, ketchup-caked menu. No thanks. The bar surface wasn't any cleaner, so after about ten minutes I asked for a wet napkin and she finally took the hint and wiped our space down. Drinks were fine. The ceviche was so blah, I can't imagine any spice or lime went in to it. It tasted like a soupy bowl of tomatoes, and although this is one of our standbys, most of it went untouched. My husband's burger came out overcooked, as did my filet. Like, really overcooked. My green beans were soaked in butter and that was about it in the way of flavor--we asked our bartender for salt and pepper that never came.\n\nShe gave us a free dessert for our overcooked meals (thanks?), but I'd rather just have the old Chelsea's back.
Oh, I hesitated before we entered this what seems to be a pretty highly rated yelp restaurant...\n\nThe only reason for 2 stars instead of a one  is a super friendly service.\nOur waiters were excellent, very helpful and accommodating. It is absolutely not their fault that food is mediocre. Actually, what was strange is that they charged our CC just the amount on the bill and did not include the tip my husband left. Bill was $26.40, my husband signed for $31, but online I see a charge of $26.40 only.  I don't know if I should call and make sure that waiters got their tip... I guess, I will do it on Monday.\n\nWe ordered pho chin ( well done brisket ). The broth was good, but nothing spectacular, brisket itself was still pretty chewy and tasteless. I expected it to be at least a little bit better, but if you are hungry and want something hot, go for it. The portion is very generous.\n\nVegetable Cha Gio (Fried Vietnamese egg rolls) was completely soaked in some oil, which totally ruined the dish. It looked like their fryer was not hot enough when they dipped rolls for cooking. Another possibility is that oil was old. Neither of the scenarios excites me.\n\nVermicelli with seasoned grilled shrimps disappointed as well. There were only 5 tiny shrimps on the top, pretty rubbery but tasty. The rest seemed to be 2 pounds of vermicelli.\n\nI don't know what everyone else with 5 star reviews ate there, but whatever we had was not that. I don't mind cheap, ethnic food, and I know that it can be inexpensive but still very good. \n\nI will not repeat, but I encourage you to try. Maybe, it was a bad day and you will get something better. Again, the service is very friendly, I kind of feel bad leaving such a negative review, but I cannot lie and led other people believe that the food was good.
I have been here to eat twice and while the first experience was ok the second time\nhas me writing of the place for good. I will say the service was always speedy and quick both times but when we went to brunch the menu has better options like the chiliquiles.\n\n My problem is the limited menu during lunch time and the quality of that food. The table side guac was ok and some could say great if they prefer it one way more than another. I would say it wasn't close to Salty's but not terrible like America's taco shop on 7th st. There menu consist of two basic options excluding the soup during lunch, tacos and tortas. Their tortas remind me more of something you would find at a wildflower except without any good mixture of ingredients. you would think that if you only served 5 different things you would be really good. I don't mind a small amount of choices, even if you think of your own home rotation of meals you cook for your family you could limit it to your top 5 things and have a menu that would kick the crap out of most restaurant menus I am sure. I had the brisket torta which seemed to be a mix of a lox and a thin(super thin) layer of burnt beef. My girlfriend thought the same. My friend had another one that looked better but she said she wouldn't rush to come back for it. The side of beans were ok and the chorizo and potatoes were ok more for the potato side as the chorizo was semi bland and couldn't hold a candle to any Shreiner's offering.\n\nSo we had a 90$ lunch (no alcohol) that had faux latin food. When I went to brunch my girl did like the drinks and the chiliquiles are good but you could do better from any torta chain with little effort and just suffer from the ambiance for better food. Guero's tortas comes to mind but like I said even Subway could own these guys.
I think I just don't like El Salvadoran food. It's either that or I accidentally consumed the cardboard and polymer display models in lieu of my actual entree. That was some seriously dry, bland food. Even tossing some watered down hot sauce on that pile of bland meat and carbs didn't really improve the edibility. I had the appetizer platter and the chicken with white rice and weird white sauce with a dry side salad. It was a bland, white platter of food. Plus, what's with the side salad of iceberg and radishes? Is it garnish? It's not dressed with anything and, you know, tastes just like a pile of lettuce. \n\nMaybe I'm just an ignorant prick. Maybe I ordered the wrong thing. Maybe I just don't like El Salvadoran (although I love just about everything else Central American). \n\nThe pupusas were crazy delicious though. I would totally return for these. (And only these.)
A friend picked this place when we were visiting from out of town. The parking lot is pretty torn up and we actually were afraid it might not be open at first. The place is HUGE, but pretty much empty when we got there. They sat us at a table, but the waiter seemed pretty annoyed when we wanted to wait for the rest of our party to arrive before ordering drinks.  They wanted to rush our dinner order also which I don't understand considering how empty it was and the more laid back vibe I had been told to expect in comparison to NY. I might have ordered appetizers had I been given enough time to decide.\n\nI got a combo plate that had a cheese enchilada & chile releno. The sauce had a bit of a skin on it, but everything tasted OK for fast food Mexican standards. The corn tamale filling that they give a tiny scoop of is honestly the best thing on the plate. The rice was overcooked and hard. My husband had the same but added a beef taco that was just as unmemorable. One of our dining companions had a veggie fajita that turned out to be mostly potatoes and that seemed to be the most diet friendly thing on the menu. \n\nOverall, the food was edible which is more than you can say for alot of chain Mexican places. I was just hoping for a bit better considering we were vacationing in the southwest.
"""The Cheesecake Factory in Chandler is one of those restaurants you want to take your family members such as your visiting aunt and uncle from Korea. It would also be a nice place to take your international friends from China or Mexico. That's because the atmosphere and interior is well designed. When I took my mom here yesterday, she was in awe. \Wow, this place looks great!\""""\n\nThat's all that the Cheesecake Factory offers.\n\nThe waiter brought us two empty plates. The dishwasher didn't clean it correctly, so he exchanged it for new ones right away.\n\nThe food is not great. That's why you shouldn't bring your spouse here for an anniversary or have a first date here. My mom ordered a pasta and we both agreed that it tasted bland. \n\nFinally, we shared a slice of cheesecake and my mom ordered a coffee. The slice of cheesecake was good, but it's not worth the money.\n\nThe lunch+dessert+coffee+tip was around $34 that day. The place has a great atmosphere, but the food isn't worth anywhere near $34."""""""
Had my first experience at SanTan on a Friday night. The food was ok, the beer was mediocre. Our server was exceptional, wish I could remember his name. I think the thing that really turned me off was how HOT it was. It was miserable trying to eat, drink and be merry while you're near sweating on a cool Arizona night. For the money you're better off going to Four Peaks where the food is incredible and the beer is tasty!
"""Call me a hater, but you all are brainwashed. \n\nEdit: changed my review to two stars to be a little more fair.\n\nI will start off by saying this is by far the best restaurant the Clarendon has had yet, though that isn't saying much considering their track record. The place is very unassuming and actually has a very comfortable feel. We were absolutely confused where to go when we walked into the restaurant. You can't tell where the bar ends and the dining room begins, and they don't have a set up hostess stand (the one they have is in the middle of the room) which you can easily find. Our hostess looked at us oddly for a couple of seconds before I let her know \were here for dinner......\""""\n\nAfter being seated, our server came over and we told her it was our first time and needed her help choosing. She described everything to sound absolutely delicious so we ordered away. I started out with the Picolo, a drink made with jalapeno, tequila, lime, and muddled seasonal fruit. Sounds delicious, but this is where the night took a turn for the worst. I took a taste and just about dropped my glass and my head twitched.... it was so tart it was undrinkable. I'm a guy who likes my sour candy and sour anything, but this was almost painful to drink. I told the server and she started laughing and apparently assumed I was kidding??? \n\nI ordered three tacos, and a side of rice. I first tried the Cochinita, which I have to say was an absolutely butchered dish. Does this white boy need to go over and give lessons to you people about how to properly cook a Mexican dish? YOU DO NOT PUT GUACAMOLE ON COCHINITA PIBIL. You also don't used tough, chopped pork. You use shredded and slow roasted pork. You don't put chunks of fruit in it either. You ruined one of the greatest Mexican dishes of all time. The Carne Asada had a wonderfully textured and tender quality, but fell flat on it's face when it came to flavor, of which it had none. I tried the Ahi Tuna taco as well, which also was covered in guacamole. You can't just cover all of your food in guacamole and pass it as mexican, unless you are trying to hide a lack of skill in the kitchen. I ate my \""""guacos\"""" (not tacos) begrudgingly. \n\nMy girlfriend ordered the guacamole and proclaimed it to be completely average, but I'd have to say otherwise. I took a bite on a chip only to find a big chunk of orange slice. Really? People order this, and then come back and order it again? This is actually the second Mexican dish you've managed to butcher, after the cochinita pibil. I won't even start on the rice, which was not cooked properly, was covered in cilantro... and I mean COVERED, and was borderline cold. \n\nService here is good enough, but I had the feeling the whole time that our server was simply going through the motions. When she laughed and told me she was glad I liked the drink I was complaining about, all the way to the end when she asked why we didn't finish the guacamole and couldn't understand why we weren't licking the bowl, she just flat out was off. \n\nThe meal was absolutely a bastardization of the Mexican cuisine. You all are trying to damned hard to be \""""cute\"""" and made yourself look like inexperienced buffoons in the kitchen. I have to tell you that this place is probably only surviving because it caters to a niche and because some yelp superstar decided they like it, and all their sheep friends followed. If this place had to survive on it's own in the real world (outside it's \""""I'm to hip to go anywhere that cool people wont see me\"""" atmosphere) it would fall flat on it's face, just like every other restaurant this hotel has dreamt up."""""""
Nice atmosphere , a lot of German in this place. However the food was a disappointment. Beef Roulade was tasty, but meat was dry. Weiner Schnitzel was a dried out slab of meat, breaded and possibly laying on a plate in the kitchen for a while. Precooked and then reheated. Not freshly fried for sure. No additional lemon based gravy, made for a super dried out experience. Potatoes were too mushy. Apfel Strudel was very good, but obviously over hot from a microwave 'heat-up' before serving.  We don't need to go back. We did love the accordian and tuba players, they were great!  PS, I am German and I know my german food!
As far as Cummings effectiveness against bugs in the house, I'm neither here nor there. We have a contract for them to come out every 2 months. We still have our ant problem and we still get bugs in the house. The annoying thing for me is the bug guy who stops by our house 2- 3 hours before our scheduled appointment time. Is it better than being late? I'm not so sure it is. The bug guy calls and leaves messages on our voicemail that he is at our house and wants to treat the house sooner (of course it always a time that is not convenient for me). When I explained to the scheduling lady the concept of an appointment (which is I schedule a time that works for me and they schedule a time that works for them/bug guy), I was told they would speak to him about arriving early. Now he just waits in our driveway until I get home. Perhaps I am being paranoid but the guy gives me the creeps! As soon as our contract is up, it will be 'Smell you later, Cummings!!'
Eh, uh, Meh.\n\nI get excited whenever my priceline offer is accepted and I get placed in a Hyatt. This one is my least favorite Hyatt locations. I won't complain about the typical parking charges and internet fees that always occur at 4 star hotels (even though the restaurant/bar downstairs is called freaking NETWORKS! duh). \n\nHowever.....the thermostats are waaaay outdated and don't work that well, can't open a window, awkward check in - they now have a self check in computer (like airline ticketing) but the desk lady still takes your DL and credit card and runs them through the machine....standing on your side of the desk. Just kinda awkward. \n\nYes, the elevators are neat and fast and the views are cool, but CLEAN THEM. No excuse for those things to not have the snot-nosed kid handprints wiped clean a few times a day. The employees ride them too, right? \n\nI got a beer at Networks, downstairs. 1 beer = $6.01 + tip (not sure why I did tip) = $7.01. FOR 1 BEER. \n\nWanted to watch the Dbacks game.....neither front desk nor concierge could tell me how to navigate my remote away from the corny adult movie ads to normal TV, or tell me what channel it would be on. \n\nAbout that thermostat.....mine didn't work. Called front desk, they sent someone up. Took 45 minutes, but they fixed it at least. I'm just used to outstanding service with Hyatt, 45 minutes for a fix-it visit is too long. \n\nIt is modern, beds are comfy(as expected), you can see the Dbacks stadium from your room, just BYOB and hope you don't need help from the staff. \n\n2 stars on a Hyatt scale. I'd give them 4 if it were another hotel that I nabbed for $70 on priceline.....
I'm sure Dr. Gentile is a fine doctor and a good person but when when my husband and I were interviewing pediatric offices I found Dr. Gentile to be annoyed by our questions about alternative shot schedules and he stated that they only follow the APA's vaccine schedule and then he proceeded to tell me what horrible things might happen to my baby should we not follow the schedule. \n\nI understand that vaccines are important but we chose a different pediatric office because we live an organic lifestyle and chose to go with a variation of Dr. Sears' shot schedule (our kiddos do get all of the shots, just more spread out), and this other office was willing to work with us. Dr. Gentile's office was just not right for us.
This is a 2ish-to-3ish-back-to-2ish star kind of joint. Doesn't get more Americanized Chinese than this - your sweet & sour chicken, your Mongolian beef, your walnut prawns....and you realize you're the only one in a packed restaurant at lunchtime actually eating with chopsticks (given upon request). The few times been here for lunch the food has been nominal. Decent but nothing that stayed with me, except that typical post Chinese-lunch craving for a massive nap. \n\nService...well, depends on the server. Some are friendly, some not so much. Prices for the lunch special hover around $5.50 and include egg flower or hot & sour soup, entree, fried rice, and the greasiest egg roll that ever egg rolled. \n\nChinatown this isn't, but Grandma Ethel would love it. Actually make that plural Grandma Ethels. They were all over, rockin the place.
"""As previous reviewers have stated, the course is an expensive but beautiful place to play. Those who greeted us when we arrived and left displayed impeccable service.\n\n..so, why the two stars? I suppose it's unfair, but a fact of life, that an experience is remembered not by how much went right, but how much went wrong. Our foursome came to the golf course after a long conference, expecting an opporunity to unwind, talk business, and enjoy some fun after a few days of work. It appears we were scheduled to play ahead of two scratch threesomes. We fell about a hole behind those in front of us, and had planned to start letting those behind us play through at the 1st par 3 opportunity on the Raptor course.\n\nRight before we got to the first par 3, we were accosted by the rangers. No polite request to speed up play, or to let those behind us play through. Instead, we were critiqued for our slowness of play, and the trouble we were causing those behind, and if we \planned to speed up\"""", as if we were playing slow purposefully. \n\nSo, we allowed the 1st 3-some behind us pass through.. and immediately on the next hole, were accosted by the very same rangers! Now, we could still see the 3-some we just let pass through teeing off on the hole ahead of us, and yet we were accosted for our slow play.\n\nSo, regardless of the service we received coming and leaving, regardless of the beautiful vistas, all I remember when I think of this golf course is our discourse with the ranger, which is a shame."""""""
Growing up in Arizona I remember the days when this place had a lot going for it. Recently, I ventured back on a visit back home and was less then impressed. It would seem that whoever is managing this place now cares more about what the place looks like then whether or not there is actually anything worthy of shopping or eating at. The slide has been so bad here that I fear it will become a ghost town if the economy gets any worse. Before long it won't be worth the rent for the few retailers that are left occupying it. Shame...
"""Wow, Monkey Pants, you really let me down.  I've heard so many great things, from Yelp and from friends, and I couldn't wait to check this place out.  I finally did, and was honestly very surprised at how much I didn't like this place.\n\nSo the basics... you can usually get 2 out of 3 on service, price, and quality.  Well the service sucked.  The waitress was literally angry we were there.  The prices were ok.  Quality?  When your coke doesn't taste like coke (we're talking about soda here), the lemonade doesn't taste like lemonade, and the nachos seem like they've been prepared a few hours ago... not my place.\n\nThe decor confused me.  It seemed like they wanted to try for a sports restaurant, with a ton of TVs, but the TVs were fighting with the grandma's living room section.  I didn't feel the vibe, in fact I felt the desire to go home.\n\nThey have a free comedy show on Thursday nights as well.  The MC kept reminding us that you get what you pay for, but he must have been lying because they didn't pay me to sit through it.  Just about nothing offends me, but these \comedians\"""" had offense on lock.  Jokes about rape and abortion, one after another, and nobody was laughing - time to give it up."""""""
I had been meaning for a while to this place out and finally did since it is hard to pass up The Main Ingredient. I wish I hadn't as not more than 50 feet from where I sat people where most likely enjoying some awesome appetizers and good food for way less.\n\nI tried the wings which had an odd taste but were so so. The antipasto board was terrible and for 11$ should have had a little effort to it. The food came slow as well as the service was slow and inattentive. The lady we had seemed to not be thinking about the place since we had to request a pizza to go 3 times she came back out from the back. I must note that at the time there were 2 people at the bar and one other couple in the whole place. The steak and turkey chili was pretty bad also. \n\n I am not a fan of pizza much besides maybe Red Devil or the now closed Western Pizza but I live with 3 females that are and not one of them cared for it. The bread was good but the sauce had the hint of toothpaste( probably from too much tomato paste) that peter piper seems to have in their equally terrible pizza. \n\n I can't say I will be back, I think my girl liked the martini she had but she will have to go alone if she wants another.\n\nI would mention that just like a terrible steak house or a Chili's you will pay more than you should for sub par dining. I don't mind paying well for good food but you can't help feeling like you have been ripped off when you have a larger than average bill for crappy food.
"""Was here for NYE and my birthday celebration, bf explained it was my bday upon making reservation.  It was a little more casual than expected but that was fine.  Server Laura, with long blonde hair and big silver circle earrings took her time getting us started.  We ordered a bottle of champagne on the menu and she said I don't know if we have that.  Then she proceeded to flip through our menu on the table to see what they had, clearly unfamiliar with their offerings.  Hmm. NYE you would think you would know what bubbly you have..just sayin'.....She then brought a tiny bottle of sparkling sake and my bf politely asked, \Um, is that champagne?\""""  She looked at it then realizing her mistake, rushed off to get what we ordered and said it was my mistake and the bar's.\n\nWe started with a tuna and poke appetizer which was good, it had truffle oil and served on tortilla chips which was a nice crunchy contrast.  The sauce was really sweet and almost too much as you could barely taste the truffle oil even though you could smell it.  Next the tuna in the spicy tuna roll was brown(?) and not spicy, must have been with a mild soy sauce, and accompanied by only cucumber inside.  This was my least favorite.  The rainbow roll was good and what we expected, albacore sashimi was good but not the best I have had.  Sunshine roll had tuna with a mango sauce that was a refreshing fruit sauce to the palate since most of our rolls were sweet, salty, and or creamy/rich.  The baked scallop roll was okay, too much mayo in the overcooked scallops and was drenched in eel sauce.  The creamy baked lobster roll was the best, with lobster tempura on top of the roll with eel sauce.  Lobster was cooked just right.  \n\nI really wanted a lava cake for my bday but she said they were out which was disappointingly surprising since it was early, like 9:30 ish.  So we said we didn't need anything else (code for \""""you can bring the check\"""")  but still waited for the bill. No luck so I put my coat on as a hint. Still nothing so we started looking around as a sign and even had bf put his bright red debit on the table for her to see...still waiting.  Finally had bf take his card to her.  Sub par service considering the restaurant was not even full and she clearly wasn't busy.  Food was good but not memorable.  Service below average and unlikely to return.  She never even wished me happy birthday."""""""
Huge selection of wine, booze and beer along with other bar/party type items. Snack food is really overpriced. My biggest complaint about this place is the lack of good craft beer that is kept cold. They have a big selection but 98% of it sits on a warm store shelf where it can go bad fast.  For my money I'd rather shop for beer at AJ's, Sun Devil, Tops or Papago but for wine and booze Bevmo is more than adequete.Prices can also be surprisngsly higher than their competitors.
My husband and i went here early evening on Saturday (about 5:45pm). The place is very close to where we live and wanted to give it a shot. There was only 3 other tables that were occupied so we were seated right away. Our table had a balance issue that my husband solved by placing a napkin under one of the legs. The place was tastefully decorated, nothing too special. \n\nWe were greeted right away by our server and were informed about the happy hour specials that were still good until 6pm. I quickly ordered a wine flight for each of us ($2 off each flight) and an appetizer of chicken satay with pineapple salsa ( $8). We received our wines and they were all very delicious. I had the chardonnay flight ( $10) and the husband had the merlot flight ($12). \n\nThen the appetizer came. It was 3 skewers of chicken planted into a thick slice of grilled pineapple and a side of the salsa. I tried to take a bite of it and it was too chewy. I used my fork to slide it off the skewer and ended up getting a work out. This was way overcooked and way overseasoned. We had to put plenty of the sweet salsa on the chicken to balance out the amount of salt that was used for the chicken. So...not impressed with the satay.\n\nFor the entree we ordered the blackened salmon with risotto and veggies. They were out of risotto so we chose the goat cheese mashed potatoes instead. The salmon had a good flavor but was overcooked and the mashed potatoes were very good, even though I would have never knew that there was goat cheese in there. The server came over and told us that since we were sharing that if we wanted more veggies to let her know, my husband said sure I will have some. She ended up bringing out some weird stir fry veggies which did not come with the original meal ( we had steamed veggies) and we were charged $4 extra for these when the bill arrived. She really misled us, I thought she was OFFERING them. \n\nWe ordered the chocolate crepe with fresh fruit and creme fresh for desert ($8).The crepe was horrible in flavor and texture. The berries and creme that were inside were delicious.\n\nThe wine here is reasonable, and there are not many places in the westside that have this type of selection. i may go back for the wine...and that is it. The food did not impress me at all and I am so glad that the husband and I shared the plates we did get. This is usually what we do when we go for the first time to a place that is a little pricey. That way if the food is bad we do not spend so much. \n\nThis place may have some food that could be good, but I am not willing to take that chance. I would like to see a little more quality in the food here than what we received. I mean I have had better chicken satay at a backyard BBQ.
"""We had high hopes for this place.  Rave reviews (mostly), and personal recommendations.  Heck, if you don't have a reservation you probably aren't getting in!  What a disappointment.  Even with the reservation we had to wait about 15 minutes.  Menu looked appetizing.  Sounded very up-scale!  \n\nI had the salmon.  If you can call it that.  The actual salmon was microscopic.  A tiny piece perhaps 2\ square by about 1/2\"""" thick.  That's it.  The rest was \""""greens\"""".  Apparently they expect you to fill up on \""""greens\"""".  And the flavor of that miniscule bit of salmon was just ordinary.  Nothing special.\n\nOne person had a sandwich.  It was small, but bigger than the salmon.  It was reasonably tasty.  At least as good as Quiznos.  But, again, nothing special.\n\nAlso, you have to ask for bread service.  It's complimentary, but if you don't ask you don't get.  And the bread wasn't even warm.\n\nThe lemonade was really sub-par.  Not good.  The one bright spot was that their apricot tea is really outstanding.\n\nIf you like salads and \""""greens\"""", you might like this place.  The person we went with had been there before, and she loved her strawberry salad.  But even she commented that the portion size had shrunk (she had never finished a whole serving before, but this time she did).  The other two salad-eaters in the group weren't as impressed (they didn't get the strawberry salad, though).\n\nOverall...I'd skip this place.  Drop in and buy the tea (they sell it in leaf form), but skip the food.  Overpriced, undersized, and nothing special on the flavor front."""""""
Food was okay, but nothing to remember.  The portabello crab cake appetizer was a disappointment as we didn't notice any crab in there.  The steak we ordered was not that good as it seemed like it was precooked, then reheated.  The beef in my Beef and British Ale Pie tasted like the beef sirloin you get in Campbell's Chunky soup, even though it is immersed in sauce, it is somehow dry and bland.  Only redeeming qualities are the beer selection and fries.
We brought home Serrano's takeout for dinner to feed the 5 of us.  Some observations:\n\n- The food is way overpriced; for example, a cheeseburger plate was $7.50 and grilled cheese is $5.  While these aren't Mexican dishes (they were for the kids), this is sky-high even for restaurant standards\n\n- The side dishes are tiny -- my portion of rice and beans was absolutely lacking\n\n- The carne asada tacos were decent, but could have been more flavorful; including a lime definitely would have helped the cause\n\nAs there are many other, better, and more authentic places to get Mexican food in the East Valley, search elsewhere.
I am being very generous here, because the expectations were so much higher. They jam packed us among a heard in the middle of the room. They couldn't  remember whose drink was whose and they brought my girlfriends meal out wrong, oh yeah, and it was her birthday. Well I just dropped the rating again, just remembering the experience we had. Then as they went back to fix her meal again, they just let mine sit out in front of me and get cold, cause you know if I started eating before her, not a good idea. When they finally brought her meal, we told them that mine wasn't hot anymore so they went back and nuked it, nuked it, I am paying $150+ for the 2 of us. Oh hell no!!! So we choked down our meals which were all right, I have had better. No apologies, no manager apologies, nothing. Might not ever go back!!!!!
My boyfriend and I came here on a Saturday night jazz night once and I've been here a couple of times for coffee. I really want to love this place but I just can't get into it. Each time I've been I haven't been moved by the coffee drinks and the veggie lavash pizza I had for dinner was just okay. \n\nThe ambiance is great and I love the location. I just feel it's a little overpriced and the market holds very few things I couldn't find at Trader Joe's/Sprouts for a better price.\n\nI can definitely see the appeal. Nice & healthy. I've been meaning to try their breakfast. Perhaps that will win me over...
Came here for a group dinner, and wasn't impressed with the food menu. Granted its Chinese multi-course dinner, but there wasn't much flavor in anything. The soup was okay (its difficult to mess up soup), and the soda was fine, but everything else was just so bland. The waiters were quick to bring everything out and clean up the table, but nothing memorable stood out in the dining experience. The drinks at the bar were watered down and weren't nearly worth the $6 price tag, as cheap as that is.
"""Made a return trip this past week because my buddy raved over his chicken dish he got here a year ago(seriously. he went into the kitchen after the meal and thanked the cook). No dice this time. Us being a group of four rolled into this joint without a reservation hoping to get seated. Imagine our delight when we walk into a place with less than half the tables occupied. The host went over to the bartender after we spoke with him and we got the look. You know the look. It's an over the shoulder glance of disgust and \not these people\"""". The host returned and told us a 1 hour wait. I believe my half buzzed response was no way or something to that effect. The wife pointed towards the plethora of empty tables and we were told those were reservations. Immediately I called Guinness Book because this place had to be near setting a record for reservations. We mosied on over to another establishment that probably blows this one out of the water. You get 1 star because I have to give you one and another for the grub my buddy had last year."""""""
This Safeway is ghetto...for Arizona.  There are always security guards hanging around and looking creepy, like maybe they stole the uniforms.  This store is always understaffed and usually only has one or two checkout lanes open when there are 20 people in line.  None of the employees are helpful nor friendly.  The products are all grossly overpriced.  I did a Fresh and Easy comparison in terms of price of a recent trip there and Safeway was a little over double the cost of F&E!  Yikes.  This is a terrible location.  All Safeways are terrible actually.  I don't like paying double and getting half the customer service I get anywhere else.  No thank you!
"""I agree with Laura E, Over Easy is now just Meh!!! What's happened to Over Easy?  HELLO Mr Owners of OE, your service and food have changed since your move and it's not a good change...  We've watched the decline of this little \hole in da wall\"""" breakfast joint that used to be one of the best places to go in the mornings ~ Pre Food Network and Triple D....\n\nI can see where your trying to accommodate more people in your new place but COME ON, I was elbowed twice while eating next to strangers beside us!  This is not a comfortable environment for dinning unless you want to get cozy and share your food with strangers...\n\nThe service was very disappointing, blunderous, and left us wanting.  Our drinks were not maintained and when we had issue concerning our meal our server told us it would be a while before we could get another order of pancakes, without an apology. \n\nWe had the chicken and waffles, which were ok ~ the chicken was nice and crisp but was a little over done. The waffle was flat and plain. We also had pancakes with sides of bacon and sausage. The pancakes were cold for some reason so we wanted to order some fresh but our server was not helpful. The bacon was very good as was the sausage.  We also had the Wolfpack, which was very good with two eggs, bacon and cheese between layers of crisp buttery hashbrownie goodness. Very filling but not something to order if your watching your carb in take. \n\nI hope you listen to the Yelpers and make some changes soon.  There are too many other places to dine for breakfast and lunch that are as good if not better than you now.  After all the Food Network foodies have tried your place for the first and last time ~ The Yelpers (regulars) want the old Over Easy service and quality of food back please."""""""
I have eaten in, and done delivery now. So...eating in, pretty darn good. Passion bread is a perk, and the pizzas are great. Wings, not bad. Delivery...something bad happens on the way to the drop site. I think, well my boyfriend and I hypothesize, that since they bake their wings/boneless wings, they aren't as crispy. But maybe, during the drive over, they get even more soggy.  I predict there are better places to get delivery wings on a Sunday Funday football game dinner. But make up your own mind...
I am a little hesitate about writing a review about this place because the stylist there are nice to me. I went there several times to get my eyebrows waxed and hair cut and flat ironed. There were times were they did good and times were they messed up pretty bad. I went in to get my eyebrows waxed and the lady made one of my eyebrow long and one short. The other time I went in she waxed so many times that I had skin peeling.One stylist has messed up on my highlights and made it to blonde in different sections and had to get it fixed. I got my hair burned because they used a strong flat iron I asked the stylist what is that smell while she was flat ironing my hair she said she didn't know and the other stylist were sitting there and didn't say anything to my response. I don't understand how you can stand there and not smell that my hair was burning? I trusted them and thought nothing of it till I came home. and then the manger had to use a condition treatment on my hair and when I went a second time the owner was there and she used a stronger conditioning treatment even when I told her that's not what the manger used and when I called the manger she went on by saying that maybe it was to much protein in my hair because after two treatment I was to see better results on my burned hair and did not. I don't understand what kind of owner they have there that wouldn't even listen to me when I said that's not what the manger used. I called to manager on what to do next she said that she would call the owner and get back to me and never did. They didn't seem to want to listen to the customers needs and they seem like they were helping me by doing the conditioning treatment but they should have gave me my money back.  I will not go back there. I don't trust this place
I have to say, I went to a lot of different Hooter's establishments throughout the 1990s, when I was in military. It was the natural place to go when you're a bunch of young, low-income guys being shipped around from place to place. But I hadn't been to one in at least 10 years.\n\nI was expecting it to be worse, because I've heard these stories about how they'll get sued now if they fire their waitresses for getting fat, but I had no idea how pussified this place had become. Hooter's used to be a chain of bars where guys go to watch football games and have hot chicks bring them beer. Not anymore. There was a table of 6 chatty 50-something yentas sitting next to us, there were children running around, and the waitress talent seems to have suffered. Then we get seated at a gross-ass table, had a pretty long wait before the waitress came by, and another long wait before it got wiped down, and I just wanted to get out of there.\n\n1 extra star because a balcony on 5th & Mill is a good thing, though I'd go to Gordon Biersch (mediocre in its own right) over this place every time.
Romanelli's makes a good sandwich, I admit. But other than that, I don't see many redeeming qualities.\n\nThe two stars is for the fact that they appear to pass off fake Parmigiano-Reggiano as the real thing (check the rinds -- if there isn't an imprint, it's not legit). And at around $18/pound, that's a shady thing to do. They also sell Garofalo pasta for $5/pound, which you can buy at Costco for $12 -- and for that price you get 8 pounds. Also: skip the cannoli. They taste like they just added a little vanilla to a can of Betty Crocker frosting for the filling.\n\nBut they do have several good olive oils that aren't absurdly marked up, as well as my favorite, La Valle San Marzano canned tomatoes which are only a buck or two more than you can find elsewhere. They also sell Maestri Pastai (a very good pasta), but at AJ's prices (although to be fair, Romanelli's and AJ's are the only two stores in the city who sell the brand).\n\nSo, go in for a sandwich, but I can't recommend much else other than the aforementioned few items.
After reading these reviews, I was highly anticipating my visit to the Tuck Shop.  Since I live in the same neighborhood, it already had my seal of approval before I sat down.  Unfortunately, as the evening progressed, the meal continually regressed.  The portions were small and overpriced. The food was poor.  In general, I was disappointed.\n\nThe patatas bravas were glorified french fries - I was extremely disappointed with these.  Yes, the mac and cheese was delicious.  I would gladly order this again.  However, as mentioned by other reviewers, the bowl of mac and cheese is small and definitely not large enough to feed two.  Finally, the halibut tasted pretty good but slightly over-cooked.  \n\nPerhaps I just ordered the wrong items, but I am in no hurry to return.
I have to say I'm surprised at how many people love this place.  I had the Delux burger, and it was as two stars says...Meh.  I would not go running back there for another one, especially at $10.50 a pop.  I will say the mixed basket of regular and sweet potato fries was tasty ($6.00 but enough to share).  The burger lacked flavor, even with all the toppings including caramelized onions.  Nothing popped when you would bite into it, and even the bun was a little soggy.  I would go to In and Out and get a tasty burger for a better price before going back.  OR, stop in at Blu Burger for a tastier burger at the same price.
So I've admitted in the Biltmore location's review that I secretly LOVE Cheesecake Factory, but this particular location stinks.  \n\nLunch is always busy, and service (up to now) was so-so.  But most recently my co-workers took me to lunch here for my birthday, and here is how the exchange with our 22 year old skanky server went. I swear I am not making this up.  We place our orders and then my co-workers call over our server.  Let's call the 22 year old skanky server Tammy McSleazerston.\n\nCo-workers:  (point over at me like I'm not there, as if to request some kind of retarded ice cream, song and dance freebie) It's his birthday today, could we have some kind of something for him.\nTM:  (In baby voice, and taking her index finger and pointing at her right cheek) Aww, is it your boothday tuhday Mishtuh Man??\nMe:  (Stunned, and not knowing what to say)  Um yeah.\nTM says she'll be back, and walks away.\nMe and Co workers:  (Look at each other jaw-dropped)\n\nWe finish lunch, they give me my stupid ice cream, and we leave a crappy tip and a note to the manager to rein in his flippant servers -- and no apology, or other response.
I too had the lunch special and thought for the price it was a good deal. My pita bread was ice cold and stale, which sort of put a damper on the whole meal. I was expecting more. I liked the variety of meat selections served with the lunch special, but the steak was grizzly. Also, the rice was just okay - it was a tad dry. Also, the decor and ambiance was nothing special and sort of depressing. I'll probably go back and try them again, but I'm not racing back.
"""I have been CRAVING Indian food lately and after hearing about FOI from a coworker and reading the reviews here, I decided to try it out for lunch. Ok it is a buffet, I knew that, but I have been to some very good Indian buffets. When I walk into any ethnic restaurant and I see people of the same ethnicity of the restaurant eating there I get excited. It must be good right?   This table must have been family and eat for free because I have had better. The naan was just ok, the Tandoori chicken, meh (well I have never been a big fan of this anyway because almost anywhere it is usually just dry bland chicken to me). The butter chicken type dish with tomatoes, was ok but looked like they added red food coloring. I enjoyed the flavor of the meatball dish, the palak dish was bland. Honestly the only other dish I found interesting other than the meatballs was the Carrot \pudding\"""" which was sauteed sweet minced carrots, went back twice just for that. The sweet rice was ok, it had raisins and coconut.  I generally prefer it without either.\n I may go try it one more time and order off the menu for dinner. Give it a fair chance before completely ruling it out."""""""
They only have a few good instructors left at this gym, since most have left for better paying gyms. It has gone down the tubes in my opinion. The whole place needs a facelift and the management could care less. The only reason I keep my membership is because of the few teachers left that I love, it is \u00fcber cheap, and I can use it when I travel. Clean it up...it looks like it came out of the Miami Vice days.
Pros: Free wifi.\n\nCons: \n-really narrow security line\n-not many power outlets by the gates and some didn't work\n-no gate agents to be found on a Saturday after Christmas--especially troubling when my flight got cancelled, luckily I got through to the airline on the phone\n-the most confusing path to car rental return I have ever seen in my life, and judging by other cars on the road, they were puzzled too\n-the concessions/stores in Terminal 3 closed early (5 and 5:30).  Faced with the prospect of being stranded there all night, I had to buy food early or I would have been stuck with nothing.  Also, pickings were extremely slim for food shops.
"""eh, I don't know how to even start this. I guess I'll start on the positives the staff was very nice and I used the restaurant.com coupon so I got about $40 dollars worth of sushi for like $22 after tip. Also, the interior was really cool looking and the little sake bottles along the wall that had been signed and stuff was a nice touch. Now the problem is that this was probably the most bland sushi I have ever eaten. It's not that anything was out right disgusting (maybe it was due to blandness idk, but it wasn't full of any weird nasty flavors) but I didn't finish much of the food at all.\n\nI had a good mix of different rolls.. firecracker (i think) which sounded good with spicy tuna and shrimp tempura, along with a spicy tuna, a vegas, and the sushi sampler with various nigiri. The prices were cheap so I wasn't expecting anything amazing but lets just say if I had paid full price I would have been severely disappointed and this might have gotten one star. Everything was just bland and the definition of \Meh\"""", the nigiri had super thin slices fish on it which isn't a terrible thing but it was on a HUGE ball of rice so I was basically eating riceballs. The spicy tuna which is hard to mess up was just not good at all. The rest was just more of the same. \n\nOverall, this place is getting a gift with two stars. I really like sushi and I have no problem eating it at cheaper places (think Ra happy hour or even Teharu Sushi) but this is honestly a place I won't be coming back to no matter how cheap it is."""""""
The gym is nice and clean, everything looks new but its not worth the price.  I've been a member at several golds gyms and this is by far the smallest and most limited I've been to yet; and the most expensive, i am already canceling my membership.\n\nThere is a serious lack of space or options when it comes to free weights.  Most of the plates end up stacked on the sides of machines, so you need to work around others to get the weights off.  Why not just a simple plate tree?  There is good area for doing squats or deadlifts.  Few if any leg machines.\n\nMost of the floor is filled with all sorts of cardio and nautilus styles machines.  The trainers like to occupy benchs when their trainee is on a different machine.  Bottomline: if you are looking for a place to be seen, go here.  If you want to workout, find some where else.
Very disappointed.  The lamb with gnocci was 90% gnocci, very few bites of lamb and the gnocci was doughy and flavorless.  The chicken saltimbocca arrived overcooked, one dry, stuck-together lump of heavily-spiced chicken bites with very few mushrooms or onions or anything else. \nAll four tables surrounding ours arrived well after we did and yet received their food well before we did, even after we politely inquired about our order.  \nThe only positive was our waitperson - very pleasant and funny, and we actually felt bad for her!\nNo plans to return, obviously.  Too bad, could be different as  it has nice atmosphere, easy and plentiful parking.
"""= = = = = =  THIS REVIEW IS FOR THE WEEKDAY LUNCH BUFFET  = = = = = =\n\nIt's been almost a year since I was here, & last time one of the things that I didn't care for was that I was seated near a glary window.  Thus, I dropped back in here today with Mike C. to give it another try & see if I could get it up to 4-Stars.\n\nWell, we sat well back inside the restaurant, so there wasn't a glare, but now that i've visited many (all?) of the Indian buffets around the Valley, I found the selection here to be a little small, the Tandoori Chicken tasted like benzene (!), & the service wasn't friendly.  It IS a stylish place, inside & out, & it wasn't \bad\"""", really, but I'm not likely to return to this one.  We just have better choices in Indian Buffet.  \n\nLunch Buffet $8.99"""""""
Luckily we had a Groupon otherwise I would have been even more disappointed.\n\nIf you say the chicken you're putting on the pizza is grilled then grill it for gosh sakes. Don't give me some freezer burned, dirty tasting shredded chicken with dab of pesto sauce on it. Yuck.\n\nMy partner had the spaghetti and meatballs which was okay, but came with one lonely slice of bread. Can't they splurge and be a little more generous with the bread? Especially for almost $40 bucks. \n\nFor $36 plus tip you get a pizza, Spaghetti and Meatballs, an Iced Tea and one glass of wine. The Safeway store brand frozen pizza is better than this.\n\nWhy I came here twice is beyond me. Never, ever again.
"""Ah, another day, another new buffet!   :-))\n\nSo Here's \Golden Nugget Chinese Buffet\"""".  It's beyond scary from the front, so I put off eating here for nearly a year, but today was the day to fight off several temptations & finally give it a try.  It's a small place, seating 36 inside plus some shaded patio tables out front.\n\nTemptation #1 was that I had to drive past Best Wok Buffet at 51st Av. & McDowell to get to this place.  Now Best Wok (* * *) is no Zen/Jen, but it's practically free at $4.25 & you just can't go wrong for the price.  (I eat there all the time.)\n\nTemptations #2 & 3 are that there is the big \""""New China Buffet\"""", nearly 4-Stars, right across the street, & also 4-Star Sizzler (Buffet), right over there, too.  Then there's THIS place!  Eek!!    Is it too late to change my mind?\u00bf?   :-O\n\nOk, I stayed.  Here it is...\n\nThe EXCELLENT:\n\n*  The Egg Foo Young!  (Amazing!!)\n*  The Pork Fried Rice!\n\nThe VERY GOOD:\n\n*  The Chicken Chop Suey!\n*  The Chow Mein!\n*  The Sweet & Sour Shrimp!\n*  The Fried Chicken!  (Not wings, but tasty little filets cut from thighs!)\n\nThe NOT-SO-GOOD:\n\n*  Mr. China, the unfriendly host.\n*  The small selection of only 16 items... no fruit or salad.\n*  The inescapable glary light coming in from outside.\n\nLunch Buffet $5.77."""""""
BS West is only getting two stars because of the easy parking and the layout of the place.  It can support alot of people without feeling like you are getting bumped and pushed.  The bar runs across the place so you never have to go far to get to the bartender.  Too bad you will end up waiting a long time because of the unattentive bartenders.  I have been there with a friend waiting 15 minutes at the front of the bar while the bartender had a conversation with a friend.  Another big problem with this place is the customers.  No one here conversates with others outside their group (I tried).  The customers are almost as rude as the bartenders.  The drinks are very expensive for the quality of alcohol you will be getting.  I realize it is in Scottsdale which is supposed to be nice and normally I don't mind spending more for better atmosphere and service but you will not find it at BS West.  It is a complete rip-off!
I have to agree with the others, it's not much but a high priced ice cream stop. The concept was good when it first arrived on the blockmany years ago, but now I wonder why people keep returning. This was my 1st or maybe my 2nd visit to the Creamery, I think I went decades ago to the first one on Mill Ave. \n\nHowever for the $6 I spent on a medium scoop with mix-ins I am not impressed. The coupons given to me I will pass along to some friends' kids who may or may not ever use them.
I have yet to visit this facility or see it's doctors, but now I never will.  I had made an appointment about a month ahead for a regular check up, and I have just received a call that they had to reschedule my appointment. Now I am not a totally unreasonable person, I understand even Dr's have lives and things happen, but my appoint wasn't for three weeks, anything worth canceling on (i.e. a death or being sick) would be over with by then. When I questioned why I had to reschedule my appointment I was told the Dr wasn't going to be able to make it in that day. My appointment was on a Friday... sounds like some one decided to go on vacation to me. I do not have time to deal with an office where appointments are meaningless.
I've been itching to go to FEZ for a long time based on all the other wonderful reviews. I drive by FEZ nearly every day as I work just down the street.  \n\nFinally went with a buddy of mine and I got razzed more than I'd like for picking out a sub-par place! That is factoring in the food and the service. I'd probably give 2.5, 3 stars for the food. I'd give 1.5 stars for the service.  Went on a Sunday afternoon and it wasn't busy at all, although the service would have suggested otherwise. Now don't get me wrong, the waitress was very pleasant and personable, but the time that went by before we got refills or that my dining companion's DIET COKE was fixed to a regular coke took too long. Me not being a soda drink couldn't care less about diet vs. regular but I know, I know, you soda drinkers need to have it exactly as you're taste buds know. \n\nThe food: I already had a lunch so just got the kisra and hummus.  I must  say I was extremely impressed with the taste of the kisra....actually...I would come here for the kisra and hummus for lunch, for sure. But I would get it to go. I wouldn't come back on a lazy Sunday afternoon b/c although I'm being lazy, I don't want the service lazy.  On to my friend's lunch...he got the All-American Burger. To me, this should have come on a sesame seed bun, what's more American other than apple pie,right?  Now I understand the Mediterranean flair that is FEZ, but it just didn't seem right to call it All-American when it's more like half-American....and his salt and pepper fries were not even warm-ish. And they tasted reheated. boo.\n\nWe both decided this would maybe have been a better time had if we were there in the evening. I think we'll give it one more try at night and see if we don't enjoy it a little more.\n\nMaybe my hopes were built up b/c of all the other great reviews, maybe we came at a bad time, maybe he ordered the wrong item. Maybe I'll give FEZ another shot....but I'm not in a hurry to do that right now.
i switched to the human bean in red bluff so that i didnt have to feed corporate america via starbucks. the coffee is comparable, but the price is the same...which it shouldnt be since it doesnt have the overhead. when i was forced to pay a quarter to get my 2 year old a cup of water after paying 4 bucks for coffee, i refused and gave the water back. she said i could wait in the parking lot whil.e she contacted the owner re. a refund. it was 109 degrees ...f that. i left without the quarter that she charged  me, without the water...and ill never go back. starbucks is successful for a reason, i know that now
Hmph... I had always wanted to try this spot, and living within walking distance for the past 3 years hasn't done much to change that, until now.  After catching a show at the Herberger, Ashley A. suggested we go here for drinks/food.  I wasn't really feeling it because I was scared of what I expected in terms of premium pricing, but we went anyway.  The elevator ride up was fun and it made my ears pop.  Once we got off the elevator though, things kind of stopped being fun and I felt like I just stepped into a closet.  It was so dark!\n\nI will give the Compass one thing, their service is fantastic.  Unfortunately, service does not make up for the lack of quality in food or the overwhelmingly inflated prices.  They didn't have Coke, which really irritated me, so I just had a water.  We ended up getting the Drunken Shrimp app since we weren't entirely hungry and then the Lava Cake for dessert.  The sauce with the shrimp was startlingly salty.  Even for me, and I oversalt everything.  The shrimp were okay, and there were only three.  Seriously?  20 bucks for 3 shrimp and a piece of bread.  Sheesh!  At least the desserts were priced fairly.  The lava cake was okay, but it doesn't even come close to my beloved Domino's Lava Crunch Cake.  \n\nAfter checking out the rather uninspired menu and it's awe inspiring prices, I won't be back.  Besides, the view from the top of the Chase Tower is much more impressive, so the view alone will not get me to come back.
Update:  I realized I had overrated it before. I think i am still being generous with two stars. \n\nBasic chain Americanized style of Mexican food. It's alright, but nothing special. Noting that our GPS had it listed under American food and not Mexican should have been the first clue. Totally forgettable and certainly won't be on my list, or on the list of anyone I know, when I come back to Phoenix. \n\nThere are so many choices around, don't waste your time and money on something so very mediocre.
"""$25 for a pizza. and it's really not all that great. \n\nThe owner chimed in, so after further thought, I upgraded Streets of NY because their food is good, just not my fav, and in MY OPINION, over priced.\n\nI did keep noticing some pretty bland sauces in the calzones, so I quit ordering them.. and then I noticed the same thing on the pizza. Kinda waters it down, for lack of a better term. If you take issue with some sauces, the only pizza I would recommend is their Pesto, which I have had, and it is delicious. \n\nIt looks like on paper they have a good lunch menu, which I have not tried. I'm more apt to get a sub for lunch than do a sit down, which the average bill goes from $8 to $15-$20 with tip. and last time I ate there, which was last week for dinner with a buddy, I was annoyed that while I was eating the server asked me if I wanted a beer after I already ordered coke. This was after I had already been served and was drinking it. I just felt like it was kinda tacky, maybe even pushy. You see, I had a DUI last year and i'm more sensitive to drinking and driving these days. I drove that night and did not want to drink alcohol, hence ordering the coke. So, why would a server be asking me if \i want a beer or something??\"""" To boost the bill maybe? Yeah, I think so for sure. \n\nAs far as the pizza, I'm not here to advertise another restaurant, I just know that there are better deals on pizza. For that kind of money, I'd rather just get something from the grocery store and cook it at home OR get a Happy Hour Deal at a restaurant in Scottsdale."""""""
"""I've lived down the street from this carwash for years. Since I wanted to removed a think layer of dirt and dust from a car quickly I went here for the quick automated wash. The price was good and all, but the problem happened when I got back home and noticed that the roughness of the automated wash had torn off one of my side mirror panels. I went back there to ask them if they had found it and they let me look around a bit. It had only been no more than 15 minutes since I had left there and it was no where to be found. One of the employees there tried to tell me that it could have slipped under the drain, which is impossible because this panel is over 6\x 8\"""" and would not have slipped through the grate. All I got in response to this was a simple \""""sorry\"""" and no offer of anything to make it up. I had to buy a $100 replace for both mirrors as they are not sold individually. Personally, since I looked everywhere for it myself, I'm thinking the piece may have been run over by another customer's car after mine and they just threw away the evidence."""""""
I had been wanting to have barbeque for awhile. This was the only place that was close to me. I had read the bad to average reviews, but still decided to give it a shot.  That was a mistake. There was no other customers inside and the food was incredibly bland. \n\nI decided to go with the 2 meat dinner combo. It ran just under $15. I went with pork ribs and sausage. For my sides I had Mac & Cheese and baked beans. The thing that had the most taste was was the baked beans and they tasted like they came straight from a can.  \n\nI would not recommend going here to anyone. I personally will not be going back.
